Form S-1 Table of Contents AS FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION ON MAY 13, 2008 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OmniComm Systems, Inc. (Name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 541511 (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) 11-3349762 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 2101 Commercial Blvd. Suite 4000 Ft. Lauderdale, Florida 33309 954.473.1254 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrants principal executive offices) Corporation Trust Company 1209 Orange Street Wilmington, DE 19801 (302) 658-7581 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) with a copy to Ronald T. Linares, Chief Financial Officer 2101 Commercial Blvd. Suite 4000 Ft. Lauderdale, Florida 33309 (954) 473-1254 and Schneider Weinberger & Beilly, LLP 2200 Corporate Boulevard, N.W. Suite 210 Boca Raton, FL 33431 (561) 362-9595 Attention: Roxanne K. Beilly, Esq. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933 check the following box: x If this form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ Table of Contents If this form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. (Check one): Large Accelerated Filer ¨ Accelerated Filer ¨ Non-Accelerated Filer ¨ (Do not check if a small reporting company) Small Reporting Company x CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of Each Class of Securities To Be Registered Amount To Be Registered Proposed Maximum Offering Price Per Security (2) Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price (2) Amount Of Registration Fee Common stock, $.001 par value(1) 3,907,563 $0.55 $2,149,160 $84.46 Common stock, $.001 par value(3) 3,820,923 $0.55 $2,101,508 $82.59 Common stock, $.001 par value (4) 1,490,850 $0.55 $819,968 $32.22 Common stock, $.001 par value (5) 37,027,141 $0.55 $20,364,928 $800.35 Total Registration Fee $999.62 (1) Shares issuable upon conversion of Secured Convertible Notes. (2) Estimated solely for purposes of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457. Based on the average of the high and low sale price of the common stock as reported on the OTC Bulletin Board on May 9, 2008. (3) Shares issuable upon exercise of common stock purchase warrants. (4) Shares issuable upon exercise of Placement Agent Unit Options. (5) Represents shares of common stock currently outstanding that will be sold by certain Selling Security holders. To the extent permitted by Rule 416, this registration statement also covers such additional number of shares of common stock as may be issuable as a result of the anti-dilution provisions of the Series C Preferred Stock (issuable upon exercise of the Placement Agent Unit Options), common stock purchase warrants and Placement Agent Unit Options. The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. Table of Contents Information contained herein is subject to completion or amendment. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These securities may not be sold nor may offers to buy be accepted prior to the time the registration statement becomes effective. This prospectus shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state. Subject to Completion May 13, 2008 PROSPECTUS OMNICOMM SYSTEMS, INC. [LOGO] 46,246,477 Shares of Common Stock This prospectus relates to the resale of up to 46,246,477 shares of our common stock by certain selling stockholders, which includes • 37,027,141 shares presently outstanding, • 3,820,923 shares issuable upon exercise of common stock purchase warrants, • 1,490,850 shares issuable upon exercise of Placement Agent Unit Options, and • 3,907,563 shares issuable upon conversion of Secured Convertible Notes. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the shares by the selling stockholders. To the extent the warrants and Placement Agent Unit Options are exercised on a cash basis, we will receive proceeds of the exercise price. The shares of common stock are being offered for sale by the selling security holders at prices established on the OTC Bulletin Board during the term of this offering. These prices will fluctuate based on the demand for the shares of common stock. For a description of the plan of distribution of these shares, please see page 70 of this prospectus. Our common stock is traded on the OTC Bulletin Board under the trading symbol “OMCM”. On May 9, 2008, the closing price for our common stock was $0.55. THIS INVESTMENT INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. SEE “ RISK FACTORS ” BEGINNING ON PAGE 2. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved these securities, or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of this prospectus is , 2008 Table of Contents PROSPECTUS SUMMARY The following summary highlights selected information contained in this prospectus. This summary does not contain all the information you should consider before investing in the securities. Before making an investment decision, you should read the entire prospectus carefully, including the “Risk Factors” section, the financial statements and the notes to the financial statements. The Business We are an Internet-based healthcare technology company that provides Web-based electronic data capture (“EDC”) solutions and related value-added services to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, clinical research organizations (“CROs”), academic research institutions and other clinical trial sponsors. TrialMaster ® , our Internet-based software, allows clinical trial sponsors and investigative sites to securely collect, validate, transmit, and analyze clinical study data including patient histories, patient dosing, adverse events, and other clinical trial information. At every research site, clinical research data is entered electronically. All participants in the clinical trial process are connected and have access to the data in real time. Clinical trial sponsors can review, monitor, and analyze the data remotely and in real time. Our principal offices are located at 2101 Commercial Blvd, Suite 4000, Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, 33309, and our telephone number is 954-473-1254. We are a Delaware corporation. Our fiscal year-end is December 31. The information contained on our website is not part of this prospectus. When used in this prospectus, the terms “OmniComm Systems,” “ we,” “our,” and “us” refers to OmniComm Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and our subsidiaries. The Offering Common stock offered by the selling stockholders: Up to 46,246,477 shares of our common stock, consisting of: • 3,907,563 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of Secured Convertible Notes, • 37,027,141 shares of common stock currently outstanding; • 3,820,923 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants, and • 1,490,850 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of Placement Agent Unit Options. Common stock outstanding: Prior to the offering: 74,701,008 shares. After the offering: 83,920,344 shares (1). OTC Bulletin Board Trading Symbol: OMCM (1) Assumes the issuance of 9,219,336 shares of common stock, being registered hereby, upon the conversion of the Secured Convertible Notes, and exercise of warrants and Placement Agent Unit Options by the selling stockholders. 1 Table of Contents SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA The following summary of our financial information has been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements for December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006 that are included in this prospectus. Statement of Operations Data: Year Ended December 31, 2007 Year Ended December 31, 2006 Revenues $ 3,723,841 $ 2,763,039 Cost of Sales $ 1,033,824 $ 969,323 Gross Margin $ 2,690,017 $ 1,793,716 Other Expenses $ 7,906,033 $ 5,525,422 Net Loss Attributable to Common Stockholders $ (5,773,469 ) $ (4,764,498 ) Net Loss Per Share $ (0.10 ) $ (0.14 ) Weighted Number of Shares Outstanding 55,545,968 34,936,930 Balance Sheet Data: At December 31, 2007 At December 31, 2006 Working Capital (Deficit) $ (2,127,140 ) $ (2,446,718 ) Total Assets $ 1,742,127 $ 582,542 Current Liabilities $ 3,416,055 $ 2,813,707 Notes Payable- Long Term $ 296,800 $ 600,000 Shareholders’ Deficit $ (1,970,728 ) $ (2,831,165 ) RISK FACTORS An investment in our securities is speculative in nature and involves a high degree of risk. In addition to the other information contained in this prospectus, the following material risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating us and our business before purchasing our securities. WE HAVE A HISTORY OF LOSSES AND ANTICIPATE FUTURE LOSSES. WE MAY NEVER ACHIEVE OR MAINTAIN PROFITABILITY. We incurred net losses attributable to common stockholders of $5,773,469 and $4,764,498 in fiscal 2007 and 2006, respectively. At December 31, 2007, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately $37,205,619 and a working capital deficit of approximately $2,127,140. We expect net losses and negative cash flow for the foreseeable future until such time as we can generate sufficient revenues to achieve profitability. We expect our operating cash flows to improve in fiscal 2008, but we have little control over the timing of contracted projects. We expect our client and contract base to expand and diversify to the point where it meets our on-going operating needs, but this may not happen in the short-term or at all. While we expect to achieve additional revenue through the growth of our business, we cannot assure you that we will generate sufficient revenue to fund our expenses and achieve and maintain profitability in any period. 2 Table of Contents WE DEPEND PRIMARILY ON THE PHARMACEUTICAL, BIOTECHNOLOGY AND MEDICAL DEVICE INDUSTRIES AND ARE THEREFORE SUBJECT TO RISKS RELATING TO CHANGES IN THESE INDUSTRIES. Our business depends on the clinical trials conducted or sponsored by pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device companies and other entities conducting clinical research. General economic downturns, increased consolidation or decreased competition in the industries in which these companies operate could result in fewer products under development or decreased pressure to accelerate product approval which, in turn, could materially adversely impact our revenues. Our operating results may also be adversely impacted by other developments that affect these industries generally, including: • the introduction or adoption of new technologies or products; • changes in third-party reimbursement practices; • changes in government regulation or governmental price controls; • changes in medical practices; • the assertion of product liability claims; and • changes in general business conditions. Any decrease in R & D expenditures or in the size, scope or frequency of clinical trials conducted or sponsored by pharmaceutical, biotechnology or medical device companies or other entities as a result of the foregoing or other factors could materially adversely affect our operations or financial condition. CHANGES IN REGULATIONS AND REGULATORY GUIDANCE APPLICABLE TO OUR CUSTOMERS OR POTENTIAL CUSTOMERS AND THE APPROVAL PROCESS FOR THEIR PRODUCTS MAY RESULT IN OUR INABILITY TO CONTINUE TO DO BUSINESS. Demand for our software products, services and hosted solutions is largely a function of regulation and regulatory guidance associated with the approval of new drugs, biological products and medical devices imposed upon the clinical trial process by the U.S. federal government and related regulatory authorities such as the FDA, and by foreign governments. In recent years, efforts have been made to streamline the FDA approval process and coordinate U.S. standards with those of other developed countries. Any change in the scope of applicable regulations and regulatory guidance could alter the type or amount of clinical trial spending or negatively impact interest in our software products, services and hosted solutions. Any regulatory reform that limits or reduces the research and development spending of entities conducting clinical research upon which our business depends could have a material adverse effect on our revenues or gross margins. In addition, any failure to conform our software products, services and hosted solutions to domestic or international changes in regulations and regulatory guidance applicable to our customers or potential customers and the approval process for their products may result in our inability to continue to do business. Changing our software products, services and hosted solutions to allow our customers to comply with future changes in regulation or regulatory guidance, either domestically or internationally, could cause us to incur substantial costs. We cannot assure you that our product and service offerings will allow our customers and potential customers to stay in compliance with regulations and regulatory guidance as they develop. If our product and service offerings fail to allow our customers and potential customers to operate in a manner that is compliant with applicable regulations and regulatory guidance, clinical trial sponsors and other entities conducting clinical research may be unwilling to use our software products, services and hosted solutions. IF ENTITIES ENGAGED IN CLINICAL TRIALS DO NOT SHIFT FROM TRADITIONAL PAPER-BASED METHODS OF COLLECTING CLINICAL TRIAL DATA TO ELECTRONIC SYSTEMS, WE MAY NOT ACHIEVE THE MARKET PENETRATION NECESSARY TO OBTAIN OR MAINTAIN PROFITABILITY. If entities engaged in clinical trials are unwilling to use our EDC solutions or to change the way of collecting clinical trial data, our future growth and market share may be limited. Most clinical trials today rely on pre-printed, three-part paper case report forms for data collection. Our efforts to establish an electronic process to capture clinical trial data are a significant departure from the traditional paper-based methods of collecting clinical trial data. As is typical for new and rapidly evolving industries, customer demand for recently introduced technology is highly uncertain. We may not be successful in persuading entities engaged in clinical trials to change the manner in which they have traditionally collected clinical trial data and to accept our software products, services and hosted solutions. If we fail to convince entities engaged in clinical trials to use our methods of capturing clinical trial data, our revenues may be limited and we may fail to be profitable. 3 Table of Contents OUR OPERATING RESULTS MAY FLUCTUATE SIGNIFICANTLY AND COULD CAUSE THE MARKET PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK TO FALL RAPIDLY AND WITHOUT NOTICE. Our revenues and operating results are difficult to predict and may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter, particularly because of the rapidly evolving market in which we operate and our term license model. For instance, our quarterly results ranged from an operating loss of $1,676,584 for the quarter ended December 31, 2007 to an operating loss of $381,590 for the quarter ended March 31, 2005. Our results of operations in any given quarter will be based on a number of factors, including: • the extent to which TrialMaster achieves or maintains market acceptance; • our ability to introduce new products and services and enhancements to our existing products and services on a timely basis; • the competitive environment in which we operate; • the timing of our product sales and the length of our sales and implementation cycles; • changes in our operating expenses; • our ability to hire and retain qualified personnel; • changes in the regulatory environment related to the clinical trial market; • the financial condition of our current and potential customers. A significant portion of our operating expense is relatively fixed in nature and planned expenditures are based in part on expectations regarding future revenues. Accordingly, unexpected revenue shortfalls may decrease our gross margins and could cause significant changes in our operating results from quarter to quarter. Results of operations in any quarterly period should not be considered indicative of the results to be expected for any future period. In addition, our future quarterly operating results may fluctuate and may not meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors. If this occurs, the trading price of our common stock could fall substantially either suddenly or over time. WE MAY BE REQUIRED TO SPEND SUBSTANTIAL TIME AND EXPENSE BEFORE WE RECOGNIZE A SIGNIFICANT PORTION OF THE REVENUES, IF ANY, ATTRIBUTABLE TO OUR CUSTOMER CONTRACTS. The sales cycle for some of our software solutions frequently takes six months to a year or longer from initial customer contact to contract execution. During this time, we may expend substantial time, effort and financial resources without realizing any revenue with respect to the potential sale. In addition, in the case of our hosted EDC solutions, we do not begin recognizing revenue until implementation cycles are complete. Moreover, while we begin recognizing revenue upon completion of the scope of work detailed in our contracts, it may be difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue through additional sales in any period, as revenue from new customers is recognized over the applicable license term, typically three months to five years. As a result, we may not recognize significant revenues, if any, from some customers despite incurring considerable expense related to our sales and implementation process. Even if we do realize revenues from a contract, our pricing model may keep us from recognizing a significant portion of these revenues during the same period in which sales and implementation expenses were incurred. Those timing differences could cause our gross margins and profitability to fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter. Similarly, a decline in new or renewed client contracts in any one quarter will not necessarily be fully reflected in the revenue in that quarter and may negatively affect our revenue in future quarters. This could cause our operating results to fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter. THE LOSS OF ONE OR MORE MAJOR CUSTOMERS COULD MATERIALLY AND ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION. Our top five customers accounted for approximately 45% of our revenues during 2007 and approximately 53% of our revenues during 2006. One customer accounted for 13% and another customer accounted for 10% of our revenues during 2007 or approximately $470,000 and $373,000, respectively. One customer accounted for 24% of our revenues during 2006, or approximately $477,000. These customers can terminate our services at any time. The loss of any of our major customers could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. We may not be able to maintain our customer relationships and our customers may not renew their agreements with us, which could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. A significant change in the liquidity or financial position of any of these customers could also have a material adverse effect on the collectibility of our accounts receivables, our liquidity and our future operating results. 4 Table of Contents WE COULD INCUR SUBSTANTIAL COSTS RESULTING FROM PRODUCT LIABILITY CLAIMS RELATING TO OUR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OR OUR CUSTOMERS’ USE OF OUR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. Any failure or errors in a customer’s clinical trial or adverse event reporting obligations caused or allegedly caused by our products or services could result in a claim for substantial damages against us by our customers or the clinical trial participants, regardless of our responsibility for the failure. Although we are entitled to indemnification under our customer contracts against claims brought against us by third parties arising out of our customers’ use of our products, we might find ourselves entangled in lawsuits against us that, even if unsuccessful, divert our resources and energy and adversely affect our business. Further, in the event we seek indemnification from a customer, we cannot assure you that a court will enforce our indemnification right if challenged by the customer obligated to indemnify us or that the customer will be able to fund any amounts for indemnification owed to us. We also cannot assure you that our existing general liability insurance coverage will continue to be available on reasonable terms or will be available in amounts sufficient to cover one or more large claims, or that the insurer will not disclaim coverage as to any future claim. WE AND OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES COULD BE SUBJECTED TO GOVERNMENTAL REGULATION, REQUIRING US TO INCUR SIGNIFICANT COMPLIANCE COSTS OR TO CEASE OFFERING OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES. The clinical trial process is subject to extensive and strict regulation by the FDA, as well as other regulatory authorities worldwide. Our electronic data capture, management and adverse event reporting products and services could be subjected to state, federal and foreign regulations. We cannot assure you that our products and service offerings will comply with applicable regulations and regulatory guidelines as they develop. If our products or services fail to comply with any applicable government regulations or guidelines, we could incur significant liability or be forced to cease offering our applicable products or services. Also, conforming our products and services to any applicable regulations and guidelines could substantially increase our operating expenses. IF WE ARE UNABLE TO RETAIN OUR PERSONNEL AND HIRE ADDITIONAL SKILLED PERSONNEL, WE MAY BE UNABLE TO ACHIEVE OUR GOALS. Our future success depends upon our ability to attract, train and retain highly skilled employees and contract workers, particularly our management team, sales and marketing personnel, professional services personnel and software engineers. Each of our executive officers and other employees could terminate his or her relationship with us at any time. The loss of any member of our management team might significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business or development objectives and could materially harm our business. In addition, because of the technical nature of our software products, services and hosted solutions and the dynamic market in which we compete, any failure to attract and retain qualified direct sales, professional services and product development personnel, as well as our contract workers, could have a material adverse affect on our ability to generate sales or successfully develop new software products, services and hosted solutions or software enhancements. WE FACE INTENSE COMPETITION AND WILL HAVE TO COMPETE FOR MARKET SHARE. There can be no assurance that our products will achieve or maintain a competitive advantage. There are currently a number of companies who market services and products for Web-based clinical trial data collection. Barriers to entry on the Internet are relatively low, and we expect competition to increase significantly in the future. We face competitive pressures from numerous actual and potential competitors, both online and offline, many of which have longer operating histories, greater brand name recognition, larger customer bases and significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. We cannot assure you that the Web-based clinical trials maintained by our existing and potential competitors will not be perceived by clinical trial sponsors as being superior to ours. 5 Table of Contents WE MAY BE UNABLE TO PREVENT COMPETITORS FROM USING OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, AND WE WOULD FACE POTENTIALLY EXPENSIVE LITIGATION TO ASSERT OUR RIGHTS AND TO DEFEND OURSELVES AGAINST INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT CLAIMS ASSERTED BY OTHERS. IF WE CANNOT PROTECT OUR PROPRIETARY INFORMATION, WE MAY LOSE A COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE AND SUFFER DECREASED REVENUES AND CASH FLOW. We are dependent, in part, on proprietary data, analytical computer programs and methods and related know-how for our day-to-day operations. We rely on a combination of confidentiality agreements, contract provisions and trade secret laws to protect our proprietary rights. Although we intend to protect our rights vigorously, there can be no assurance we will be successful in protecting our proprietary rights. If we are unable to protect our proprietary rights, or if our proprietary information and methods become widely available, we may lose any ability to obtain or maintain a competitive advantage within our market niche. FAILURE TO ADAPT TO EVOLVING TECHNOLOGIES AND USER DEMANDS COULD RESULT IN THE LOSS OF USERS . To be successful, we must adapt to rapidly changing technologies and user demands by continuously enhancing our products and services and introducing new products and services. If we need to modify our products and services or infrastructure to adapt to changes affecting clinical trials, we could incur substantial development or acquisition costs. As described below, we will be dependent upon the availability of additional financing to fund these development and acquisition costs. If these funds are not available to us, and if we cannot adapt to these changes or do not sufficiently increase the features and functionality of our products and services, our users may switch to the product and service offerings of our competitors. A SYSTEM FAILURE COULD RESULT IN SIGNIFICANTLY REDUCED REVENUES. Any system failure, including network, software or hardware failure that causes an interruption in our service could affect the performance of our TrialMaster software and result in reduced revenues. The servers that host our software are backed-up by remote servers, but we cannot be certain that the back-up servers will not fail or cause an interruption in our service. Clinical trial data could also be affected by computer viruses, electronic break-ins or other similar disruptions. Our users will depend on Internet service providers, online service providers and other web site operators for access to our products. Each of these providers may have experienced significant outages in the past and could experience outages, delays and other difficulties due to system failures unrelated to our systems. Further, our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications and/or power failure, break-ins, hurricanes, earthquake and similar events. Regionalized power loss caused by hurricanes or other storms if occurring over a long period of time could adversely impact our ability to service our clients. Our insurance policies have low coverage limits and may not adequately compensate us for any such losses that may occur due to interruptions in our service. WE MAY BE UNABLE TO ADEQUATELY DEVELOP OUR SYSTEMS, PROCESSES AND SUPPORT IN A MANNER THAT WILL ENABLE US TO MEET THE DEMAND FOR OUR SERVICES. Our future success will depend on our ability to develop effectively the infrastructure, including additional hardware and software, and implement the services, including customer support, necessary to meet the demand for our services. In the event we are not successful in developing the necessary systems and implementing the necessary services on a timely basis, our revenues could be adversely affected, which would have a material adverse affect on our financial condition. FAILURE TO MANAGE RAPID GROWTH EFFECTIVELY COULD HARM OUR BUSINESS. We have been experiencing a period of growth that has placed a significant strain on our operational and financial resources and our personnel. To manage our anticipated future growth effectively, we must continue to maintain and may need to enhance our information technology infrastructure, financial and accounting systems and controls and manage expanded operations in geographically distributed locations. We also must attract, integrate, train and retain a significant number of qualified sales and marketing personnel, professional services personnel, software engineers and other management personnel. Our failure to manage our rapid growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. 6 Table of Contents IN THE COURSE OF CONDUCTING OUR BUSINESS, WE POSSESS OR COULD BE DEEMED TO POSSESS PERSONAL MEDICAL INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH THE CONDUCT OF CLINICAL TRIALS, WHICH IF WE FAIL TO KEEP PROPERLY PROTECTED, COULD SUBJECT US TO SIGNIFICANT LIABILITY. Our software solutions are used to collect, manage and report information in connection with the conduct of clinical trails. This information is or could be considered to be personal medical information of the clinical trial participants. Regulation of the use and disclosure of personal medical information is complex and growing. Increased focus on individuals’ rights to confidentiality of their personal information, including personal medical information, could lead to an increase of existing and future legislative or regulatory initiatives giving direct legal remedies to individuals, including rights to damages, against entities deemed responsible for not adequately securing such personal information. In addition, courts may look to regulatory standards in identifying or applying a common law theory of liability, whether or not that law affords a private right of action. Since we receive and process personal information of clinical trial participants from our customers, there is a risk that we could be liable if there were a breach of any obligation to a protected person under contract, standard of practice or regulatory requirement. If we fail to properly protect this personal information that is in our possession or deemed to be in our possession, we could be subjected to significant liability. OUR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTAIN A GOING CONCERN QUALIFICATION. Because of our significant operating losses, accumulated deficit and the uncertainty as to our ability to secure additional financing, the report of our independent auditors on our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2007 contained an explanatory paragraph indicating there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. WE WILL LIKELY NEED ADDITIONAL FINANCING, THE TERMS OF WHICH MAY BE UNFAVORABLE TO OUR THEN EXISTING STOCKHOLDERS. Our plan of operations will require us to raise additional working capital if our revenue projections are not realized, and even if our projections are realized, we may need to raise additional financing to meet our ongoing obligations. In addition, we may also need to raise additional funds to meet known needs or to respond to future business contingencies, which may include the need to: • fund more rapid expansion; • fund additional capital or marketing expenditures; • develop new or enhanced features, services and products; • enhance our operating infrastructure; • respond to competitive pressures; or • acquire complementary businesses or necessary technologies. If additional funds are raised through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of our stockholders will be reduced, and these newly-issued securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing stockholders or debt holders. We cannot assure you that additional financing will be available on terms favorable to us, or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, our ability to fund our operations, repay our outstanding debt obligations and remain in business may be significantly limited. FUTURE SALES OF SHARES BY EXISTING STOCKHOLDERS AS WELL AS THE ISSUANCE OF ADDITIONAL SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK COULD RESULT IN A DECLINE IN THE MARKET PRICE OF THE STOCK. At May 8, 2008, we had 74,401,008 shares of common stock issued and outstanding and 24,683,603 shares issuable upon the conversion of preferred stock or Convertible Notes or the exercise of warrants or options. Of these shares, 46,633,694 are, or will be upon issuance, eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144. In general, Rule 144 permits a shareholder who has owned restricted shares for at least one year, to sell without registration, within a three-month period, up to one percent of our then outstanding common stock. In addition, shareholders other than our officers, directors or 5% or greater shareholders who have owned their shares for at least two years may sell them without volume limitation or the need for our reports to be current. 7 Table of Contents We cannot predict the effect, if any, that market sales of common stock or the availability of these shares for sale will have on the market price of the shares from time to time. Nevertheless, the possibility that substantial amounts of common stock may be sold in the public market could adversely affect market prices for the common stock and could damage our ability to raise capital through the sale of our equity securities. THE EXERCISE OF OUTSTANDING OPTIONS AND WARRANTS AND THE CONVERSION OF OUTSTANDING SHARES OF PREFERRED STOCK AND CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTES WILL BE DILUTIVE TO OUR EXISTING STOCKHOLDERS. As of May 9, 2008, we had a total of 21,903,453 shares of our common stock underlying options, warrants and other convertible securities and 2,780,149 shares of common stock underlying convertible preferred stock. The exercise of these warrants and options and/or the conversion of these convertible securities will have a dilutive effect on our existing stockholders. THERE IS ONLY A LIMITED TRADING MARKET FOR OUR COMMON STOCK. There is a limited trading market for our common stock. We cannot predict the extent to which investor interest in us will lead to the development of an active trading market or how liquid that trading market might become. If a liquid trading market does not develop or is not sustained, investors may find it difficult to dispose of shares of our common stock and may suffer a loss of all or a substantial portion of their investment in our common stock. BECAUSE OUR STOCK CURRENTLY TRADES BELOW $5.00 PER SHARE, AND IS QUOTED ON THE OTC BULLETIN BOARD, OUR COMMON STOCK IS CONSIDERED A “PENNY STOCK” WHICH CAN ADVERSELY EFFECT ITS LIQUIDITY. If our common stock continues to be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, and the trading price of our common stock remains less than $5.00 per share, our common stock is considered a “penny stock,” and trading in our common stock is subject to the requirements of Rule 15g-9 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Under this rule, broker/dealers who recommend low-priced securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors must satisfy special sales practice requirements. The broker/dealer must make an individualized written suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser’s written consent prior to the transaction. The Securities and Exchange Commission regulations also require additional disclosure in connection with any trades involving a “penny stock,” including the delivery, prior to any penny stock transaction, of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and its associated risks. These requirements severely limit the liquidity of securities in the secondary market because few broker or dealers are likely to undertake these compliance activities. In addition to the applicability of the penny stock rules, other risks associated with trading in penny stocks could also be price fluctuations and the lack of a liquid market. PROVISIONS OF OUR ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS MAY DELAY OR PREVENT A TAKE-OVER WHICH MAY NOT BE IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF OUR COMMON STOCKHOLDERS. Provisions of our articles of incorporation and by-laws may be deemed to have anti-takeover effects, which include when and by whom special meetings of our stockholders may be called and may delay, defer or prevent a takeover attempt. In addition, our articles of incorporation authorize the issuance of up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock with such rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our Board of Directors, of which 4,555,374 shares were issued and outstanding at December 31, 2007. Our board of directors may, without stockholder approval, issue additional series of preferred stock with dividends, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights which could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our common stock. IF THE SELLING STOCKHOLDERS ALL ELECT TO SELL THEIR SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK AT THE SAME TIME, THE MARKET PRICE OF OUR SHARES MAY DECREASE. It is possible that the selling stockholders will offer all of the shares for sale. Further, because it is possible that a significant number of shares could be sold at the same time hereunder, the sales, or the possibility thereof, may have a depressive effect on the market price of our common stock. 8 Table of Contents CAPITALIZATION The following table sets forth our capitalization as of December 31, 2007. The table should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus. This table does not give effect to: • the issuance of up to 11,875,720 shares of our common stock in the event stock options that have been granted are exercised; • the issuance of up to 4,559,320 shares of our common stock in the event that outstanding common stock purchase warrants are exercised; • the issuance of 2,780,149 shares of our common stock in the event that outstanding shares of 5% Series A and Series C Preferred Stock are exercised. Series C Preferred Stock are issuable upon exercise of Placement Agent Unit Options); • the issuance of 1,490,850 shares of our common stock in the event certain Placement Agent Unit Options granted to the placement agent of the Series C Preferred Stock are exercised ; or • the issuance of up to 3,977,563 shares of common stock in the event that the outstanding 10% convertible notes and Secured Convertible Notes are converted by the noteholders. December 31, 2007 TOTAL LIABILITIES 3,712,855 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (See Note 9) SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT) Undesignated preferred stock - $.001 par value. 4,022,500 shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding -0- Series B convertible preferred stock, - $.001 par value. 230,000 shares authorized, 48,000 issued and outstanding; liquidation preference $480,000 48 Series C convertible preferred stock, - $.001 par value. 747,500 shares authorized, 337,150 issued and outstanding; liquidation preference $3,371,500 337 5% Series A convertible preferred stock - $0.001 par value, 5,000,000 shares authorized; 4,170,224 issued and outstanding; liquidation preference $4,170,224 4,170 Common stock – 150,000,000 shares authorized, 59,032,598 issued and outstanding, after deducting 802,612 shares of treasury stock, at $.001 par value 59,786 Additional paid in capital – preferred 7,638,549 Additional paid in capital – common 27,893,433 Stock subscription receivable -0- Accumulated other comprehensive loss 7,957 Less: Treasury stock, cost method, 802,612 shares (369,389 ) Accumulated deficit (37,205,619 ) TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT) (1,970,728 ) TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT) $ 1,742,127 USE OF PROCEEDS We will not receive any proceeds upon the sale of shares of common stock by the selling stockholders. This prospectus covers resales of shares of common stock currently issued and outstanding, and issuable upon exercise of Placement Agent Unit Options, common stock purchase warrants, and conversion of Secured Convertible Notes. The terms of the Placement Agent Unit Options and common stock purchase warrants include a cashless exercise provision. If, and when the Placement Agent Unit Options and common stock purchase warrants are exercised by the selling stockholders on a cash basis without using the cashless exercise, the proceeds of $248,475 and $2,755,928, respectively, shall be used for general working capital purposes. If, and when the Placement Agent Unit Options and common stock purchase warrants are exercised by the selling stockholders using the cashless exercise we will not receive any proceeds from the exercises. 9 Table of Contents MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Our common stock is traded on a limited basis on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol OMCM. The following table sets forth the range of high and low closing prices for our common stock as reported by the OTC Bulletin Board for the periods indicated. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission, and may not represent actual transactions. The quotation of our common stock on the OTC Bulletin Board does not assure that a meaningful, consistent and liquid market for such securities currently exists. HIGH LOW Fiscal 2008 1 st Quarter $ 0.65 $ 0.53 Fiscal 2007 1 st Quarter $ 0.61 $ 0.48 2 nd Quarter $ 0.66 $ 0.57 3 rd Quarter $ 0.71 $ 0.66 4 th Quarter $ 0.71 $ 0.64 Fiscal 2006 1 st Quarter $ 0.54 $ 0.40 2 nd Quarter $ 0.59 $ 0.54 3 rd Quarter $ 0.56 $ 0.50 4 th Quarter $ 0.52 $ 0.48 On May 9, 2008, the closing price of our common stock as reported on the OTC Bulletin Board was $0.55. At May 9, 2008, we had approximately 400 shareholders of record; however, we believe that we have in excess of 1,000 beneficial owners of our common stock. Dividend Policy Holders of our common stock are entitled to cash dividends when, and as may be declared by the Board of Directors. We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently expect to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business and we do not anticipate that any cash dividends will be paid in the foreseeable future. Our future payment of dividends will be subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our earnings, capital requirements, expansion plans, financial condition and other relevant factors. We are currently restricted under Delaware corporate law from declaring any cash dividends due to our current working capital and stockholders’ deficit. There can be no assurance that cash dividends of any kind will ever be paid. A special note about penny stock rules The Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted regulations which generally define a “penny stock” to be any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Our common stock should be considered to be a penny stock. A penny stock is subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker/dealers who sell these securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. For transactions covered by these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of these securities. In addition, he must receive the purchaser’s written consent to the transaction prior to the purchase. He must also provide certain written disclosures to the purchaser. Consequently, the penny stock rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities, and may negatively affect the ability of holders of shares of our common stock to sell them. 10 Table of Contents Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans The following table sets forth securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans, including individual compensation arrangements, under our 1998 Incentive Stock Plan as of December 31, 2007. Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) Equity Compensation plans approved by stockholders: 1998 Stock Incentive Plan 9,320,270 $ 0.52 3,179,730 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders None n/a None Total 9,320,270 $ 0.52 3,179,730 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION Statements contained in this prospectus that are not historical fact are “forward looking statements”. These statements can often be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as “estimate”, “project”, “believe”, “expect”, “may”, “will”, “should”, “intends”, or “anticipates” or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy that involve risks and uncertainties. We wish to caution the reader that these forward-looking statements, such as statements relating to expectations as to operations and operational improvements; expectations as to revenue growth and earnings; the time by which certain objectives will be achieved; estimates of costs; and other matters contained in this prospectus regarding matters that are not historical facts, are only predictions. No assurance can be given that plans for the future will be consummated or that the future results indicated, whether expressed or implied, will be achieved. While sometimes presented with numerical specificity, these plans and projections and other forward-looking statements are based upon a variety of assumptions, which we consider reasonable, but which nevertheless may not be realized. Because of the number and range of the assumptions underlying our projections and forward-looking statements, many of which are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies that are beyond our reasonable control, some of the assumptions inevitably will not materialize, and unanticipated events and circumstances may occur subsequent to the date of this prospectus. Therefore, our actual experience and results achieved during the period covered by any particular projections or forward-looking statements may differ substantially from those projected. Consequently, the inclusion of projections and other forward- looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that these plans will be consummated or that estimates and projections will be realized, and actual results may vary materially. There can be no assurance that any of these expectations will be realized or that any of the forward-looking statements contained herein will prove to be accurate. We assume no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, and no inference should be drawn that we will make any updates with respect thereto. For any forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus, we claim protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 11 Table of Contents MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATIONS Overview We are a healthcare technology company that provides Electronic Data Capture (“EDC”) solutions and related value-added services to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, Clinical Research Organizations (“CRO”), and other clinical trial sponsors via our Web-based software, TrialMaster. TrialMaster allows clinical trial sponsors and investigative sites to securely collect, validate, transmit, and analyze clinical study data including patient histories, patient dosing, adverse events, and other clinical trial information. All of our personnel are involved in the development and marketing of TrialMaster and its related products. During fiscal 2007 the Company continued its efforts to execute its strategy. The primary focus of our strategy includes: • Stimulating demand by providing clinical trial Sponsors with high value EDC; • Emphasizing low operating costs; • Expanding our business model by offering our software solution, TrialMaster, on a licensed basis in addition to our existing hosted-services solutions; • Providing EDC services to small and midsize Pharma, Bio-Tech, Medical Device Companies and CROs (Clinical Research Organizations); and • Differentiation through service. According to a 2005 Goldman Sachs report, global R & D expenditures by the pharmaceutical and BioTech industries were approximately $102.6 billion in 2006, with approximately 53% of that amount spent by North American-based pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device companies. Based on a 2002 CenterWatch report approximately 8.5% of total R & D costs are spent on data management. A recent 2007 report by Health Industry Insights states that by the end of 2007, nearly 45% of all new Phase I-III studies will be initiated using EDC. The report also states that the total addressable market for EDC and eClinical services is expected to grow from approximately $600MM currently to $1.8B in 2010. Our operating focus is first to increase our sales and marketing capabilities and penetration rate and secondly, to continue developing and improving TrialMaster to ensure our services and products remain an attractive, high-value EDC choice. From 2005 to 2007 we expanded our sales and marketing team. During 2008 we anticipate continuing to increasing our marketing and sales personnel and will look to aggressively expand the scope of our CRO Preferred Program in order to increase our penetration of the domestic CRO market. During the second half of fiscal 2007 we established an operation in Germany under a wholly-owned subsidiary. During 2008 we expect to increase our overall marketing and sales presence in Europe as part of our strategic plan. Our ability to compete within the EDC industry is predicated on our ability to continue enhancing and broadening the scope of solutions offered through TrialMaster. Our R & D efforts are focused on developing new, complementary software solutions, as well as enhancing our existing software solutions through the addition of increased functionality. During fiscal 2007 and 2006, we spent approximately $917,000 and $742,000 respectively, on R & D activities, the majority of which represented salaries to our developers which include costs associated with customization of the TrialMaster software for our client’s projects. 12 Table of Contents The Year-ended December 31, 2007 Compared With the Year-ended December 31, 2006 Results of Operations A summarized version of our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006 is included in the table below. Summarized Statement of Operations For the years ended December 31, 2007 % of Revenues 2006 % of Revenues $ Change % Change Total revenues $ 3,723,841 $ 2,763,039 $ 960,802 34.8 % Cost of sales 1,033,824 27.8 % 969,323 35.1 % 64,501 6.7 % Gross margin 2,690,017 72.2 % 1,793,716 64.9 % 896,301 50.0 % Salaries, benefits and related taxes 5,886,663 158.1 % 3,986,311 144.3 % 1,900,352 47.7 % Rent 342,255 9.2 % 221,817 8.0 % 120,438 54.3 % Consulting 320,360 8.6 % 376,152 13.6 % (55,792 ) -14.8 % Selling, general and administrative 522,565 14.0 % 338,761 12.3 % 183,804 54.3 % Total Operating Expenses 7,906,033 212.3 % 5,525,422 200.0 % 2,380,611 43.1 % Operating income (loss) (5,216,016 ) -140.1 % (3,731,706 ) -135.1 % (1,484,310 ) 39.8 % Interest Expense 57,777 1.6 % 509,648 18.4 % (451,871 ) -88.7 % Interest income 20,085 0.5 % — 0.0 % 20,085 0.0 % Net (loss) (5,253,708 ) -141.1 % (4,241,354 ) -153.5 % (1,012,354 ) 23.9 % Total preferred stock dividends (519,761 ) -14.0 % (523,144 ) -18.9 % 3,383 -0.6 % Net (loss) attributable to common stockholders $ (5,773,469 ) -155.0 % $ (4,764,498 ) -172.4 % $ (1,008,971 ) 21.2 % Results of Operations Revenues for the year-ended December 31, 2007 were $3,723,841 compared to $2,763,039 for the year-ended December 31, 2006, an increase of 34.8%. TrialMaster is currently sold primarily as an application service provider (“ASP”) that provides EDC and other services such as an enterprise management suite which assists its clients in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device industries in accelerating the completion of clinical trials. As we continue developing TrialMaster and our client relationships mature we expect some of our clients to deploy TrialMaster on a licensed, rather than ASP hosted basis. TrialMaster contracts provide for pricing that is based on both the size and duration of the clinical trial. Size parameters include the number of case report forms used to collect data and the number of sites utilizing TrialMaster. The client will pay a trial setup fee based on the previously mentioned factors, and then pay an on-going maintenance fee for the duration of the clinical trial that provides software, network and site support during the trial. During the year-ended 2007 approximately 63.2% of revenues was generated by trial setup activities, 27.9% was generated from on-going maintenance fees and approximately 8.9% was generated from fees charged for changes to on-going clinical trial engagements. During the year-ended 2006 we generated 69.6% of revenues from setup fees, 21.3% from on-going maintenance fees and 9.1% from project change orders. Generally, these contracts will range in duration from one month to several years. Setup fees are generally earned prior to the inception of a trial, however, the revenues will be recognized in accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104 “Revenue Recognition” which requires that the revenues be recognized ratably over the life of the contract. The maintenance fee revenues are earned and recognized monthly. Costs associated with contract revenues are recognized as incurred. 13 Table of Contents Our top five customers accounted for approximately 45% of our revenues during the year-ended December 31, 2007 and approximately 53% of our revenues during the year-ended December 31, 2006. One customer accounted for 13% and another accounted for 10% of our revenues during fiscal 2007. One customer accounted individually for 24% of our revenues during fiscal 2006. The loss of any of these contracts or these customers in the future could adversely affect our results of operations. Cost of goods sold increased to $1,033,824 for the year-ended December 31, 2007 compared to $969,323 for the year-ended December 31, 2006, an increase of 6.7%. Cost of goods sold were approximately 27.8% of sales for the year-ended December 31, 2007 compared to 35.1% for the year-ended December 31, 2006. Cost of goods sold relates primarily to salaries and related benefits associated with the programmers, developers and systems analysts producing clinical trials on behalf of our clients. Salaries increased during 2007 due to the addition of four additional programmers and two additional quality analysts as part of our clinical trial operations. We expect to increase development programming labor costs on an absolute basis as our trial revenues increase. We expect our cost of goods sold to return to the 25% of sales range during fiscal 2008. We expect to continue to increase follow-on engagements from existing clients and expect to increase the phase I and CRO portions of our client base. In addition, we expect the cost of service for our licensing business to approximate 25% of revenues. TrialMaster V3.0, the current release of our trial-building software has improved our ability to reduce trial production related costs since it automates many of the trial building functions that were manually performed in prior releases of our software. We expect the release of TrialMaster, (V4.0), which is available for commercialization, to increase the efficiency of trial building operations by 20 to 25%. V4.0 is being designed using Microsoft’s .NET framework. Microsoft ® .NET is described by Microsoft as a set of software technologies for connecting information, people, systems and devices. This new generation of technology is based on Web services—small building-block applications that can connect to each other as well as to other, larger applications over the Internet. Salaries and related expenses are our biggest expense at 74.5% of total Operating Expenses for the year-ended December 31, 2007 compared with 72.1% of total Operating Expenses for the year-ended December 31, 2006. Salaries and related expenses totaled $5,886,663 for the year-ended December 31, 2007 compared to $3,986,311 for the year-ended December 31, 2006, an increase of 47.7%. We currently employ approximately 65 employees out of our Ft. Lauderdale, Florida corporate office, eight out-of-state employees and 9 employees out of a wholly-owned subsidiary in Bonn, Germany. We expect to increase personnel within our production, project management and quality analysis functions in concert with anticipated increases in TrialMaster clients during fiscal 2008. We will look to selectively add experienced sales and marketing personnel in fiscal 2008 in an effort to increase our market penetration and to continue broadening our client base. During the years ended December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006 we incurred $980,823 and $786,703, respectively, in salary expense in connection with our adoption of SFAS No. 123(R), Share-Based Payment, which establishes standards for transactions in which an entity exchanges its equity instruments for goods or services. This standard requires a public entity to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award. We expect that the adoption of SFAS 123R will continue to have an impact on our results of operations in the future. Rent and related expenses increased by $120,438 during the year-ended December 31, 2007 when compared to the year-ended December 31, 2006. We expanded our corporate office lease that runs through July 2011 to include a total of approximately 10,000 square feet. We established a disaster recovery site at a Cincinnati Bell owned Co-Location facility in Cincinnati, Ohio and will continue utilizing this facility for the foreseeable future since it is designed to ensure 100% production system up-time and to provide system redundancy. In August 2006, we entered into a lease with Gold Coast 1-Vault in the Ft. Lauderdale, Florida area. This facility provides us with disaster recovery and business continuity services for our operations. This lease expires in July 2010. Consulting services expense was $320,360 for the year ended December 31, 2007 compared with $376,152 for the year ended December 31, 2006. Consulting services were comprised of fees paid to consultants for help with developing our R & D and sales and marketing recruiting programs and in helping us recruit employees in those two functions. Legal and professional fees totaled $291,959 for the year-ended December 31, 2007 compared with $233,035 for the year-ended December 31, 2006, an increase of approximately $58,924. Professional fees represent fees paid to our auditors for services rendered on a quarterly and annual basis in connection with our SEC filings and fees paid to our attorneys in connection with representation in matters involving litigation or for services rendered to us related to securities and SEC related matters. We expect legal and professional fees to increase during fiscal 2008 in connection with our project aimed at ensuring timely compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 14 Table of Contents Selling, general and administrative expenses (“SGA”) were $522,565 for the year-ended December 31, 2007 compared to $338,761 for the year-ended December 31, 2006, an increase of 54.3%. These expenses relate primarily to costs incurred in running our office day-to-day and other costs not directly related to other captioned items in our income statement and include the cost of office equipment and supplies, the costs of attending conferences and seminars and other expenses incurred in the normal course of business. The Company increased its marketing, sales and advertising expenditures by $16,411 for the year-ended December 31, 2007 from $133,728 for the year-ended December 31, 2006 to $150,139, an increase of approximately 12.3%. We expect SGA expenses to continue increasing as we intensify and extend our selling and marketing efforts. Interest expense was $57,777 during the year-ended December 31, 2007, including $7,500 in interest expense related to the conversion of our 10% Convertible Notes that were converted during 2007 compared to $509,648 for the year-ended December 31, 2006, including $195,880 in interest expense related to the conversion of our 10% convertible notes that were converted in 2006, a decrease of $451,871 or 88.7%. Interest paid to related parties was $16,650 during the year ended December 31, 2007 and $328,709 for the year ended December 31, 2006. The decrease in interest expense can be attributed to the conversion in December 2006 of notes payable totaling $2,924,260 and the conversion in March 2007 of notes payable totaling $865,000. By converting these notes payable the company was able to reduce its annualized interest expense by approximately $341,000 annually offset by the additional interest expense incurred associated with conversions of the 10% Notes in both years. We evaluate the cost of capital available to us in combination with our overall capital structure in deciding what financing best fulfills our short and long-term capital needs. During the year-ended December 31, 2006 we issued $700,000 in promissory notes, including $185,000 to our Placement Agent Noesis Capital. The note for $185,000 issue to Noesis Capital included $125,000 in accrued expenses associated with financial services provided. During the year-ended December 31, 2007, we issued $211,800 in promissory notes. An aggregate of $2,924,260 in promissory notes were converted into shares of our common stock in December 2006. Included were notes converted by Cornelis F. Wit, our President and CEO in the amount of $691,501, by Guus van Kesteren, a Director, in the amount of $439,136 and by Noesis Capital, our Placement Agent and a 5% or greater shareholder, in the amount of $511,910. The interest expense savings associated with these conversions was approximately $263,000 in fiscal 2007. There were arrearages of $210,574 in 5% Series A Preferred Stock dividends, $39,467 in Series B Preferred Stock dividends and $269,720 in Series C Preferred Stock dividends for the year-ended December 31, 2007, compared with arrearages of $210,761 in 5% Series A Preferred Stock dividends, $42,663 in Series B Preferred Stock dividends and $269,720 in Series C Preferred Stock dividends for the year-ended December 31, 2006. We deducted $519,761 and $523,144 from Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Common Stockholders’ for the year-ended December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, respectively, relating to undeclared Series A, B and C Convertible Preferred Stock dividends. 15 Table of Contents Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity is the ability of a company to generate funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations and otherwise operate on an ongoing basis. We have historically experienced negative cash flows and have relied on the proceeds from the sale of debt and equity securities to fund our operations. In addition, we have utilized stock-based compensation as a means of paying for consulting and salary related expenses. The table provided below summarizes key measures of our liquidity and capital resources: Liquidity and Capital Resources December 31, 2007 December 31, 2006 Change Cash 481,961 38,254 443,707 Accounts Receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts 769,325 286,708 482,617 Current Assets 1,288,914 366,988 921,926 Accounts Payable and accrued expenses 681,731 645,375 36,356 Accrued payroll taxes 14,550 74,766 (60,216 ) Deferred revenue 2,632,274 1,643,566 988,708 Convertible notes payable 87,500 100,000 (12,500 ) Current Liabilities 3,416,055 2,813,707 602,348 Working Capital (Deficit) (2,127,141 ) (2,446,719 ) 319,578 Disclosure for the year ended December 31, 2007 December 31, 2006 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities (3,594,090 ) (2,264,664 ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (322,483 ) (228,642 ) Net cash provided by financing activities 4,350,282 2,523,670 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 443,707 28,323 Cash and cash equivalents increased by $443,707 from $38,254 to $481,961 at December 31, 2007. This was the result of cash provided by financing activities of $4,350,282 offset by cash used in operating activities of approximately $3,594,090 and $322,483 used in investing activities. The significant components of the activity include a loss from operations of approximately $5,253,708 offset by non-cash expenses of $1,181,332 and approximately $4,350,282 we raised through the issuance of debt and equity securities offset by $322,483 used in investing activities and increases in cash of $478,286 from changes in working capital accounts. 16 Table of Contents We are not currently bound by any long or short-term agreements for the purchase or lease of capital expenditures. Any amounts expended for capital expenditures would be the result of an increase in the capacity needed to adequately service any increase in our business. To date we have paid for any needed additions to our capital equipment infrastructure from working capital funds and anticipate this being the case in the future. Presently, we have approximately $450,000 planned for capital expenditures to further the Company’s growth during fiscal 2008 which will be funded through cash from operations. Contractual Obligations The following table sets forth our contractual obligations during the next five years as of December 31, 2007: Contractual Obligations Payments Due by Period Total Less than 1 year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years 3-5 Years Long Term Debt (1) 384,300 87,500 (2) 296,800 (3) 0 0 Operating Lease Obligations 1,016,625 294,623 274,396 280,086 167,520 Financial Advisory Agreement (4) 180,000 90,000 90,000 0 0 Total 1,580,925 472,123 661,196 280,086 167,520 1. Amounts do not include interest to be paid. 2. Includes $87,500 of convertible notes currently in default and due that are convertible into shares of common stock at the option of the debenture holder at a conversion rate of $1.25 per share. 3. Includes $296,800 in promissory notes bearing interest at 9% annually that mature in January 2009. 4. Relates to Financial Advisory fees paid to Noesis Capital Corp., our Placement Agent and a 5% shareholder in our Company. We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. We are currently in arrears on principal and interest payments owed totaling $152,330 on our 10% Convertible Notes. We were in default effective January 30, 2002. We have been operating with a cash burn rate since beginning our EDC operations. From January 2006 to December 2007, an aggregate of 8,650,000 common stock warrants originally issued in connection with private placements of our Series B and Series C Preferred stock and with a round of financing involving our common stock that occurred in 2005 were exercised on a cash basis. An additional 6.4 million warrants issued in the private placement of our Series B Preferred Stock were exercised on a cashless basis providing us with no cash proceeds. The gross proceeds of the warrant exercises were $2,162,500 and we incurred no transaction fees in connection with the warrant exercise transactions. From March 2006 to December 2006 an aggregate of 834,500 shares of common stock were issued in connection with the exercise of employee stock options resulting in gross proceeds of $223,375. From January 2007 to December 2007 an aggregate of 595,364 shares of common stock were issued in connection with the exercise of employee stock options resulting in gross proceeds of $113,267. From February 2007 to March 2007, an aggregate of 5,000,000 shares of common stock were sold in connection with a private placement of our common stock. The gross proceeds of the private placement were $2,500,000 and we incurred no transaction fees in connection with the private placement. From September 2007 to December 2007, an aggregate of 2,081,773 shares of our common stock were sold in connection with a private placement of our common stock to accredited investors resulting in gross proceeds of $1,394,788. We incurred approximately $95,873 in fees in connection with the private placement. Our selling efforts include marketing our products to several Fortune 1000 pharmaceutical and medical device manufacturers and several of the largest CRO’s. We began providing services to some of these entities during 2003 and we have experienced success in broadening our client roster over the past three fiscal years. Continued success in broadening our existing client relationships and 17 Table of Contents forging new relationships should provide us the opportunity to limit our need for funding our operations via debt and equity capital. Continuing to obtain contracts with clients of this size and reputation will also increase the credibility of the Company to the clinical trial market. We experienced increased success in marketing TrialMaster between fiscal 2005 and 2007. We entered into approximately $21.0 million in contracts during those fiscal years for trials to be serviced over the next five years. These contracts included 74 clinical trial engagements with 24 new clients. These contracts may however, be terminated by our clients at any time. Our focus continues to include increasing our penetration of all phases of the clinical trial market with a continued emphasis on becoming the market leader in Phase I EDC services. We believe this market is an operating and strategic strength of the Company due to the inherent flexibility that our Phase I TrialMaster product provides us. We believe we have the ability to produce trials more quickly and economically than our competitors for this specialized and large market. During fiscal 2008, we will continue commercializing our products on a licensed basis and expect to experience increased success in penetrating the market for larger pharmaceutical, bio-technology and medical device clinical trial sponsors. Our clients will be able to partially or completely license TrialMaster. This business model provides our clients a more cost efficient means of deploying our EDC solutions on a large-scale basis. Our licensed products, falling under the auspices of either a Tech Transition (partial transfer with some services performed by OmniComm) or Tech Transfer, will allow us to broaden our potential client base, provides us with a high-margin revenue source and affords us the ability to improve our competitive position within the EDC industry. Additionally, we continue to focus on adding CROs as strategic and marketing partners. There is an industry-wide emphasis in establishing strategic relationships with CROs. These relationships provide marketing leverage in the form of joint marketing and sales efforts and provide an installed base of trained TrialMaster users. This installed base of users increases our ability to provide rapidly developed, cost effective solutions for our clients. We feel that the momentum established from new client acquisitions and our ability to retain clients for repeat engagements provide a good operating base from which to build during 2008. We expect to continue increasing the level of resources deployed in our sales and marketing efforts. We feel that a combination of our lean operating environment and increased success in new client acquisition, coupled with our ability to retain our existing clients will allow us to compete effectively within the EDC market. Because of the losses experienced since 1999 we have needed to continue utilizing the proceeds from the sale of debt and equity securities to fund our working capital needs. When available, capital has been expensive relative to the valuations that were afforded during the expansion of the Internet sector in 1999 and 2000. The softness in the capital markets earlier this decade coupled with the losses experienced have caused working capital shortfalls. We have used a combination of equity financing and short-term bridge loans to fund our working capital needs. Other than our current capital and capital we may raise from future debt or equity offerings or short-term bridge loans, we do not have any additional sources of working capital. We may continue to require substantial funds to continue our research and development activities and to market, sell and commercialize our technology. We may need to raise substantial additional capital to fund our future operations. Our capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the problems, delays, expenses and complications frequently encountered by companies developing and commercializing new technologies; the progress of our research and development activities; the rate of technological advances; determinations as to the commercial potential of our technology under development; the status of competitive technology; the establishment of collaborative relationships; the success of our sales and marketing programs; the cost of filing, prosecuting and defending and enforcing intellectual property rights and other changes in economic, regulatory or competitive conditions in our planned business. Estimates about the adequacy of funding for our activities are based upon certain assumptions, including assumptions that the research and development programs relating to our technology can be conducted at projected costs and that progress towards broader commercialization of our technology will be timely and successful. There can be no assurance that changes in our research and development plans or other events will not result in accelerated or unexpected expenditures. To satisfy our capital requirements, including ongoing future operations, we may seek to raise additional financing through debt and equity financings. There can be no assurance that any such funding will be available to us on favorable terms or at all. If adequate funds are not available when needed, we may be required to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our research and product development programs, and our business operations. If we are successful in obtaining additional financings, the terms of such financings may have the effect of diluting or adversely affecting the holdings or the rights of the holders of our common and preferred stock. Further, there can be no assurance that even if such additional capital is obtained or the planned cost reductions are implemented, that we will achieve positive cash flow or profitability or be able to continue as a business. 18 Table of Contents Our ability to continue in existence is dependent on our having sufficient financial resources to bring products and services to market. As a result of our significant losses, negative cash flows from operations and accumulated deficits for the periods ending December 31, 2007, there is doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. In addition, our auditors Greenberg and Company, LLC, included language which qualified their opinion regarding our ability to continue as a going concern in their report dated February 8, 2008. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported. Note 2 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements describes the significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. Certain of these significant accounting policies are considered to be critical accounting policies, as defined below. A critical accounting policy is defined as one that is both material to the presentation of our financial statements and requires management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments that could have a material effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Specifically, critical accounting estimates have the following attributes: 1) we are required to make assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time of the estimate; and 2) different estimates we could reasonably have used, or changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur, would have a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Estimates and assumptions about future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions believed to be applicable and reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates may change as new events occur, as additional information is obtained and as our operating environment changes. These changes have historically been minor and have been included in the consolidated financial statements as soon as they became known. In addition, our Management is periodically faced with uncertainties, the outcomes of which are not within our control and will not be known for prolonged periods of time. Based on a critical assessment of its accounting policies and the underlying judgments and uncertainties affecting the application of those policies, our Management believes that our consolidated financial statements are fairly stated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP), and present a meaningful presentation of our financial condition and results of operations. Our Management believes that the following are our critical accounting policies: Deferred Revenue Deferred revenue represents cash advances received in excess of revenue earned on on-going contracts. Payment terms vary with each contract but may include an initial payment at the time the contract is executed, with future payments dependent upon the completion of certain contract phases or targeted milestones. In the event of contract cancellation, we are entitled to payment for all work performed through the point of cancellation. Revenue Recognition Policy OmniComm’s revenue model is transaction-based and can be implemented either as an ASP or licensed for implementation by a customer such as a pharmaceutical company. Revenues are derived from the set-up of clinical trial engagements; on-going maintenance fees incurred throughout the duration of an engagement; fees for report writing and change orders. The clinical trials that are conducted using TrialMaster can last from a few months to several years. Most of the fees associated with our product including post-setup customer support in the form of maintenance charges are recognized ratably over the term of the clinical trial. Cost of sales is primarily comprised of programmer salaries and taxes and is expensed as incurred. The Company recognizes sales, for both financial statement and tax purposes in accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101 “Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements” (“SAB 101”). SAB 101 requires that revenues be recognized ratably over the life of a contract. In accordance with SAB 101 the Company will record revenues over the estimated lives of the contracts. 19 Table of Contents Stock Based Compensation. Beginning on January 1, 2006, we began accounting for stock options under the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (“SFAS”) No. 123(R), “Share-Based Payments” (“SFAS 123(R)”), which requires the recognition of the fair value of equity-based compensation. The fair value of stock options on the date of grant was estimated using a Binomial option valuation model. This model requires the input of subjective assumptions in implementing SFAS 123(R), including expected stock price volatility, estimated life and estimated forfeitures of each award. The fair value of equity-based awards is amortized over the vesting period of the award and we have elected to use the straight-line method of amortization. Prior to the implementation of SFAS 123(R), we accounted for stock options and ESPP shares under the provisions of Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25, “Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees”. EFFECT OF RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS In December 2007, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No (“SFAS”) 141 (revised 2007), Business Combinations, which replaces SFAS 141. SFAS 141R establishes principles and requirements for how an acquirer recognizes and measures in its financial statements the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and the goodwill acquired. SFAS 141R also establishes disclosure requirements that will enable users to evaluate the nature and financial effects of the business combination. SFAS 141R is effective as of the beginning of an entity’s fiscal year that begins after December 15, 2008 and will be adopted by the Company in the first quarter of fiscal 2009. In February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS 159, The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. SFAS 159 was issued to allow entities to voluntarily choose to measure certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value (“fair value option”). The fair value option may be elected on an instrument-by-instrument basis and is irrevocable, unless a new election date occurs. If the fair value option is elected for an instrument, SFAS 159 specifies that unrealized gains and losses for that instrument shall be reported in earnings at each subsequent reporting date. SFAS 159 is effective January 1, 2008. The Company does not believe the adoption of SFAS 159 will have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS 157, Fair Value Measurements, which defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. SFAS 157 is effective January 1, 2008. The Company does not believe the adoption of SFAS 157 will have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS Background and History OmniComm Systems, Inc. was originally organized as Coral Development Corp., under the laws of the State of Delaware, on November 19, 1996, by Modern Technology Corp. (“Modern”). Modern originally completed a “blind pool/blank check” offer pursuant to Rule 419 by having Modern distribute Coral Development shares as a dividend to Modern shareholders. On February 17, 1999, OmniComm Systems, Inc., a company organized under the laws of the State of Florida as the Premisys Group, Inc. on March 4, 1997, merged with Coral Development. Coral Development was the surviving entity post-merger. The merged entity changed its name to OmniComm Systems, Inc. Overview OmniComm Systems, Inc. provides Web-based Electronic Data Capture (“EDC”) software and services that streamline the clinical research process. TrialMaster™ is the core of OmniComm’s unique EDC product offering. Trial Master is designed to allow clinical trial Sponsors and investigative sites to easily and securely collect, validate, transmit, and analyze clinical study data including patient histories, patient dosing, adverse events and other clinical trial related information. TrialMaster is a 21 CFR Part 11 compliant solution and designed to offer clinical trial sponsors the freedom to conduct clinical trials under multiple platforms, with significant flexibility, ease-of-use and complete control over collected data. Developed using forward-looking technology based on Microsoft ® .NET architecture, TrialMaster provides a simple “drag and drop” design tool and a straightforward, logical build process that allows easy and rapid trial development. The system’s GUI (user interface) has been designed to be clean, user friendly and intuitive. Sponsors have access to on-demand importing of various industry import standards including CDISC, core labs and patient diary data. In addition, Trial Master’s export feature allows output to client systems in various formats including SAS, CDISC, CSV, TAB and XML formats. 20 Table of Contents TrialMaster offers significant business benefits to its customers and is designed to help clinical trial sponsors more efficiently conduct their clinical trials. This efficiency translates into more rapid initiation of data collection, less cost incurred in the data collection process and the ability to make more timely Go/No-Go decisions. We also provide business process consulting services that aim at more effectively integrating EDC into the clinical trial process. Our goal is to provide our clients a data collection process that is streamlined, efficient and cost-effective. We believe that TrialMaster is significantly more efficient than the traditional paper collection methods employed in the past. TrialMaster has been designed to make the trial building process more efficient than the technologies deployed by our competitors. The benefits of managing a clinical trial using TrialMaster for EDC include: • Real-Time Access to the Data: All interested parties will have real-time access to study data over the Internet as it is generated. This allows for the monitoring of patient enrollments and related metrics, by site, at the earliest time point. • Faster Study Completion: TrialMaster saves time at the back-end of a study by eliminating most of the time it takes for database “clean-up” in studies involving paper-based Case Report Forms (CRFs). This is done by eliminating most incorrect or incomplete entries at the time of entry. Queries for non-automatic items can be handled shortly thereafter through electronic data review by the clinical study monitors. A 2005 Life Science Insights report estimates that trial sponsors have experienced a 53.3% reduction in clinical trial queries through EDC use. This may be critical if there are any unanticipated future delays in either the commencement or conduct of the study. • Cost Savings: EDC involves fixed upfront system development costs. The cost of TrialMaster is comparable to paper. The use of EDC can be even more cost effective when applied to multiple studies, which is relatively easy to do in certain therapeutic areas, in which there are a few primary indications and the studies are relatively simple and similar in terms of data captured. A 2005 report by Life Science Insights estimates that EDC users can expect a cost reduction of approximately 17.5% via the adoption of EDC. According to a 2005 Goldman Sachs report, global R & D expenditures by the pharmaceutical and BioTech industries were approximately $102.6 billion in 2006, with approximately 53% of that amount spent by North American-based pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device companies. Based on a 2002 CenterWatch report approximately 8.5% of total R & D costs are spent on data management. A recent 2007 report by Health Industry Insights states that by the end of 2007, nearly 45% of all new Phase I-III studies will be initiated using EDC. The report also states that the total addressable market for EDC and eClinical services is expected to grow from approximately $600MM currently to $1.8B in 2010. Our Strategy Our primary goal is to establish OmniComm Systems as a leading EDC software and services provider by offering our customers the highest quality service with a differentiated, user-friendly product. TrialMaster is priced to provide a solid value, which stimulates market demand, while maintaining a continuous focus on cost-containment and operating efficiencies. We intend to follow a controlled growth plan designed to take advantage of our competitive strengths. Our growth has occurred through a combination of continued high-quality service to our existing clients and by adding new clients, often served by higher-cost EDC competitors or less effective “home-grown” EDC systems. The key elements of our strategy are: Stimulate Demand by providing Clinical Trial Sponsors with High Value EDC. Deploying EDC can be an expensive proposition. Each trial is considered a stand-alone project and can incur data collection costs that are according to a CenterWatch report approximately 8.5% of total drug development costs. Because TrialMaster has been designed to make the trial building process more efficient than the technologies deployed by our competitors, we have been able to provide pricing that is in many cases substantially lower than that of the competition. We provide faster trial start-up times, excellent customer service, including full project management and process improvement consulting—while maintaining significant gross margins. The combination of our cost structure and use of technology allows us to compete both on quality and price. Emphasize Low Operating Costs. We are committed to keeping our operating and general and administrative costs low. We have achieved our low operating costs primarily by designing a flexible, customizable EDC product that does not require numerous hours of configuration time. TrialMaster has been developed in order to take advantage of several automated software tools. These tools make the trial building process more efficient and automate many tasks our competitors complete manually. We use advanced technologies and employ a well incentivized, productive and highly professional workforce. We are continually focused on improvements in efficiency and we believe that the newest version of TrialMaster will enhance our ability to broaden our product line. As we grow, we expect some benefit from economies of scale by leveraging our current infrastructure over an expanded operation. 21 Table of Contents Provide EDC Services to Small and Midsize Pharmaceutical, Bio-Technology, Medical Device Companies and CROs (Clinical Research Organizations). In considering new markets, we focus on service to markets that are underserved. In determining which markets to select, we analyzed the size of the potential market and concluded that providing service to small and mid-sized firms provides a substantial marketing opportunity. These firms conduct many thousands of clinical trials annually. Most do not have the technological or financial wherewithal to develop a product like TrialMaster and often prefer working with small companies themselves. Yet, the advantages of EDC, such as quick trial deployment, cost-savings and more rapid Go/No-Go decisions are just as crucial to this size firm as to their Fortune 500 competitors. Penetrating the CRO market is an important component of our strategic plan. By emphasizing CRO partnerships we are able to add a significant number of potential users for our products and services since outsourcing clinical trials in the US market is an established practice. From 2005 to 2007 we increased the percentage of our revenues coming from CROs by approximately 131%. There is an industry-wide emphasis in establishing strategic relationships with CROs. In addition, CRO partnerships allow us to leverage the selling and marketing capabilities of the CRO itself. Because of our relatively small sales force and limited resources, this strategy allowed us to augment our selling efforts in a cost-effective manner by forging long-term strategic relationships. Our CRO partners gain the ability to manage the EDC decision making process proactively and add an extension to their line of products. We initiated the marketing of our CRO Preferred Program in early 2007. The CRO Preferred Program offers fixed pricing and pay-as-you-go Hosted Services. To date we have entered into approximately 20 marketing partnerships with CROs as part of the CRO Preferred Program. Differentiate Through Service . We believe that a key to our initial and long-term success is that we offer customers a robust EDC product and a distinctive experience that includes highly efficient integration with data imports and exports, quick set-up times and a growing list of TrialMaster enhancements. We strive to communicate openly and honestly with customers about their projects, especially when we believe that process improvements can be implemented to improve the overall EDC experience. Unlike most EDC providers, we have a policy of not charging clients for small, incidental changes that should be part of the EDC service in the first place. Based on customer feedback, we believe our service is an important reason why our customers choose us over other EDC providers. In 2004, we continued to improve our customers’ EDC experience by adding a Phase I version of TrialMaster. In 2005 we added TrialMaster Archive, a self-contained program that allows our client to view all of its trial data in the format that it was captured in and TrialMaster Safety, our pharmacovigilance database which accommodates both the MedDRA ® dictionary and customized client dictionaries and is HIPAA and 21 CFR Part 11 compliant. During 2007, we began offering TrialMaster under a technology transfer (or licensed) model. This type of business model allows our clients to license our technology and more effectively leverage their internal technology infrastructure. We believe that this model will allow us to more effectively address the EDC needs of the largest pharmaceutical, bio-technology and CROs in the clinical trial industry. Also in 2007, we released our OC Connect TM solution (“OC Connect”). OC Connect integrates Oracle’s industry leading Clinical Data Management System (CDMS), Oracle Clinical, with TrialMaster. Most of the industry leading pharmaceutical, bio-technology and CROs use Oracle Clinical’s Global Library for storing all of their metadata standards for designing their clinical databases and case report forms. We believe our OC Connect product will allow us to penetrate the market of firm’s using Oracle Clinical who are seeking a more robust, flexible and integratable EDC product. Competitive Strengths Low Operating Costs. Our low intrinsic costs allow us to offer prices low enough to stimulate new demand and to attract customers away from higher-priced competitors. Some of the factors that contribute to our low costs are: • Our employees are productive . Because our employees are so productive, we are able to spread our fixed costs over a greater number of clinical trials. We achieve high employee productivity in several ways. Many of our employees are cross-trained to provide help in other functions when needed; our staff is tenured therefore avoiding the growing pains associated with new employment and as discussed, our software has been designed to be flexible and customizable thereby reducing our COGS. • We emphasize our recruiting and training programs . We take great care to hire and train employees who are enthusiastic and committed to serving our customers and we incentivize them to be productive. Our employee productivity is created through the effective use of advanced technology. For example, we have automated many of the trial building components that our competitors must still hard code for each project. Our compensation packages are designed to align the interests of our employees with our stockholders. 22 Table of Contents • TrialMaster is the Core of our product offerings . Our competitors have often added functionality to their products via acquisition or by merger. We feel strongly that our core product and programming methodology provide a flexible, customizable base for product and company expansion without the issues inherent in integrating products or software designed by other companies. Strong Company Culture. We believe that we have created a strong and vibrant service-oriented company culture, which is built around our key values: caring, integrity, innovation and passion. The first step is hiring people who are team-oriented and customer-focused. We reinforce our culture by communicating actively, on a regular basis, with all of our employees, keeping them informed about events at the Company and soliciting feedback for ways to improve teamwork and their working environment. Experienced Management Team. We are led by a management team with significant experience, including experience at international pharmaceutical companies and other EDC providers. Our President and Chief Executive Officer, Cornelis F. Wit, brings extensive worldwide pharmaceutical and general management experience to the Company. Randall G. Smith our Chairman and Chief Technology Officer is the primary architect of TrialMaster. Our Chief Financial Officer, Ronald T. Linares, has worked for publicly held companies as a Chief Financial Officer since 1994. Stephen E. Johnson, Executive Vice President of Marketing and Sales brings more than 18 years of clinical trials experience in sales management and business development to OmniComm. A. Kenneth Light, our Senior Vice President for Professional Services, has significant experience in implementing and managing large-scale software implementation and consulting engagements. Jesus. J. Rojas comes to OmniComm from the clinical trial development arena with over 11 years of experience in clinical trial research. Mr. Rojas is our Senior Vice President of Clinical Services and Support. We believe our management team provides us with a diversity of experience and talents with significant cross-functional industry experience. In addition to our management team, two of our board members, Matthew Veatch and Guus van Kesteren, have extensive worldwide pharmaceutical, EDC and CRO industry experience. Our Business Model We understand that each customer’s clinical trial support service needs can be very different from trial to trial and that each clinical team’s comfort level with EDC and trial management is unique. Our approach to satisfying the diverse needs of our customers is a “crawl, walk, run” approach to web-based services adoption. TrialMaster has historically been sold under an Application Service Provider (“ASP”) model, providing EDC and complementary services. However, with the release of TrialMaster V4.0 during 2007, our customers now have several business models available to them — ASP, Technology Transition and Technology Transfer. We continue to offer a fully hosted ASP model, but now also offer a Technology Transition model, designed to let the client bring study administration and set-up services in-house yet continue to host the solution with us and a complete Technology Transfer model for clients that want to bring all the technology in-house. This methodology allows our customers to use our services at their own pace, allowing us the flexibility to deliver eClinical solutions to a broader array of clinical trial sponsors. Under our ASP and Technology Transition models, mission critical data is housed in Cincinnati Bell’s e-business center, built within a hardened data center environment in Cincinnati, Ohio. For Technology Transfer engagements, OmniComm provides an array of implementation services such as installation, configuration, training, and validation support to assist our customers during the migration in-house. TrialMaster contracts provide for flexible pricing that is based on both the size and duration of the clinical trial. Size parameters for Hosted Services include the number of case report forms used to collect data and the number of sites utilizing TrialMaster. The client pays a trial setup fee based on the previously mentioned factors, and then pay an on-going maintenance fee for the duration of the clinical trial that provides software, network and site support during the trial. Generally, these contracts will range in duration from three months to five years. Setup fees are generally earned prior to the inception of a trial, however, the revenues are recognized in accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104 “Revenue Recognition” which requires that the revenues be recognized ratably over the life of the contract. The maintenance fee revenues are earned and recognized monthly. Costs associated with contract revenues are recognized as incurred. In the short-run this method of revenue recognition diminishes the revenues recognized on a periodic basis on our financial statements and obliges us to record a liability. In the long-run, we believe this backlog of “unrecognized” revenue, which are recorded as deferred revenues on our balance sheet, will provide our customers and investors revenue visibility and provide meaningful information on the size and scope of our selling efforts. 23 Table of Contents Pricing for Technology Transition and Technology Transfer is based on the transfer of a perpetual license and is based on the number of internal named users of the licensee and the volume of CRF pages collected annually. Under our Technology Transfer model there is also an annual maintenance charge incurred for hosting and hosting related services. As part of our Technology Transition and Technology Transfer model we will offer Professional and Consulting services. The scope of services includes installation, implementation, validation and training services related to the purchase of a TrialMaster license. In addition, our professional services team will provide consulting services aimed at helping our clients adopt “best practices” related to EDC use within their existing operations. Professional and consulting services will generally be offered on a time-an-billing basis. Our Software Products and Services TrialMaster EDC Solution The heart of OmniComm’s unique product offering begins with TrialMaster. TrialMaster, allows clinical trial Sponsors and investigative sites to easily and securely collect, validate, transmit and analyze clinical study data including patient histories, patient dosing, adverse events and other clinical trial related information. TrialMaster uses Internet technologies to conduct and manage clinical trial data from geographically dispersed sites. We provide EDC solutions and related value-added services to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, medical device companies, clinical research organizations (“CROs”), academic research institutions and other clinical trial sponsors. TrialMaster helps reduce the inefficiencies, inaccuracies and costs associated with paper-based clinical data collection methodologies that are traditionally employed at the remote sites where clinical trial participants are monitored. Through TrialMaster, our customers can deploy customized electronic case report forms for on-site clinical data input, which incorporate automated edit checking and deliver real-time data management capabilities previously unavailable through paper-based clinical trial data collection approaches. TrialMaster Features: • Designed using Microsoft’s .NET ® architecture • Drag and drop trial building that allows OmniComm to provide an efficient, easy to use trial building solution for internal and Technology Transfer or Technology Transition users • An extensive Library of re-usable forms allowing for more efficient and effective follow-on engagements • Encoded SSL Connection that provides for patient and clinical trial data security • A robust communications/administration system that includes powerful query resolution, trial participant notification and an integrated e-mail system • Pre-trial management and tracking of Institutional Review Board (“IRB”), U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) and laboratory documentation • Real-time query management, reporting and resolution • On-demand importing of CDISC, HL7, eDiary, Central/Core labs, IVRs, device, CTMS and dictionary data • Randomization solutions for patient enrollment and inventory tracking solutions for lot and drug shipment • Safety solutions to allow for serious adverse event (“SAE”) tracking and reporting with MedWatch capabilities • Integrated Ad-Hoc reporting is available through LogiXML with Wizard-driven report generation • Automated exports of data to client systems in various formats including SAS, CDISC, CSV, TAB, XML formats and Oracle Clinical formats • FDA Archive Submission ready casebook containing PDF formatted copies of all CRFs in FDA submission format • Comprehensive Services including a dedicated 21 CFR Part 11 compliant hosting environment at our secure hosting facility, on-site, Web-driven and eLearning training and 24 X 7 X 365 support 24 Table of Contents • OmniComm offers a “crawl, walk, run” approach to EDC adoption. We offer complete ASP hosting, Technology Transition or a complete Technology Transfer to allow for a smooth adoption of EDC. TrialMaster includes an adverse event reporting solution that helps customers comply with the complex global safety regulations and reporting deadlines associated with clinical research, post-approval marketing and drug surveillance by expediting the clinical evaluation and tracking of adverse events. Our customers can enter adverse event data from multiple sources, code, reconcile and analyze the data reports, and then submit required adverse event reports to regulatory authorities via electronic or paper-based methods. TrialMaster provides customers with near real-time visibility of adverse event data, thereby facilitating compliance with regulatory reporting deadlines and more timely identification of therapeutics that may pose risks to patients or not warrant further investment in research and development. TrialMaster Phase I ™ TrialMaster Phase I was designed during 2004 in order to address the unique data capture requirements of Phase I clinical trials. The TrialMaster Phase I application allows the client to capitalize on the benefits of EDC without overhauling and disrupting their Phase I clinic work flow processes. Unlike other applications, TrialMaster Phase I adapts to existing processes allowing clients to increase productivity, reduce trial time and improve data quality while reducing overall costs. TrialMaster Phase I Application Features: • A flexible EDC application for Phase I Trial implementation that would allow you to implement EDC locally (bedside) without modifying work flow processes. • Provides direct data entry (bedside) creating its own source documentation verification. • Provides Simultaneous Data Entry (multiple form entries at the same time) capability, thus eliminating potential confusion/errors at bedside. • Easily configurable to meet specific work flow process requirements within required timeframes. • Provides data extracts and reports available on demand without vendor involvement. • Provides a built in email communication and notification system so participants and sponsors are always in touch real time with the trial’s important events. • Provides remote Data Monitoring capability for expedited query resolution, real time AE review and improved site relationships. TrialMaster Phase I can be integrated into existing Phase I clinical work flows or can be used as a catalyst for change. TrialMaster Phase I benefits include: Improved productivity • Monitors have access to the data in real time from any location via the Internet. • All data entered into the system has been checked by the system “Edit Checks”, no gross errors will be included in the data. • Any data that is outside the normal range is been flagged by the system and the study staff will be asked to validate and explain the data. • The monitor can raise queries very quickly and these can be responded to by study staff in a rapid time frame using the EDC system. • Less time should be spent by the monitor on sites. • The time spent on sites will be more productive as “routine” queries have been raised and resolved before the visit. 25 Table of Contents Improved responsiveness • Data available in close to real-time to all Sponsor staff. • Better ability to report on and act on safety data during the trial. • Data Managers can be checking data as the study progresses and working closely with Monitors to ensure data integrity at all times. Improved data accuracy • Edit checks prevent gross errors. • Monitors can raise questions quickly, while the study staff is still available. Reduced end-to-end study time line • Reuse of standard components and enforced data standards will enable studies to be set up with fewer resources (and less time). • Decisions during a study can be made on the basis of more accurate up-to-date information. • Data base lock can be made within hours of last patient out. TrialMaster Phase I has enjoyed a significant amount of commercial success. We believe we are well positioned to bring value to our clients Phase I clinical trials. Because of the tight production cycles involved in Phase I clinical trials only flexible software solutions will be able to provide software solutions on an affordable, efficient basis. TrialMaster Phase I has been successfully deployed into this market. TrialMaster Archive™ (TMA) presents client data (post database lock) in TrialMaster browser view (tree configuration) delivered to the client via CD in a read-only format with the ability to export to study specific formats. TMA does not require any software installation and affords our clients and the FDA the ability to review clinical trial data by: trial, site, patient, visit, and form parameters. Formats available are read-only and print-friendly, with and without audit trails. A PDF version of the above data is also available. All completed forms are delivered on CD, sorted by site, subject and visit, in the same configuration as the Browse tab within TrialMaster. The form status icons are displayed in the same manner as a live EDC study. The trial sponsor receives a CD with data for all sites, including final data exports in the formats their TrialMaster study used. Each site is provided with a CD with just their site data. The program is self-contained , so no software is needed to view the CD, there are no minimum system requirements and no internet connection is required. In 2005, we developed a FDA Submission Module within TMA. This Module creates a Casebook containing PDF formatted copies of all CRFs in FDA submission format. This Casebook is fully tabbed and bookmarked making it easy to find and view particular CRFs. The Submission Module is an optional component used in conjunction with our TrialMaster Archive product. TrialMaster Safety™ As part of our clinical suite of clinical trial solutions, we offer TrialMaster Safety as our Pharmacovigilance database. Linked to TrialMaster, TrialMaster Safety accommodates both the MedDRA ® and WHO-Drug dictionaries and is HIPAA and 21 CFR Part 11 compliant. TrialMaster Safety features include: • Provides for the coding and storing of serious adverse event (“SAE”) information either in a manually entered mode directly into a web-based form or automatically from event-driven information from a clinical study EDC System such as TrialMaster. The import module is vendor-independent and can be configured to accept sources of SAE information other than that from a clinical study or TrialMaster. • Provides inventory tracking of trial components and automatic notifications when certain trigger events occur. • Generates electronic Data Clarification Forms (“DCFs”) / queries to assist faster case closure. • Generates client-requested reports, including investigator notification of expedited safety reports. • Generates and pre-fills MEDWatch forms for US reporting or CIOMS form for reporting in the rest of the world. • Allows electronic reporting of SUSARs and generates listing for annual safety reports in compliance with the European Union Clinical Trials Directive. • Allows for optional use of TrialMaster’s powerful Ad Hoc reporting tool that offers end-users the ability to develop custom analysis and reports. Ad Hoc can be integrated into the TrialMaster Safety application, providing a powerful analysis tool for clinicians and or sponsors. By providing this functionality, the end-user is able to query any data variable or group of data contained in the database and can generate and save custom reports, including charts and graphs, with little knowledge of the underlying databases. 26 Table of Contents TrialMaster Version 4.0 TrialMaster V4.0, which was introduced in early 2007, enables us to provide EDC on both an ASP and licensed basis. Version 4.0 incorporates TrialBuilder which is a more user friendly way to build studies. TrialBuilder which uses drag and drop features and enables us to offer TrialMaster on a Tech Transfer basis since the trial building process does not require software developers or use complex software coding. Version 4.0 is also built with the Microsoft .NET architecture making it easier to integrate with external applications, such as Oracle Clinical. With V4.0, we now have the ability to offer larger pharmaceutical, CRO, medical device and governmental clients a migration strategy that will allow them to implement a Technology Transfer model in which they bring the data servers, along with the study set-up and administration in-house. OC Connect™ Our OC Connect solution integrates Oracle’s industry leading Clinical Data Management System (“CDMS”), Oracle Clinical, with OmniComm’s EDC solution, TrialMaster. One of the biggest advantages that Oracle Clinical offers is its ability to scale and store large volumes of clinical and clinical related data. Many companies continue to use Oracle Clinical’s Global Library for storing all of their metadata standards for designing their clinical databases and case report forms. However, when these companies move to EDC, they typically have to rebuild their global library within their EDC system. With OC Connect, those companies can now load all or part of their global library directly into TrialMaster. Standards can continue to be maintained in Oracle Clinical and leveraged in TrialMaster, thereby maintaining consistency across their clinical applications. Building studies in TrialMaster can now be done using the same global library objects that exist in Oracle Clinical, simply by importing all or parts of the global library directly into TrialMaster. Companies can therefore significantly decrease the amount of time it takes to set up a clinical trial in their TrialMaster EDC system by leveraging those standards that are defined in their Oracle Clinical global library. Services Our services include delivery of our hosted solutions and the Technology Transfer of TrialMaster, consulting services, customer support and training and the delivery of implementation services for Technology Transfer, including installation, configuration, validation and training. The primary consulting services we offer for both ASP and Technology Transfer engagements include: • Custom Configuration. The TrialMaster EDC platform is flexible and allows for major reconfiguration. Each trial can be designed to suit specific client workflows and trial design. TrialMaster includes a clinical trial management system (CTMS), Drug Supply, Safety and Randomization options that can simplify the trial management experience. • System Integration. We help our clients integrate TrialMaster with existing systems or external systems (Patient Diaries, Medical Devices, and Labs etc). We analyze their legacy systems and data management needs in order to decide how to most efficiently integrate EDC. • SOPs and implementation assistance. Our Client Services and Support personnel can be engaged to write an implementation plan designed to effectively integrate with TrialMaster. We can also write standard operating procedures (SOPs) to help client staff clearly understand their roles in using TrialMaster to conduct trial activities. We can also analyze and document business processes to determine where greater operating efficiency may be gained. • Database setup. To get the most out of the TrialMaster system, it is necessary to set up basic information such as users, permissions, sites, study protocol definitions, documents, dictionaries, integration and budgets. We provide personnel who support the implementation of TrialMaster. • Training. OmniComm provides extensive hands-on TrialMaster training classes. Training classes can be conducted at a sponsor location, at an investigator meeting or at an investigator site. OmniComm also offers eLearning and web-driven learning programs. 27 Table of Contents The primary consulting services we offer for Technology Transfers include: Installation. There are various architectures for deploying a secure EDC solution to remote investigator sites. This service explores different security, performance and system management alternatives and helps the client design and install an optimal solution to meet your their needs. Configuration and Study Setup. We ensure that the Trial Master set-up is configured optimally to handle the design, capture, and management of site based data. We help our clients design their initial EDC trial(s) so that common standards and business rules are in place to support the unique challenges that apply to site based data capture and electronic CRF. Ultimately, we believe this will promote reuse of forms and clinical trial procedures and shorten study setup time for future engagements. Validation. We offer a validation test kit that includes test cases and documentation to completely validate the installation of TrialMaster against regulatory requirements. Industry Background The EDC industry is poised for widespread adoption over the next few years in both the domestic and international clinical trial market. Industry experts anticipate an enormous transition towards EDC in the next 5 years with estimates from firms such as CenterWatch and Covance placing EDC use above 80% by the year 2010. Furthermore, industry and regulatory trends have led pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device companies to increase R & D for proprietary new drugs and medical devices. These trends have required companies to conduct increasingly complex clinical trials, and develop multinational clinical trial capability, while seeking to control costs. Concurrently, demand for simplified integration and improved collaboration has driven EDC vendors to develop broader eClinical trial suites to give sponsors shorter, less costly trials and give investigators easier ways to execute and manage them. In the past two years, the US Food and Drug Administration’s (“FDA”) critical path initiative, the emergence of interoperability standards, and proliferation of Web-based architectures have made the value of eClinical trials more tangible to trial sponsors and investigators. We believe the pace of eClinical trial adoption will increase because: • Web-based eClinical products and services provide demonstrable benefits to clinical trial sponsors. • CROs and vendors pass on cost savings to make electronic trials more attractive. • Real-time Clinical trial metrics and data visibility help streamline clinical studies and can help shorten project timelines. • More accurate clinical data improves safety monitoring, and helps improve the decision making process. We believe that certain industry and regulatory trends summarized below have led pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device companies to increase R & D for proprietary new drugs and medical devices. These trends have required companies to conduct increasingly complex clinical trials, and develop multinational clinical trial capability, while seeking to control costs. Increasing Cost Containment Pressures . The increasing pressure to control rising health care costs, and the penetration of managed health care and health care reform, have caused changes in the pharmaceutical, medical device and biotechnology industries. Managed Care . Managed care providers and insurance carriers have become major participants in the delivery of pharmaceuticals along with pharmacy benefits organizations. These companies are seeking to lower and control the prices of drugs and devices. Generic Drug Effect . Competition from generic drugs following patent expiration has resulted in increasing market pressure on profit margins. Increasingly Complex and Stringent Regulation . Increasingly complex and stringent regulatory requirements have increased the volume and quality of data required for regulatory filings and escalated the demand for real- time, high- accuracy data collection and analysis during the drug development process. Reducing Drug Development Time Requirements . To reduce costs, maintain market share and speed revenue production, pharmaceutical, medical device and biotechnology companies face increasing pressure to bring new drugs to market in the shortest possible time. 28 Table of Contents New Drug Development Pressures . To respond to the demand for products for an aging population and for the treatment of chronic disorders and life-threatening conditions, research and development expenditures have increased as a result of the constant pressure to develop and patent new therapies. Growth of Biotechnology Industry . The biotechnology industry and the number of drugs produced by it which require FDA approval have grown substantially over the past decade. These trends have created even greater competitive demands on the industry to bring products to market efficiently and quickly. Market Opportunity Clinical trials are the critical component in bringing a drug or medical device to market. All prescription drug and medical device therapies must undergo extensive testing as part of the regulatory approval process. Many clinical trials continue to be conducted in an antiquated manner and fail to optimize the resources available for a successful clinical trial. We believe that our solutions significantly reduce costs, improve data quality and expedite results. The data integrity, system reliability, management control and auditable quality of TrialMaster will aid clinical trial sponsors that want to improve clinical trial efficiencies, speed-up results and ensure regulatory compliance. In order for a drug or medical device to be marketed in the United States, Europe or Japan, the drug or device must undergo extensive testing and regulatory review to determine that it is safe and effective. The regulatory review process for new drugs and devices is time consuming and expensive. A new drug application (“NDA”) can take up to two years before the FDA approves it. This is in addition to five to nine years of studies required to provide the data to support the NDA. The amount of money and time currently spent on clinical trials is enormous. The following points are illustrative of clinical trial industry dynamics: • Drug companies lose as much as $32.9 million in potential revenue for each day a trial is delayed on a blockbuster drug such as Lipitor ® . • Of 5,000 screened chemical compounds approximately 250 enter preclinical testing, 5 enter clinical testing and only one is approved by the FDA to be marketed to consumers • According to a 2004 Thompson CenterWatch report, the average drug approved for sale by the FDA cost approximately $1.13 Billion to bring to market. Included in the above cost analysis of bringing a new medicine to market are expenses of project failures and the impact that long development times have on investment costs. The estimate also accounts for out-of-pocket discovery and preclinical development costs, post-approval marketing studies and the cost of capital. Lengthening development times caused by complex disease targets and a more intensive regulatory process have more than tripled the cost of developing a drug over the past 15 years. The estimates which were published as part of a 2001 Tufts University study cite that many factors are driving up development costs, including a greater emphasis on developing treatments for chronic diseases, the increasing size of trials and the rising cost of recruiting subjects. We believe that success in the EDC market is predicated on several criteria. As the industry grows and matures the ability of participants to fulfill the varied needs of clinical trial sponsors becomes more critical to achieving operational and financial success. These success criteria include: • Deployment options . Successful EDC vendors provide clinical trial sponsors flexibility in choosing whether to deploy EDC on an ASP, Technology Transfer or Technology Transition basis. The ultimate criteria for selection of the means of technology delivery is often predicated on the size of the clinical trial sponsor. • Interoperability . Most clinical trial sponsors have invested in other technology platforms to run their trials. These include clinical data management systems, interactive voice response systems and Central Labs. The ability for an EDC solution to integrate with existing technology platforms is a key decision making factor. • Scalability . The ability to scale the EDC solutions to absorb additional projects seamlessly is important to trial sponsors. Scalable solutions will retain their speed and performance metrics as projects and engagements increase in size. • Migration from hosted to technology transfer solutions . When clinical trial sponsors decide to bring the EDC services and solutions in-house it is vital that they do not experience a degradation of speed, performance or system reliability. 29 Table of Contents • Flexibility . The more robust EDC systems will be designed to provide the ability to increase functionality and guarantee interoperability with other industry technology solutions. As the industry and technology matures clinical trial sponsors will demand new functionality without loss of performance or reliability. • Vendor stability . EDC vendors should be able to demonstrate a viable business model, and financial structure that can sustain a long-term relationship with clinical trial sponsors. • Systematic adoption of best practices . EDC vendors will be expected to assimilate best-practice workflows and process tools. • Professional services . The adoption and implementation of EDC into a clinical trial environment requires significant financial, technical and human resource investment on the part of clinical trial sponsors. A robust offering of professional services that fully integrate with the technological EDC offerings will be considered an integral part of any EDC purchase. Market Trends Industry analysts, including Health Industry Insights, have identified several important issues driving the EDC marketplace. These trends include: • Spending on EDC solutions is expected to increase at a 14.7% compound annual growth rate (CAGR) and total more than $6.0 billion from 2006 – 2010. • 2007 was expected to mark a tipping point, as the market was expected to experience a burst in acceleration, from 6.5% to 13.3% in the EDC adoption growth rate. • By the end of 2007, nearly half (45%) of all new Phase I-III studies will be initiated using EDC. • In 2009, eclinical spending, which includes EDC services and products, is expected to exceed $1.5 Billion. • Starting in 2007, enterprise licensing and EDC subscription delivery models, as well as the rise of fierce competition enabled by data interchange standards such as CDISC, will significantly decrease pricing in large Phase II and Phase III studies. Our Customers As of May 9, 2008 we had approximately 55 customers, including several Fortune 1000 companies and had entered into 55 new business transactions during fiscal 2007. Our representative customers include pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical device, academic research institutions, CROs and other clinical trial sponsors. A sample of our customers includes: Trial Sponsor Sponsor Type Anacor Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceutical W. L. Gore Medical Device Optimer Pharmaceuticals Biopharmaceutical Columbia University (InChoir) Academic Catalyst Pharmaceuticals Contract Research Organization Ventracor International Medical Device Sales and Marketing We sell our products through a direct sales force and through our relationships with CROs. Our marketing efforts to-date have focused on increasing market awareness of our firm and products. These efforts have primarily been comprised of attendance and participation in industry conferences and seminars. A primary focus of our future marketing efforts will be to continue increasing our market penetration and market awareness. Our efforts during 2008 will include: increasing the number of sales personnel employed; increasing our attendance and marketing efforts at industry conferences and increasing our direct sales force in Europe. As of May 9, 2008 our sales and marketing function consisted of eight field sales personnel and product marketing specialists. In addition, the efforts of our CEO and Chairman are directed at both business development and strategic planning issues. 30 Table of Contents Research and Development Our ability to compete within the EDC industry is predicated on our ability to continue enhancing and broadening the scope of solutions offered through TrialMaster. Our R & D efforts are focused on developing new, complementary software solutions, as well as enhancing our existing software solutions through the addition of increased functionality. Our development of TrialMaster and its subsequent improvements and refinements have been handled by our in-house staff of developers. Our philosophy towards software development has been to design and implement all of our solutions through in-house development. We expect future R & D efforts to be aimed at broadening the scope of TrialMaster functionality. These efforts may include select strategic alliances with best-in-class software and service partners possessing clinical trial industry experience. During fiscal 2007, we spent approximately $917,000 on R & D activities, the majority of which represented salaries to our developers. In fiscal 2006 we spent approximately $742,000 on R & D activities, the majority of which represents salaries to our programmers and developers. Intellectual Property Our success and ability to compete are dependent on our efforts to develop and maintain the proprietary aspects of our technology. We rely upon a combination of trademark, trade secret, copyright and unfair competition laws, as well as contractual provisions, to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. In addition, we attempt to protect our intellectual property and proprietary information by requiring our employees and consultants to enter into confidentiality, non-competition and assignment of inventions agreements. These legal protections afford only limited protection for our technology. We are in the process of registering several trademarks in the United States. We cannot predict whether these trademark registrations will provide meaningful protection. Additionally, trademark applications have been filed for various key components of our TrialMaster products and services. Our agreements with employees, consultants and others who participate in development activities could be breached. We may not have adequate remedies for any breach, and our trade secrets may otherwise become known or independently developed by our competitors or other third parties. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States and effective copyright, patent, trademark and trade secret protection may not be available in those jurisdictions. Due to rapid technological change, we believe that factors such as the technological and creative skills of our personnel, new product and service developments and enhancements to existing products and services are more important than the various legal protections of our technology to establish and maintain a technology leadership position. We currently hold several domain names, including the domain names “omnicomm.com” and “trialmaster.com”. Additionally, legislative proposals have been made by the U.S. federal government that would afford broad protection to owners of databases of information, such as stock quotes. The protection of databases already exists in the European Union. The adoption of legislation protecting database owners could have a material adverse effect on our business, requiring us to develop additional, complex data protection features for our software products. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our software solutions or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. The laws of many countries do not protect our proprietary rights to as great an extent as do the laws of the United States. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Any such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. There can be no assurance that our means of protecting our proprietary rights will be adequate or that our competitors will not independently develop similar technology. Any failure to meaningfully protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. Competition The market for electronic data collection, data management and adverse event reporting systems is highly competitive, rapidly evolving, fragmented and is subject to changing technology, shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new products and services. We compete with systems and paper-based processes utilized by existing or prospective customers, as well as other commercial vendors of EDC applications, clinical data management systems and adverse event reporting software, including: • systems developed internally by existing or prospective customers; • vendors of EDC, clinical trial management systems and adverse event reporting product suites, including Oracle Clinical, a business unit of Oracle Corporation and PhaseForward, Inc.; 31 Table of Contents • vendors of stand-alone EDC, data management and adverse event reporting products; and • CROs with internally developed EDC, clinical data management systems or adverse event reporting systems. Our ability to remain competitive will depend to a great extent upon our ongoing performance in the areas of product development, customer support and service delivery. We believe that the principal competitive factors in our market include the following: • product functionality and breadth of integration among the EDC, clinical trial management systems and adverse event reporting solutions; • reputation and financial stability of the vendor; • low total cost of ownership and demonstrable benefits for customers; • depth of expertise and quality of consulting and training services; • performance, security, scalability, flexibility and reliability of the solutions; • speed and ease of implementation and integration; and • sales and marketing capabilities and the quality of customer support. We believe that our technical expertise, the knowledge and experience of our principals in the industry, quality of service, responsiveness to client needs and speed in delivering solutions will allow us to compete favorably within this market. Further, we believe that none of the aforementioned companies have developed an approach to the clinical trial process that is as flexible and customizable as TrialMaster. However, many of our competitors and potential competitors have greater name recognition, longer operating histories and significantly greater resources. There can be no assurance that our current or prospective competitors will not offer or develop products or services that are superior to, or that achieve greater market acceptance than, our products and services. Government Regulation The conduct of clinical trials is subject to regulation and regulatory guidance associated with the approval of new drugs, biological products and medical devices imposed upon the clinical trial process by the U.S. federal government and related regulatory authorities such as the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA and by foreign governments. Use of our software products, services and hosted solutions by entities engaged in clinical trials must be done in a manner that is compliant with these regulations and regulatory guidance. Failure to do so could have an adverse impact on a clinical trial sponsor’s ability to obtain regulatory approval of new drugs, biological products or medical devices. If our product and service offerings fail to allow our customers and potential customers to operate in a manner that is compliant with applicable regulations and regulatory guidance, clinical trial sponsors and other entities conducting clinical research may be unwilling to use our software products, services and hosted solutions. Accordingly, we design our product and service offerings to allow our customers and potential customers to operate in a manner that is compliant with applicable regulations and regulatory guidance. We also expend considerable time and effort monitoring regulatory developments that could impact the use of our products and services by our customers and use this information in designing or modifying our product and service offerings. The following is an overview of some of the regulations that our customers and potential customers are required to comply with in the conduct of clinical trials. The clinical testing of drugs, biologics and medical devices is subject to regulation by the FDA and other governmental authorities worldwide. The use of software during the clinical trial process must adhere to the regulations and regulatory guidance known as Good Clinical Practices, other various codified FDA regulations, the Consolidated Guidance for Industry from the International Conference on Harmonization regarding Good Clinical Practice for Europe, Japan and the United States and other guidance documents. Our products, services and hosted solutions are developed using our domain expertise and are designed to allow compliance with applicable rules or regulations. In addition to the aforementioned regulations and regulatory guidance, the FDA has developed regulations and regulatory guidance concerning electronic records and electronic signatures. The regulations, codified as 21 CFR Part 11, are interpreted for clinical trials in a guidance document titled Computerized Systems Used in Clinical Trials. This regulatory guidance stipulates that computerized systems used to capture or manage clinical trial data must meet certain standards for attributability, accuracy, retrievability, traceability, inspectability, validity, security and dependability. Other guidance documents have been issued that also help in the interpretation of 21 CFR Part 11. 32 Table of Contents Regulation of the use and disclosure of personal medical information is complex and growing. Federal legislation in the United States, known as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, imposes a number of requirements on the use and disclosure of “protected health information” which is individually identifiable, including standards for the use and disclosure by the health care facilities and providers who are involved in clinical trials. HIPAA also imposes on these healthcare facilities and providers standards to assure the confidentiality of health information stored or processed electronically, including a series of administrative, technical and physical security procedures. This may affect us in several ways. Many users of our products and services are directly regulated under HIPAA and, to the extent our products cannot be utilized in a manner that is consistent with the users’ HIPAA compliance requirements, our products will likely not be selected. In addition, we may be directly affected by HIPAA and similar state privacy laws. Under HIPAA, to the extent we perform functions or activities on behalf of customers that are directly regulated by such medical privacy laws, such customers may be required to obtain satisfactory assurance, in the form of a written agreement, that we will comply with a number of the same HIPAA requirements. Business Segments and Geographic Information We view our operations and manage our business as one operating segment. Our sales to date have been generated almost exclusively from U.S. based clients. TrialMaster has been deployed in clinical trials conducted both domestically in the U.S. and internationally in Europe, Asia, Africa and Australia. We have entered into a strategic alliance with a Clinical Research Organization in the Pacific Rim and began operations in Europe through our wholly owned subsidiary OmniComm Europe, BV. During 2007, we expanded our European operations by creating a subsidiary in Germany, OmniComm Europe, GmbH. Employees We currently have 82 full time employees of which four are executives, three are administrative, 61 are programmers, engineers or technology specialists, four are technology and systems managers and ten are in sales and marketing. We employ 66 employees out of our headquarters in Fort Lauderdale, Florida and seven field sales and marketing employees in California, Pennsylvania, New York, Texas and North Carolina. We also employ a technology specialist in New Jersey. Our wholly-owned subsidiary, OmniComm Europe, GmbH, employs nine employees in Bonn, Germany. We believe that relations with our employees are good. None of our employees is represented by a collective bargaining agreement. Description of Property Our principal executive offices are located in commercial office space in approximately 10,200 square feet at 2101 West Commercial Blvd, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, and our telephone number is (954) 473-1254. We lease these offices under the terms of a lease expiring in July 2011. Our annual rental payment under this lease is approximately $268,000 plus sales tax. Our secondary data site, which serves as our primary disaster recovery location, is located in Cincinnati, Ohio and is leased from Cincinnati Bell Technology Solutions. We lease this space under the terms of a lease expiring in February 2010. We expect our annual lease payment to be approximately $32,000 plus sales tax. We maintain a business-continuity site for disaster recovery purposes in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida. We lease from our landlord, Gold Coast 1-Vault, an office suite and cubicles that will allow us to maintain operations in the event of a disaster. Our annual rental payment is $27,000 plus sales tax. This lease expires in July 2010. We believe these facilities and additional or alternative space available to us will be adequate to meet our needs for the foreseeable future. Legal Proceedings None. 33 Table of Contents MANAGEMENT The following individuals are our executive officers and the members of our Board of Directors. Each director is elected at our annual meeting of stockholders and holds office until the next annual meeting of stockholders, or until his or her successor is elected and qualified. Our by-laws permit the Board of Directors to fill any vacancy and such director may serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders or until his or her successor is elected and qualified. The Board of Directors elects officers annually and their terms of office are at the discretion of the board. Person Age Position Cornelis F. Wit 61 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Randall G. Smith 50 Chairman and Chief Technology Officer Ronald T. Linares 45 Chief Financial Officer Stephen E. Johnson 43 Chief Operating Officer Jesus J. Rojas 41 Senior Vice President, Clinical Support and Services Guus van Kesteren 67 Director Matthew D. Veatch 37 Director Fernando Montero 61 Director Cornelis F. Wit . Mr. Wit has been a member of our Board of Directors since November 1999, and CEO and President since June of 2002. Mr. Wit was interim CEO from June to July 2000. Mr. Wit was the President of Corporate Finance at Noesis Capital Corp, Boca Raton, Florida, an NASD member firm, from March 1995 until September 2000. Prior to 1994, Mr. Wit was the CEO for DMV, USA, the American subsidiary for Campina Melkunie, a Dutch multi-billion dollar food and pharmaceutical ingredient company. Mr. Wit served as Vice President International Operations for Duphar, a pharmaceutical company in Holland. Mr. Wit graduated from Nyenrode, a business university in Holland. Randall G. Smith . Mr. Smith has been an executive officer and member of our Board of Directors since 1997, serving as President and Chief Technology Officer from May 1997 until August 2000 and thereafter as our Chairman and Chief Technology Officer. From December 1995 to May 1997, Mr. Smith was Director of Operations for Global Communications Group. Mr. Smith received a B.S. from Purdue University. Ronald T. Linares . Mr. Linares has served as our Chief Financial Officer since April 2000. Prior to joining us, from 1996 until 1999, Mr. Linares was Chief Financial Officer of First Performance Corp., a financial consulting firm, and from 1992 to 1996, Mr. Linares served in various senior financial positions within the Kenny Rogers Roasters Company including Chief Financial Officer of Foodquest, Inc. from 1994 to 1996. Mr. Linares received a B.S. from the University of Florida and a Masters in Public Accountancy from Barry University. Stephen E. Johnson . Mr. Johnson has served as Chief Operating Officer for the company since April 1,2008. Prior to that Mr. Johnson Served as Executive Vice President, National Sales beginning in September 2006. Prior to that Mr. Johnson served as East Coast and Central U.S. Sales Manager for Oracle Corporation, supplier of software for enterprise information management, within its Clinical Applications Division from 2000 to August 2006. Mr. Johnson received his B.S in Microbiology from the University of Massachusetts. Jesus J. Rojas . Mr. Rojas has served as our Senior Vice President for Clinical Support and Services since August 2006 and as our Vice President of Project Management from April 2006 to August 2006. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Rojas served as Executive Director of Clinical Operations from February ,2004 to January 2006 and Associate Director for Clinical Operations from July 1999 to February, 2004 for SFBC International, an international drug development services company. Guus van Kesteren . Mr. van Kesteren has been a member of our Board of Directors since November 1999. Since 1996, Mr. van Kesteren has been a consultant to Noesis Capital Corp., a NASD member firm. Prior thereto, he was employed from 1972 until 1996 by Johnson & Johnson in various capacities, holding the position of Vice President International from 1985 until 1996 with responsibility for the Australasian subsidiaries. Mr. van Kesteren graduated from Nyenrode, a business university in Holland. Matthew D. Veatch. Mr. Veatch has been a member of our Board of Directors since February 2004. From 1999 to 2002 and again in 2003 to the present Mr. Veatch has been employed as a Director for Quintiles Transnational, a global leader in contract product development and commercialization services. Currently Mr. Veatch is the co-founder and Senior Director of the Public Health and Government Services division. From 1992 to 1999 Mr. Veatch was employed at a leading academic medical center as well as CRO and SMO organizations; his clinical research career spans more than 14 years. During 2002 Mr. Veatch was employed as a Director for CB Technologies, an EDC provider to pharmaceutical, medical device and biotechnology companies. Mr. Veatch graduated in the life sciences from the University of Colorado at Boulder and received his MBA in international business from California State University, Dominguez Hills (Los Angeles). 34 Table of Contents Fernando Montero. Mr. Montero has been a member of our Board of Directors since July 2007. Since 1998, Mr. Montero has been President of Mentor Capital Corporation, an investment management firm involved in listed securities and private equity in the United States and Latin America. Prior to his engagement with Mentor Capital Corporation, Mr. Montero was President of Hanseatic Corporation in New York from 1989 to 1997. Mr. Montero was also Minister of Energy and Mines of Perú from 1982 to 1983 and Deputy Minister of Energy and Mines of Perú from 1980 to 1982. Mr. Montero earned his MBA from the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania. There are no family relationships among any of the Company’s Directors or Executive Officers. Director Independence; Committees of our Board of Directors Our Board of Directors established a Governance and Nominating Committee, Compensation Committee and an Audit Committee. From time to time, the Board of Directors may establish additional committees. Audit Committee. The Company has an audit committee established in accordance with section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for the engagement of our independent public accountants, approves services rendered by our accountants, reviews the activities and recommendations of our internal audit department, and reviews and evaluates our accounting systems, financial controls and financial personnel. The Board has previously adopted a written charter for the Audit Committee on April 24, 2003. The Audit Committee is presently composed of Mr. van Kesteren and Mr. Montero. Mr. Montero is Chairman of the Audit Committee. Each member of the Audit Committee is independent, as independence for audit committee members is defined in the listing standards of The NASDAQ Stock Market, Inc. Mr. Montero is our “audit committee financial expert” within the meaning of Item 401(e) of Regulation S-B. In general, an “audit committee financial expert” is an individual member of the audit committee or Board of Directors who: • understands generally accepted accounting principles and financial statements, • is able to assess the general application of such principles in connection with accounting for estimates, accruals and reserves, • has experience preparing, auditing, analyzing or evaluating financial statements comparable to the breadth and complexity to our financial statements, • understands internal controls over financial reporting, and • understands audit committee functions. Compensation Committee . The Compensation Committee establishes and administers our executive compensation practices and policies, reviews the individual elements of total compensation for elected officers and recommends salary adjustments to the Board of Directors. In addition, the Committee determines the number of performance shares and other equity incentives awarded to elected officers and the terms and conditions on which they are granted, amends compensation plans within the scope of the Committee’s authority and recommends plans and plan amendments to the Board, sets company policy for employee benefit programs and plans and oversees administration of employee retirement plans and various other benefit plans as we may establish from time to time. The Committee consists of Mr. van Kesteren, Mr. Veatch and Mr. Montero. Please see Compensation, Discussion and Analysis for additional compensation related disclosures. 35 Table of Contents Governance and Nominating Committee: The Governance and Nominating Committee, established in 2002, reviews and makes recommendations to the Board of Directors with respect to: • the responsibilities and functions of the Board and Board committees and with respect to Board compensation, • the composition and governance of the Board, including recommending candidates to fill vacancies on, or to be elected or re-elected to, the Board, • candidates for election as Chief Executive Officer and other corporate officers, • monitoring the performance of the Chief Executive Officer and our plans for senior management succession, • reviewing and recommending the policies and procedures necessary for the effective management of our company, and • compliance with all Securities and Exchange Commission rules and regulations. The Committee uses various methods to identify director nominees. The Committee assesses the appropriate size and composition of the Board and the particular needs of the Board based on whether any vacancies are expected due to retirement or otherwise. Candidates may come to the attention of the Committee through current board members, stockholders, or other sources. All candidates are evaluated based on a review of the individual’s qualifications, skills, independence, and expertise. Our Governance and Nominating Committee, operates under a written charter which was adopted during calendar 2003. The charter is available for review on our website, www.omnicomm.com. Mr. Veatch is the only current member of the Governance and Nominating Committee. Each member of the Governance and Nominating Committee is independent, as independence is defined in the listing standards of The NASDAQ Stock Market, Inc. The Committee does consider nominees selected by our stockholders. Independent Directors Three of the members of our Board of Directors (Guus van Kesteren, Matthew D. Veatch, and Fernando Montero) are “independent” within the meaning of Marketplace Rule 4200 of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Identifying and Evaluating Director Nominees Working closely with the full Board, the Governance and Nominating Committee develops criteria for open Board positions, taking into account such factors as it deems appropriate, including, among others, the current composition of the Board, the range of talents, experiences and skills that would best complement those already represented on the Board, the balance of management and independent Directors and the need for financial or other specialized expertise. Applying these criteria, the Committee considers candidates for Board membership suggested by its members and other Board members, as well as management and shareholders. Once the Committee has identified a prospective nominee—whether the prospective nominee is recommended by a shareholder or otherwise—it makes an initial determination as to whether to conduct a full evaluation, taking into account the information provided to the Committee with the recommendation of the candidate as well as the Committee’s own knowledge, supplemented as appropriate by inquiries to third parties. The preliminary determination is based primarily on the need for additional Board members and the likelihood that the prospective nominee can satisfy the criteria that the Committee has established. If the Committee determines, in consultation with the Chairman of the Board and other Directors as appropriate, that additional consideration is warranted, it will gather additional information about the prospective nominee’s background and experience. The Committee then evaluates the prospective nominee against the specific criteria that it has established for the position. If the Committee decides, on the basis of its preliminary review, to proceed with further consideration, members of the Committee, as well as other members of the Board as appropriate, interview the nominee. After completing this evaluation and interview, the Committee makes a recommendation to the full Board, which makes the final determination whether to nominate or appoint the new Director after considering the Committee’s report. The Governance and Nominating Committee will consider director candidates submitted by stockholders addressed to: OmniComm Systems, Inc. Board of Directors, 2101 W. Commercial Blvd. Suite 4000, Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33309, Attention: Corporate Secretary. Such recommendations should be accompanied by (i) evidence of the stockholder’s stock ownership over the last year, (ii) a statement that the stockholder is not a competitor of OmniComm Systems, (iii) a resume and contact information for the director candidate, as well as a description of the candidate’s qualifications and (iv) a statement whether the candidate has expressed interest in serving as a director. The Committee follows the same process and uses the same criteria for evaluating candidates proposed by 36 Table of Contents stockholders as it does for candidates proposed by other parties. The Committee will consider such candidacy and will advise the recommending stockholder of its final decision. A stockholder who wishes to nominate a person for Director must provide the nomination in writing to the Secretary at the Company’s principal offices pursuant to the notice provisions in the By-laws. Such notice must be received not less than 60 nor more than 90 days prior to the Annual Meeting or, if less than 70 days’ notice of the date of such meeting has been given, then within 10 business days following the first public disclosure of the meeting date or the mailing of the Company’s notice. Any such notice must contain information regarding the nominee and the proponent. Details concerning the nature of such information are available without charge from us. Code of Ethics Effective March 1, 2003, our Board of Directors adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to, all of our employees and member of our Board of Directors. As adopted, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics sets forth written standards that are designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote: • honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships; • full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that we file with, or submit to, the Securities and Exchange Commission and in other public communications made by us; • compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations; • the prompt internal reporting of violations of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to an appropriate person or persons identified in the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; and • accountability for adherence to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics requires, among other things, that all of our company’s personnel shall be accorded full access to our President with respect to any matter that may arise relating to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Further, all of our company’s personnel are to be accorded full access to our company’s Board of Directors if any such matter involves an alleged breach of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by our President. In addition, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics emphasizes that all employees, and particularly managers and/or supervisors, have a responsibility for maintaining financial integrity within our company, consistent with generally accepted accounting principles, and federal, provincial and state securities laws. Any employee who becomes aware of any incidents involving financial or accounting manipulation or other irregularities, whether by witnessing the incident or being told of it, must report it to his or her immediate supervisor or to our company’s President. If the incident involves an alleged breach of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by the President, the incident must be reported to any member of our Board of Directors. Any failure to report such inappropriate or irregular conduct of others is to be treated as a severe disciplinary matter. It is against our company policy to retaliate against any individual who reports in good faith the violation or potential violation of our company’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by another. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics was filed as Exhibit D to our Proxy Statement dated June 4, 2003 with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will provide a copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to any person without charge, upon request. Requests can be sent to: OmniComm Systems, Inc., 2101 W. Commercial Blvd., Suite 4000, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33309. 37 Table of Contents Director Compensation The following table sets forth compensation information on each of the Directors of OmniComm Systems for their services as members of our Board of Directors for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007. Directors who are also employees receive no additional compensation for their services as a Director as of January 1, 2008. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) (1) Option Awards ($) (2) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Guus van Kesteren $ 0 $ $ 37,350 $ 0 $ 0 37,350 Matthew D. Veatch 0 37,350 0 0 37,350 Cornelis F. Wit 0 0 37,350 0 0 37,350 Randall G. Smith 0 0 37,350 0 0 37,350 Fernando Montero (3) 0 0 124,050 0 0 124,050 Simon P. Kooyman (4) 0 0 -0- 0 0 -0- (1) Grant Date Fair Value for all restricted stock awards is $8,000. (2) Grant Date Fair Value for option grants for Mr. van Kesteren, Mr. Wit, Mr. Smith and Mr. Veatch were $37,350 and $124,050 for Mr. Montero. (3) Mr. Montero was elected to the Board of Directors on July 27, 2007. (4) Mr. Kooyman did not stand for re-election at the 2007 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and his service as a Director concluded on May, 2007. We do not pay fees to directors for their attendance at meetings of the Board of Directors or committees; however, we may adopt a policy of making such payments in the future. We have not established standard compensation arrangements for our directors and the compensation payable, if any, to each individual for their service on our Board will be determined from time to time by our Board of Directors based upon the amount of time expended by each of the directors on our behalf. We will reimburse out-of-pocket expenses incurred by directors in attending board and committee meetings. Each new non-employee Director elected to the Board of Directors receives an initial grant of stock options on the day following the Director’s date of election or appointment. The vesting on these options occurs in one-third increments on our annual meeting date each year thereafter. Each year following our annual meeting of shareholders, non-employee Directors receive a grant of stock options. The vesting of the stock options stock grants occurs one year after the grant date. 38 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION CASH COMPENSATION TABLE The following table sets forth information relating to all compensation awarded to, earned by or paid by us during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007 to: (a) our chief (principal) executive officer; (b) each of our executive officers who was awarded, earned or we paid more than $100,000; and (c) up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been made in this table but for the fact that the individual was not serving as an executive officer of our company at December 31, 2007. The value attributable to any option awards is computed in accordance with FAS 123R. SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE N AME AND PRINCIPAL POSITION ( A ) Y EAR ( B ) S ALARY ($) ( C ) B ONUS ($) ( D ) S TOCK A WARDS ($) ( E ) O PTION A WARDS ($) ( F ) N ON -E QUITY I NCENTIVE P LAN C OMPENSATION ($) ( G ) N ONQUALIFIED D EFERRED C OMPENSATION E ARNINGS ($) ( H ) A LL O THER C OMPENSATION ($) ( I ) T OTAL ($) ( J ) Cornelis F. Wit, President, CEO and Director 2007 237,492 0 37,350 (2) 0 0 0 274,842 2006 229,397 0 8,000 (1) 26,475 (3) 0 0 0 263,872 Randall G. Smith, Chairman and CTO 2007 154,527 0 37,350 (5) 0 0 0 191,877 2006 224,449 0 8,000 (4) 28,120 (6) 0 0 0 260,569 Ronald T. Linares, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer 2007 195,608 0 46,453 (8) 0 0 0 242,061 2006 187,297 0 8,000 (7) 21,395 (9) 0 0 0 216,692 Jesus J. Rojas Senior Vice President (10) 2007 155,198 0 0 0 0 155,198 2006 90,269 0 0 267,400 (11) 0 357,669 Stephen E. Johnson, Chief Operating Officer (12) 2007 212,807 0 0 22,550 (14) 0 0 0 235,357 2006 66,188 0 0 218,650 (13) 0 0 0 284,838 (1) Mr. Wit was granted 20,000 shares of restricted stock during 2006 for service provided during fiscal 2005. (2) Mr. Wit was granted 75,000 stock options on April 24, 2007 at an exercise price of $0.61 per share. The options vested on April 24, 2008 and expire on April 24, 2014. The options will be cancelled 90 days following Mr. Wit’s termination or one year following his death, if not exercised. 39 Table of Contents (3) Mr. Wit was granted 75,000 incentive stock options on March 6, 2006 at an exercise price of $0.43 per share. The options vested immediately and expire on March 6, 2013. The options will be cancelled 90 days following Mr. Wit’s termination or one year following his death if not exercised. (4) Mr. Smith was granted 20,000 shares of restricted stock during 2006 for service provided during fiscal 2005. (5) Mr. Smith was granted 75,000 stock options on April 24, 2007 at an exercise price of $0.61 per share. The options vested on April 24, 2008 and expire on April 24, 2014. The options will be cancelled 90 days following Mr. Smith’s termination or one year following his death, if not exercised. (6) Mr. Smith was granted 75,000 incentive stock options on March 6, 2006 at an exercise price of $0.43 per share. The options vested immediately and expire on March 6, 2013. Mr. Smith was granted 5,000 incentive stock options on March 1, 2006 at an exercise price of $0.45 per share. The options vested immediately and expire on March 1, 2011. All of the granted options will be cancelled 90 days following Mr. Smith’s termination or one year following his death if not exercised. (7) Mr. Linares was granted 20,000 shares of restricted stock during 2006 for service provided during fiscal 2005. (8) Mr. Linares was granted 103,000 incentive stock options on December 29, 2007 at an exercise price of $0.64 per share. The options vest ratably on December 29, 2008 and December 29, 2009 and expire on December 29, 2013. (9) Mr. Linares was granted 50,000 incentive stock options on December 29, 2006, at an exercise price of $0.49 per share. The options vested immediately and expire on December 29, 2013. Mr. Linares was granted 5,000 incentive stock options on March 1, 2006 at an exercise price of $0.45 per share. The options vested immediately and expire on March 1, 2011. All of the granted options will be cancelled 90 days following Mr. Linares’ termination or one year following his death, if not exercised. (10) Mr. Rojas was appointed as our Senior Vice President of Clinical Services and Support on August 1, 2006. (11) Mr. Rojas was granted 35,000 incentive stock options on May 8, 2006, at an exercise price of $0.56 per share. The options vest on May 8, 2007 and expire on May 8, 2013. Mr. Rojas was granted 140,000 incentive and 410,000 non-qualified stock options on August 1, 2006, at an exercise price of $0.56 per share. The options vest as follows: 100,000 shares vested immediately, the remaining shares vest ratably over three years beginning on August 1, 2007 and expire in the aggregate on August 1, 2013. Mr. Rojas was granted 20,000 non-qualified stock options on December 29, 2006, at an exercise price of $0.49 per share. The options vested immediately and expire on December 29, 2013. All of the granted options will be cancelled 90 days following Mr. Rojas’ termination or one year following his death, if not exercised. (12) Mr. Johnson was appointed as our Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing on September 4, 2006. Mr. Johnson was appointed our Chief Operating Officer on April 1, 2008. (13) Mr. Johnson was granted 200,000 incentive and 250,000 non-qualified stock options on September 4, 2006, at an exercise price of $0.50 per share. The options vest ratably over three years beginning on September 4, 2007 and expire in the aggregate on September 4, 2015. Mr. Johnson was granted 50,000 incentive stock options on December 29, 2006, at an exercise price of $0.49 per share. The options vested immediately and expire on December 29, 2013. The options will be cancelled 90 days following Mr. Johnson’s termination or one year following his death, if not exercised. (14) Mr. Johnson was granted 50,000 incentive stock options on December 29, 2006 at an exercise price of $0.64 per share. The options vest ratably on December 29, 2008 and December 29, 2009 and expire on December 29, 2013. How we determine compensation for our officers . Salaries are administered to achieve a 50th percentile market rate, but vary by individual based on performance and other considerations. Bonus and Annual Incentive compensation cash payments also vary based on corporate, organizational unit and individual performance. We did not award Annual Incentive awards cash payments at the end of fiscal 2006. Approximately three employees of the Company and its subsidiaries are eligible for Annual Incentive awards based upon the achievement of corporate and individual goals established at the beginning of the year. Corporate goals are established by the Compensation Committee and the Board of Directors; individual goals are proposed by the CEO and the CTO, and recommended and approved by the Compensation Committee and, with respect to the CEO, approved by the Board of Directors. In 2006, certain executives and other key employees were awarded restricted stock which vested upon grant. Also in 2006, executives were awarded stock options with an exercise price 40 Table of Contents equal to the fair market value of our stock on the date of grant and vesting periods determined by the relative quantity of options granted. The number of restricted and option shares awarded were determined in accordance with a 50th percentile market rate long-term incentive compensation policy, with actual grants to individuals varying based on individual historic and expected performance. Retirement income benefits are provided by various pension and retirement benefit plans (see Compensation Discussion & Analysis). For 2006, we awarded some combination of restricted stock and stock options to five executive officers. Guidelines for determining the awards to Named Executive Officers were derived from long-term incentive target amounts established annually. Actual restricted stock and stock option grants in 2006 varied from the guideline number of shares to individual executives based on the executive’s contributions to the performance of the Company in 2005 and expected contributions in the future, as determined by the CEO. The 2006 restricted stock and stock option awards normally vest one-third each year after grant. Stock options were granted with an exercise price equal to the closing market value of our stock on the date the grant was approved by the Board of Directors. Restricted stock and stock option grants to Mr. Wit in 2006 were in accordance with terms of his employment contract. For 2007, we awarded some combination of restricted stock and stock options to two executive officers. Guidelines for determining the awards to Named Executive Officers were derived from long-term incentive target amounts established annually. Actual stock option grants in 2007 varied from the guideline number of shares to individual executives based on the executive’s contributions to the performance of the Company in 2007 and expected contributions in the future, as determined by the CEO. The 2007 restricted stock and stock option awards vest one-half each year beginning on the anniversary date of the grant. Stock options were granted with an exercise price equal to the closing market value of OmniComm Systems’ stock on the date the grant was approved by the Board of Directors. Stock option grants to Mr. Wit in 2006 were in accordance with terms of his employment contract. 41 Table of Contents OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END The following table provides information concerning unexercised options, stock that has not vested and equity incentive plan awards for each Named Executive Officer outstanding as of December 31, 2007: OPTION AWARDS STOCK AWARDS N AME N UMBER OF S ECURITIES U NDERLYING U NEXERCISED O PTIONS (#) E XERCISABLE N UMBER OF S ECURITIES U NDERLYING U NEXERCISED O PTIONS (#) U NEXERCISABLE E QUITY I NCENTIVE P LAN A WARDS : N UMBER OF S ECURITIES U NDERLYING U NEXERCISED U NEARNED O PTIONS (#) O PTION E XERCISE P RICE ($) O PTION E XPIRATION D ATE N UMBER OF S HARES OR U NITS OF S TOCK T HAT H AVE N OT V ESTED (#) M ARKET V ALUE OF S HARES OR U NITS OF S TOCK T HAT H AVE N OT V ESTED ($) E QUITY I NCENTIVE P LAN A WARDS : N UMBER OF U NEARNED S HARES , U NITS OR O THER R IGHTS THAT H AVE N OT V ESTED (#) E QUITY I NCENTIVE P LAN A WARDS : M ARKET OR P AYOUT V ALUE OF U NEARNED S HARES , U NITS OR O THER R IGHTS T HAT H AVE N OT V ESTED (#) (A) (B) (C) (D) (E) (F) (G) (H) (I) (J) Cornelis F. Wit, President, CEO and Director 5,000 0 0 $ 0.25 8/1/2008 0 0 0 0 175,000 0 0 $ 0.25 12/21/2009 0 0 0 0 75,000 0 0 $ 0.25 6/21/2010 0 0 0 0 175,000 0 0 $ 0.25 12/31/2010 0 0 0 0 175,000 0 0 $ 0.25 12/21/2012 0 0 0 0 200,000 0 0 $ 0.28 2/1/2013 0 0 0 0 200,000 0 0 $ 0.28 2/1/2013 0 0 0 0 200,000 0 0 $ 0.28 2/1/2013 0 0 0 0 0 75,000 0 $ 0.61 4/24/2014 0 0 0 0 75,000 0 0 $ 0.43 3/6/2013 0 0 0 0 Randall G. Smith, Chairman and Chief Technology Officer 5,000 0 0 $ 0.25 8/1/2008 0 0 0 0 70,000 0 0 $ 0.43 9/1/2008 0 0 0 0 70,000 0 0 $ 0.25 9/1/2008 0 0 0 0 70,000 0 0 $ 0.25 9/1/2008 0 0 0 0 167,270 0 0 $ 0.25 7/6/2009 0 0 0 0 2,000 0 0 $ 2.75 7/30/2009 0 0 0 0 150,000 0 0 $ 0.25 12/21/2009 0 0 0 0 75,000 0 0 $ 0.25 6/21/2010 0 0 0 0 150,000 0 0 $ 0.25 12/31/2010 0 0 0 0 5,000 0 0 $ 0.45 3/1/2011 0 0 0 0 42 Table of Contents OPTION AWARDS STOCK AWARDS N AME N UMBER OF S ECURITIES U NDERLYING U NEXERCISED O PTIONS (#) E XERCISABLE N UMBER OF S ECURITIES U NDERLYING U NEXERCISED O PTIONS (#) U NEXERCISABLE E QUITY I NCENTIVE P LAN A WARDS : N UMBER OF S ECURITIES U NDERLYING U NEXERCISED U NEARNED O PTIONS (#) O PTION E XERCISE P RICE ($) O PTION E XPIRATION D ATE N UMBER OF S HARES OR U NITS OF S TOCK T HAT H AVE N OT V ESTED (#) M ARKET V ALUE OF S HARES OR U NITS OF S TOCK T HAT H AVE N OT V ESTED ($) E QUITY I NCENTIVE P LAN A WARDS : N UMBER OF U NEARNED S HARES , U NITS OR O THER R IGHTS THAT H AVE N OT V ESTED (#) E QUITY I NCENTIVE P LAN A WARDS : M ARKET OR P AYOUT V ALUE OF U NEARNED S HARES , U NITS OR O THER R IGHTS T HAT H AVE N OT V ESTED (#) (A) (B) (C) (D) (E) (F) (G) (H) (I) (J) 150,000 0 0 $ 0.25 12/21/2012 0 0 0 0 175,000 0 0 $ 0.28 2/1/2013 0 0 0 0 175,000 0 0 $ 0.28 2/1/2013 0 0 0 0 175,000 0 0 $ 0.28 2/1/2013 0 0 0 0 0 75,000 0 $ 0.61 4/24/2014 0 0 0 0 75,000 0 0 $ 0.43 3/6/2013 0 0 0 0 Ronald T. Linares, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer 15,000 0 0 $ 0.47 4/5/2008 0 0 0 0 5,000 0 0 $ 0.25 8/1/2008 0 0 0 0 70,000 0 0 $ 0.43 9/1/2008 0 0 0 0 70,000 0 0 $ 0.25 9/1/2008 0 0 0 0 70,000 0 0 $ 0.25 9/1/2008 0 0 0 0 2,000 0 0 $ 2.75 7/30/2009 0 0 0 0 75,000 0 0 $ 0.25 12/21/2009 0 0 0 0 75,000 0 0 $ 0.25 12/31/2010 0 0 0 0 5,000 0 0 $ 0.45 3/1/2011 0 0 0 0 75,000 0 0 $ 0.25 12/21/2012 0 0 0 0 50,000 0 0 $ 0.49 12/31/2013 0 0 0 0 23,333 0 0 $ 0.38 12/23/2014 0 0 0 0 23,333 0 0 $ 0.38 12/23/2014 0 0 0 0 23,334 0 0 $ 0.38 12/23/2014 0 0 0 0 15,000 0 0 $ 0.47 10/5/2008 0 0 0 0 Jesus J. Rojas Senior Vice President 20,000 0 $ 0.49 12/31/2013 0 0 0 0 35,000 0 $ 0.56 8/1/2013 0 0 0 0 100,000 0 $ 0.56 8/1/2013 0 0 0 0 300,000 150,000 0 $ 0.56 8/1/2013 0 0 0 0 Stephen E. Johnson Chief Operating Officer 50,000 0 $ 0.49 12/31/2013 0 0 0 0 450,000 0 0 $ 0.50 9/4/2015 0 0 0 0 0 50,000 0 $ 0.64 12/29/2012 0 0 0 0 43 Table of Contents Option Exercises / Stock Vested Option Awards Stock Awards Name Number of Shares Acquired on Exercise (#) Value Realized on Exercise ($) Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting (#) Value Realized on Vesting ($) Cornelis F. Wit 190,000 $ 47,500 0 $ 0 Randall G. Smith 65,000 $ 16,250 0 $ 0 Ronald T. Linares 67,029 $ 17,859 0 $ 0 Jesus J. Rojas -0- $ -0- -0- $ -0- Stephen E. Johnson -0- $ -0- -0- $ -0- Employment Contracts and Other Arrangements This section discusses the employment contracts and transition or other severance agreements for the Chief Executive Officer and the other Named Executive Officers. Cornelis F. Wit, President and Chief Executive Officer and Director In December 2007, we renewed an employment agreement with Mr. Cornelis F. Wit to serve as our Chief Executive Officer and President through December 31, 2008. As part of the renewal the employment agreement will renew for successive one-year terms unless the employment agreement is expressly cancelled by either Mr. Wit or the Company ninety days prior to the end of the term. Mr. Wit receives an annual salary of $300,000 payable in cash and/or stock plus a bonus tied to our operating results. As part of the agreement incentive options are awardable under the agreement based upon sales and cash flow objectives. In the event that the we consummate a transaction with a third party resulting in the sale, merger, consolidation, reorganization or other business combination involving all or a majority of our business, assets or stock, whether effected in one transaction or a series of transactions due to the initiative of Mr. Wit (whether or not during the term of the agreement), Mr. Wit will receive a fee equal to 2% of the aggregate consideration. The agreement also provides, among other things, for participation in employee benefits available to employees and executives. Under the terms of the agreement, we may terminate Mr. Wit’s employment upon 30 days notice of a material breach and Mr. Wit may terminate the agreement under the same terms and conditions. The employment agreement contains customary non-disclosure provisions, as well as a one-year non-compete clause if Mr. Wit leaves the company voluntarily or a six-month non-compete clause following his termination by the Company. Randall G. Smith, Chairman, and Chief Technology Officer In December 2007, we renewed our employment agreement with Mr. Randall G. Smith to serve as our Chief Technology Officer. As part of the renewal the employment agreement will renew for successive one-year terms unless the employment agreement is expressly cancelled by either Mr. Smith or the Company ninety days prior to the end of the term. Under the terms of the agreement, as compensation for his services, Mr. Smith receives an annual salary of $260,000 to be paid in the form of cash and/or stock, as agreed upon by the parties, and he is eligible to receive a bonus based upon achieving technology related milestones. The agreement also provides, among other things, for participation in employee benefit plans or programs applicable to employees and executives. Under the terms of the agreement, we may terminate the employment of Mr. Smith upon 30 days notice of a material breach and Mr. Smith may terminate the agreement under the same terms and conditions. If Mr. Smith is terminated by us for any reason other than for cause, we must pay him severance benefits equal to six months salary. The employment agreement contains customary non-disclosure provisions, as well as a one-year non-competition restriction following the termination of the agreement. The agreement renews automatically for one-year terms unless expressly cancelled by either Mr. Smith or the Company in writing ninety (90) days prior to termination of the term. The Company extended its employment agreement with Mr. Smith in December 2007 for one year under the terms of the existing employment agreement 44 Table of Contents Ronald T. Linares, Chief Financial Office, and Treasurer In December 2007, we renewed our employment agreement with Mr. Ronald Linares to serve as our Chief Financial Officer. As part of the renewal the employment agreement will renew for successive one-year terms unless the employment agreement is expressly cancelled by either Mr. Linares or the Company ninety days prior to the end of the term. Under the terms of this agreement, Mr. Linares receives an annual salary of $205,000 to be paid in the form of cash and/or stock, as agreed upon by the parties, and he is eligible to receive additional incentive compensation based upon achieving financial milestones. The agreement also provides, among other things, for participation in employee benefit plans or programs applicable to employees and executives. Under the terms of the agreement, we may terminate the employment of Mr. Linares upon 30 days notice of a material breach and Mr. Linares may terminate the agreement under the same terms and conditions. If Mr. Linares is terminated by us for any reason other than for cause, we must pay him severance benefits equal to twelve months salary. The employment agreement contains customary non-disclosure provisions, as well as a one-year non-competition restriction following the termination of the agreement. The agreement renews automatically for one-year terms unless expressly cancelled by either Mr. Linares or the Company in writing ninety (90) days prior to termination of the term. The Company extended its employment agreement with Mr. Linares in December 2007 for one year under the terms of the existing employment agreement Stephen D. Johnson, Chief Operating Officer In September 2006, we entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Stephen Johnson to serve as our Senior Vice President for Sales and Marketing. The employment agreement is for a three-year term. Under the terms of this agreement, Mr. Johnson currently receives an annual salary of $210,000 subject to annual adjustment for cost of living increases. Mr. Johnson is eligible for a commission, payable on a monthly basis, equal to 1% of the Company’s cash receipts as defined in an exhibit to his employment contract. The agreement also provides, among other things, for participation in employee benefit plans or programs applicable to employees and executives. Under the terms of the agreement, we may terminate the employment of Mr. Johnson upon 30 days notice of a material breach and Mr. Johnson may terminate the agreement under the same terms and conditions. If Mr. Johnson is terminated by us for any reason other than for cause, we must pay him severance benefits equal to three months salary for every year of service up to a maximum of twelve months. The employment agreement contains customary non-disclosure provisions. Stock Option Plan Our 1998 Stock Incentive Plan (the “1998 Plan”) was adopted in January 1998, and was amended in 2004 by our Board of Directors and shareholders to increase the number of shares available under the 1998 Plan to 7,500,000 shares, and further amended in 2006 by our Board of Directors and shareholders to increase the number of shares available under the 1998 Plan to 12,500,000 shares . As of May 9, 2008 we have outstanding options under the 1998 Plan to purchase an aggregate of 11,875,720 shares of our common stock at exercise prices ranging from $0.15 to $2.75 per share. The purpose of the 1998 Plan is to provide a means through which we can attract able persons to enter and remain in our employ, and to provide a means whereby those key persons upon whom the responsibilities of our successful administration and management rest, and whose present and potential contributions to our welfare are of importance, can acquire and maintain stock ownership, thereby strengthening their commitment to our welfare and promoting an identity of interest between stockholders and these key persons. A further purpose of the 1998 Plan is to provide such key persons with additional incentive and reward opportunities designed to enhance our profitable growth. So that the appropriate incentive can be provided, the 1998 Plan provides for granting incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, phantom stock unit awards and performance share units, or any combination of the foregoing. We believe that the 1998 Plan encourages the participants to contribute materially to our growth and will align the economic interests of the participants with those of our stockholders. General We have reserved 12,500,000 shares of our common stock for issuance upon the exercise of options granted under the 1998 Plan. These shares may be authorized but unissued shares of our common stock or may be shares that we have reacquired, including shares we may purchase on the open market. If any options or stock appreciation rights granted under the 1998 Plan expire or are terminated for any reason without being exercised or restricted shares or performance shares are forfeited, the shares of common stock underlying that award will again be available for grant under the 1998 Plan. 45 Table of Contents Administration of the 1998 Plan The Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors administers and interprets the 1998 Plan. The Compensation Committee has the sole authority to designate participants, grant awards and determine the terms of all grants, subject to the terms of the 1998 Plan. The Compensation Committee has the full authority to interpret the 1998 Plan and to make rules, regulations, agreements and instruments for implementing the 1998 Plan. Eligibility Grants may be made to any of our employees and to any non-employee member of the Board of Directors. Key advisors who perform services for us or any of our subsidiaries are eligible if they render bona fide services, not as part of the offer or sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction. Options Incentive stock options may be granted to employees, directors and key advisors. Non-qualified stock options may be granted to employees, key advisors and non-employee directors. The exercise price of common stock underlying an option is determined by the Compensation Committee at the time the option is granted, and may be equal to, greater than, or less than the fair market value of such stock on the date the option is granted; provided, that the exercise price of an incentive stock option must be equal to or greater than the fair market value of a share of common stock on the date the incentive stock option is granted, and the exercise price of an incentive stock option granted to an employee who owns more than 10% of our common stock, or who is an officer or director, cannot be less than 110% of the fair market value. Unless the applicable option agreement provides otherwise, a participant can exercise an option award after the option has fully vested, by paying the applicable exercise price in cash, or, with the approval of the Compensation Committee, by delivering shares of common stock owned by the grantee and having a fair market value on the date of exercise equal to the exercise price of the grants, or by such other method as the Compensation Committee approves, including payment through a broker in accordance with procedures permitted by Regulation T of the Federal Reserve Board. Options vest according to the terms and conditions determined by the Compensation Committee and specified in the grant instrument. The Compensation Committee determines the term of each option up to a maximum of 10 years from the date of grant except that the term of an incentive stock option granted to an employee who owns more than 10% of our common stock, or who is an officer or director, may not exceed five years from the date of grant. The Compensation Committee may accelerate the exercisability of any or all outstanding options at any time for any reason. Restricted Stock The Compensation Committee determines the number of restricted shares granted to a participant, subject to the maximum plan limit described above. Grants of restricted shares will be conditioned on such performance requirements, vesting provisions, transfer restrictions or other restrictions and conditions as the Compensation Committee may determine in its sole discretion. The restrictions will remain in force during a restriction period set by the Compensation Committee. If the grantee is no longer employed by us during the restriction period or if any other conditions are not met, the restricted shares grant will terminate as to all shares covered by the grant for which the restrictions are still applicable, and those shares must be immediately returned to us. Stock Appreciation Rights The Compensation Committee can grant stock appreciation rights (SARs) to any participant, subject to the maximum plan limit described above. At any time, the Compensation Committee may grant an SAR award, either separately or in connection with any option; provided, that, if an SAR is granted in connection with an incentive stock option, it must be granted at the same time that as underlying option is granted. The Compensation Committee will determine the base amount of the SAR at the time that it is granted and will establish any applicable vesting provisions, transfer restrictions or other restrictions as it may determine is appropriate in its sole discretion. When a participant exercises an SAR, he or she will receive the amount by which the value of the stock has appreciated since the SAR was granted, which may be payable to the participant in cash, shares, or a combination of cash and shares, as determined by the Compensation Committee. 46 Table of Contents Performance Share Awards The Compensation Committee can grant performance share awards to any employee or key advisor. A performance share award represents the right to receive an amount based on the value of our common stock, but may be payable only if certain performance goals that are established by the Compensation Committee are met. If the Compensation Committee determines that the applicable performance goals have been met, a performance share award will be payable to the participant in cash, shares or a combination of cash and shares, as determined by the Compensation Committee. Amendment and Termination of the 1998 Plan Our Board of Directors can at any time terminate the 1998 Plan. With the express written consent of an individual participant, the board may cancel or reduce or otherwise alter the outstanding awards thereunder if, in its judgment, the tax, accounting, or other effects of the 1998 Plan or potential payouts thereunder would not be in our best interest. The board may, at any time, or from time to time, amend or suspend and, if suspended, reinstate, the 1998 Plan in whole or in part, provided, however, that without further stockholder approval the board shall not: • Increase the maximum number of shares of our common stock which may be issued on exercise of awards under the 1998 Plan; • Change the maximum option price; • Extend the maximum option term; • Extend the termination date of the 1998 Plan; or • Change the class of persons eligible to receive awards under the Plan. Adjustment Provisions In the event that certain reorganizations of our company or similar transactions or events occur, the maximum number of shares of stock available for grant, the maximum number of shares that any participant in the 1998 Plan may be granted, the number of shares covered by outstanding grants, the kind of shares issued under the 1998 Plan and the price per share or the applicable market value of such grants shall be adjusted by the committee to reflect changes to our common stock as a result of such occurrence to prevent the dilution or enlargement of rights of any individual under the 1998 Plan. Change of Control and Reorganization Upon a change of control, as defined in the 1998 Plan, the Compensation Committee may: • determine that the outstanding grants, whether in the form of options and stock appreciation rights, shall immediately vest and become exercisable; • determine that the restrictions and conditions on all outstanding restricted stock or performance share awards shall immediately lapse; • require that grantees surrender their outstanding options and stock appreciation rights in exchange for payment by us, in cash or common stock, in an amount equal to the amount by which the then fair market value of the shares of our common stock subject to the grantee’s unexercised options or stock appreciation rights exceeds the exercise price of those options; and/or • after giving grantees an opportunity to exercise their outstanding options and stock appreciation rights, terminate any or all unexercised options and stock appreciation rights. Upon a reorganization, as defined in the 1998 Plan, where we are not the surviving entity or where we survive only as a subsidiary of another entity, unless the Compensation Committee determines otherwise, all outstanding option or SAR grants shall be assumed by or replaced with comparable options or rights by the surviving corporation. In addition, the Compensation Committee may require that grantees surrender their outstanding options in exchange for payment by us, in cash or common stock, at an amount equal to the amount by which the then fair market value of the shares of common stock subject to the grantee’s unexercised options exceeds the exercise price of those options and/or after accelerating all vesting and giving grantees an opportunity to exercise their outstanding options or SARs, terminate any or all unexercised options and SARs. 47 Table of Contents Limitation on Liability and Indemnification Matters Our Articles of Incorporation, as amended and restated, provide to the fullest extent permitted by Section 145 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, that our directors or officers shall not be personally liable to us or our shareholders for damages for breach of such director’s or officer’s fiduciary duty. The effect of this provision of our Articles of Incorporation, as amended and restated, is to eliminate our rights and our shareholders (through shareholders’ derivative suits on behalf of our company) to recover damages against a director or officer for breach of the fiduciary duty of care as a director or officer (including breaches resulting from negligent or grossly negligent behavior), except under certain situations defined by statute. We believe that the indemnification provisions in our Articles of Incorporation, as amended, are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. Our By Laws also provide that the Board of Directors may also authorize us to indemnify our employees or agents, and to advance the reasonable expenses of such persons, to the same extent, following the same determinations and upon the same conditions as are required for the indemnification of and advancement of expenses to our directors and officers. As of the date of this prospectus, the Board of Directors has not extended indemnification rights to persons other than directors and officers. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (“Securities Act”) may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS Guus van Kesteren, a member of our Board of Directors, is a consultant to Noesis Capital Corp. Noesis Capital Corp. has acted as a placement agent for the sale of our securities in various offerings since 1999. In June 2004, the Company issued a promissory note in the amount of $450,875 to Noesis Capital Corp. for amounts owed to Noesis for financial advisory services and for placement agent fees earned during 2003 and 2004. This note was amended and restated on December 31, 2005, under the terms of a new note bearing interest at 9% payable on April 1, 2008. The principal amount of the note issued on December 31, 2005 was $511,919 which includes $61,044 in accrued and unpaid interest. The note and accrued and unpaid interest in the amount of $46,072 was converted on December 31, 2006 into 1,115,964 shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.50 per share. Between February 2001 and July 2001, we borrowed an aggregate of $190,000 from Guus van Kesteren under promissory notes which bore interest of 12% per annum. These promissory notes were amended and restated on August 30, 2001 in the amount of $196,644 with new terms which included an interest rate of 8% per annum with accrued interest payable no later than August 30, 2003. This note was amended in September 2004 extending the maturity date to October 2006. In December 2002, we borrowed $50,000 from Guus van Kesteren a member of our Board of Directors. This amount was borrowed under a promissory note bearing interest at a rate of 9% per annum, payable on March 31, 2003. This note was amended in September 2004 extending the maturity date to October 31, 2006. From February to June 2004, the Company borrowed $106,000 from Guus van Kesteren, a Company Director. These amounts were borrowed under promissory notes bearing interest at 9% per annum with maturity dates ranging from January 31, 2006 to October 31, 2006. These notes were amended and restated on June 30, 2004 under the terms of a new note bearing interest at 9% payable with a maturity date of October 31, 2006. The above referenced notes payable to Guus van Kesteren, which were originally amended and restated on June 30, 2004 into one promissory note with a principal amount of $364,758.38 bearing interest at 9% per annum and payable on October 31, 2006, were amended and restated on December 31, 2005, under the terms of a new note bearing interest at 9% payable on April 1, 2008. The principal amount of the note is $414,135.75 which includes accrued and unpaid interest of $49,337.37. The note and accrued and unpaid interest in the amount of $37,272.22 was converted on December 31, 2006 into 902,816 shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.50 per share. During November 2002, we borrowed $6,000 from Randall G. Smith, our Chairman of the board and Chief Technology Officer. In March 2003 this note was amended and restated extending the maturity date to January 31, 2005. This note was amended and restated on March 31, 2005 extending the maturity date to January 31, 2007. The note and accrued but unpaid interest in the amount of $1,860 were repaid on April 17, 2006. 48 Table of Contents In December 2002, we borrowed $50,000 from Cornelis Wit, our President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board of Directors. This amount was borrowed under a promissory note bearing interest at a rate of 9% per annum, payable on March 31, 2003. This note was amended in September 2004 extending the maturity date to October 31, 2006. From September to November 2003 we borrowed $262,000 from Cornelis Wit, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and a member of our Board of Directors. These amounts were borrowed under promissory notes bearing interest at 9% per annum with maturity dates ranging from January 31, 2005 to October 31, 2005. These notes were amended and restated on September 30, 2004 under the terms of a new note bearing interest at 9% interest payable on October 31, 2006. From January to June 2004, the Company borrowed $153,500 from Cornelis Wit, the Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer and a Director. These amounts were borrowed under promissory notes bearing interest at 9% per annum with maturity dates ranging from January 31, 2006 to October 31, 2006. These notes were amended and restated on June 30, 2004 under the terms of a new note bearing interest at 9% interest payable on October 31, 2006. The above referenced notes payable to Cornelis Wit, which were originally amended and restated on June 30, 2004 into one promissory note with a principal amount of $483,984.00 bearing interest at 9% per annum and payable on October 31, 2006, were amended and restated on December 31, 2005, under the terms of a new note bearing interest at 9% payable on April 1, 2008. The principal amount of the new note is $549,500.85 which includes accrued and unpaid interest of $65,516.85. The note and accrued and unpaid interest in the amount of $49,455.07 was converted on December 31, 2006 into 1,197,912 shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.50 per share. In March 2005, the Company borrowed $22,000 from Cornelis Wit, the Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer and a Director. These amounts were borrowed under a promissory note bearing interest at 9% per annum payable on January 31, 2007. The note and accrued and unpaid interest in the amount of $3,547.73 were converted on December 31, 2006 into 51,095 shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.50 per share. In April 2005, the Company borrowed $25,000 from Guus van Kesteren, a company Director. These amounts were borrowed under a promissory note bearing interest at 9% per annum payable on January 31, 2007. The note and accrued and unpaid interest in the amount of $3,908.22 were converted on December 31, 2006 into 57,816 shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.50 per share. In June 2005, the Company borrowed $120,000 from Cornelis Wit, the Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer and a Director. These amounts were borrowed under a promissory note bearing interest at 9% per annum payable on January 31, 2007. The note and accrued and unpaid interest in the amount of $14,608.44 were converted on December 31, 2006 into 269,217 shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.50 per share. From June to September 2005, the Company borrowed $14,300 from Ronald Linares, the Company’s Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. These amounts were borrowed under a promissory note bearing interest at 9% per annum payable on January 31, 2007. The note and accrued and unpaid interest in the amount of $1,011 were repaid on April 17, 2006. In October 2005, the Company borrowed $215,000 from Cornelis Wit, the Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer and a Director. These amounts were borrowed under a promissory note bearing interest at 9% per annum payable with a maturity date of December 31, 2006. Under the terms of the note Mr. Wit had the right to convert any unpaid principal into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.28 per share in the event the note was not repaid by December 31, 2005. On November 11, 2005 the Company repaid $50,000 of principal on the note. On December 31, 2005 Mr. Wit converted the remaining $165,000 of outstanding principal and $3,000 in accrued interest into 600,000 shares of common stock. In December 2006, the Company issued a promissory note for $185,000 that included $125,000 in accrued expenses associated with financial services provided during 2004 and 2005 by Noesis Capital Corp., the Company’s Placement Agent for several equity and debt transactions since 1999. The amount was borrowed under a promissory note bearing interest at 9% per annum payable with a maturity date of January 31, 2009. During March 2007, Fernando Montero, who was appointed as a member of our Board of Directors on July 27, 2007, purchased 500,000 shares of our common stock at a price of $0.50 per share, resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of $250,000. In addition, Atlantic Balanced Fund, a corporation formed under the laws of the British Virgin Islands (“ABF”) purchased 2,500,000 shares of our common stock resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of $1,250,000. Mentor Capital Corporation is the fund manager for ABF and has voting and dispositive control over the shares held by ABF. Mr. Montero is the president, director and sole owner of Mentor Capital Corporation and may be considered the beneficial owner of the 2,500,000 shares held by ABF. In September 2007, Cornelis Wit, the Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer and a Director, invested $100,500 in private placement of our common stock at a price of $0.67 per share and was issued 150,000 shares of our common stock. 49 Table of Contents In December 2007, Noesis Capital Corp., the Company’s Placement Agent for several equity and debt transactions since 1999 converted amounts owed to it for accrued financial advisory fees and for fees earned as Placement Agent in offerings completed in March 2007 and December 2007. A total of $37,500 in financial advisory fees and $160,748 in Placement Agent fees were converted into common stock of the Company at a price of $0.67 per share. Noesis Capital Corp. was issued a total of 295,893 shares of common stock of the Company During the year ended December 31, 2007 we incurred $16,650 in interest expense on a note payable to Noesis Capital Corp., the Placement Agent for the Company on several equity and debt transactions since 1999. Three of the members of our Board of Directors (Guus van Kesteren, Matthew D. Veatch, and Fernando Montero) are “independent” within the meaning of Marketplace Rule 4200 of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS At May 9, 2008 there were an aggregate of: • 74,701,008 shares of common stock, • 4,170,224 shares of 5% Series A Preferred Stock, issued and outstanding. These securities comprise our “Voting Securities”. The holders of our shares of common stock are entitled to one vote for each outstanding share on all matters submitted to our stockholders. The holders of the 5% Series A Preferred Stock are also entitled to vote on matters submitted to our stockholders, with one vote for each share of common stock into which these series of our preferred stock are convertible. Based upon the current conversion price for the 5% Series A Preferred Stock, on May 9, 2008, these holders are entitled to 2,780,149 votes at a meeting of our stockholders and the common stockholders are entitled to 74,701,008 votes, for an aggregate of 77,481,157 votes for all currently outstanding Voting Securities. The following table sets forth, as of May 9, 2008, information known to us relating to the beneficial ownership of shares of our Voting Securities by: • each person who is the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding shares of Voting Securities, aggregate all three classes together; • each director; • each executive officer; and • all executive officers and directors as a group. Under securities laws, a person is considered to be the beneficial owner of securities he owns and that can be acquired by him within 60 days from May 13, 2008 upon the exercise of options, warrants, convertible securities or other understandings. We determine a beneficial owner’s percentage ownership by assuming that options, warrants or convertible securities that are held by him, but not those held by any other person and which are exercisable within 60 days of May 13, 2008 have been exercised or converted. 50 Table of Contents The following table, however, gives no effect to the exercise of any outstanding options or warrants unless specifically set forth therein. We believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting, dispositive and investment power with respect to all shares of Voting Securities beneficially owned by them. Unless otherwise noted, the address for each person is: 2101 West Commercial Blvd. Suite 4000, Ft. Lauderdale, Florida 33309. Name of Beneficial Owner No. of Shares Beneficially Owned Percentage of Voting Securities Cornelis F. Wit (1) 5,403,004 6.79 % Fernando Montero (2) 6,438,235 8.28 % Guus van Kesteren (3) 3,227,971 4.14 % Matthew D. Veatch (4) 395,000 0.51 % Randall G. Smith (5) 2,663,764 3.35 % Ronald T. Linares (6) 963,011 1.23 % Stephen E. Johnson (7) 550,000 0.70 % Nico Letschert (8) 5,675,425 6.74 % Gregory Elias (9) 7,044,358 8.65 % Noesis International Holdings (10) 5,279,122 6.48 % Noesis N.V. (11) 6,372,628 7.82 % All Directors and Officers as a group (seven persons) (12) 19,590,985 22.36 % (1) Includes vested options to purchase an aggregate of 1,355,000 shares of our common stock at prices ranging from $0.25 to $0.61 per share with expiration dates ranging from August 2008 to April 2014, 189,076 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of warrants at an exercise price of $.75 per share with an expiration date of February 2012 and 252,101 shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of Secured Convertible Notes. (2) Includes vested options to purchase an aggregate of 150,000 shares of our common stock at a price of $0.70 per share with an expiration date of August 2014. Also includes 252,101 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of warrants at an exercise price of $.75 per share with an expiration date of February 2012 and 336,134 shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of Secured Convertible Notes and 2,500,000 shares of common stock held by Atlantic Balanced Fund, a corporation formed under the laws of the British Virgin Islands (“ABF”). Mentor Capital Corporation is the fund manager for ABF and has voting and dispositive control over the shares held by ABF. Mr. Montero is the president, director and sole owner of Mentor Capital Corporation and may be considered the beneficial owner of the 2,500,000 shares and convertible warrants and Convertible Notes held by ABF. (3) Includes vested options to purchase an aggregate of 375,000 shares of our common stock at prices ranging from $0.25 to $0.61 per share with expiration dates ranging from August 2008 to April 2014, 189,076 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of warrants at an exercise price of $.75 per share with an expiration date of February 2012 and 252,101 shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of Convertible Notes. (4) Includes vested options to purchase an aggregate of 375,000 shares of our common stock at prices ranging from $0.25 to $0.61 per share with expiration dates ranging from June 2010 to April 2014. (5) Includes vested options to purchase an aggregate of 1,589,270 shares of our common stock at prices ranging from $0.25 to $2.75 per share with expiration dates ranging from August 2008 to April 2014. 51 Table of Contents (6) Includes vested options to purchase an aggregate of 700,000 shares of our common stock at prices ranging from $0.25 to $0.61 per share with expiration dates ranging from August 2008 to December 2014, 31,513 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of warrants at an exercise price of $.75 per share with an expiration date of February 2012 and 42,017 shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of Convertible Notes. (7) Includes vested options to purchase an aggregate of 550,000 shares of our common stock at prices ranging from $0.25 to $0.61 per share with expiration dates ranging from June 2010 to April 2014. (8) Nico Letschert is the Chief Executive Officer of Noesis Capital Corp., a broker dealer and a member of FINRA who acted as the placement agent for our Series C Preferred Stock Offering and certain other offerings. Includes 1,213,190 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of warrants at exercise prices ranging from $.25 to $0.595 per share with expiration dates ranging from May 2008 to March 2014 held by Noesis Capital Corp. Also includes 993,900 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of our Series C Preferred Stock and 496,950 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of warrants at an exercise price of $.25 per share pursuant to a Placement Agent Unit Option held by Noesis Capital Corp. Also includes 725,928 shares of common stock held by Noesis International Holdings, the parent company of Noesis Capital Corp. The address for Nico Letschert, Noesis International Holdings, Noesis Capital Corp. and Nico Letschert is 1801 Clint Moore Road, Suite 100, Boca Raton, FL 33487. Nico Letschert has voting and dispositive control over the securities owned by Noesis Capital Corp. and Noesis International Holdings. (9) Includes 6,372,628 shares of our common stock held by Noesis NV. Also includes 638,397 shares of our common stock and 33,333 shares of our common stock upon conversion of our 5% Series A Convertible Preferred Stock held by Max Power. Gregory Elias has voting and dispositive control over the Securities owned by Noesis NV and Max Power. The address for Mr. Gregory Elias is: Landhuis Joonchi, Kaya Richard J. Beaujon, Curacao, Netherlands Antilles. (10) Includes 1,213,190 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of warrants at exercise prices ranging from $.25 to $0.595 per share with expiration dates ranging from May 2008 to March 2014 held by Noesis Capital Corp. Also includes 993,900 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of our Series C Preferred Stock and 496,950 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of warrants at an exercise price of $.25 per share pursuant to a Placement Agent Unit Option held by Noesis Capital Corp. Noesis Capital is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Noesis International Holdings. The address for Noesis International Holdings and Noesis Capital Corp is 1801 Clint Moore Road, Suite 100, Boca Raton, FL 33487. Nico Letschert has voting and dispositive control over the securities owned by Noesis Capital Corp. and Noesis International Holdings. (11) Includes 6,372,628 shares of our common stock held by Noesis NV. Gregory Elias has voting and dispositive control over the Securities owned by Noesis NV. The address for Noesis NV is: c/o Mr. Gregory Elias, Landhuis Joonchi, Kaya Richard J. Beaujon, Curacao, Netherlands Antilles. (12) Includes footnotes (1) through (7). 52 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES Our authorized capital stock consists of 150,000,000 shares of Common Stock, $.001 par value per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.001 per share, of which 5,000,000 shares have been designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, 230,000 shares have been designated as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, and 747,500 shares have been designated as Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. As of the date of this prospectus, there are • 74,701,008 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding; • 21,903,453 shares reserved for issuance upon exercise or conversion of issued and outstanding options, placement agent unit options, warrants and convertible notes; • 2,780,149 shares reserved for issuance upon the conversion of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock; Common Stock Holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a stockholder vote. Holders of our voting securities do not have cumulative voting rights. Holders of common stock are entitled to share in all dividends that the Board of Directors, in its discretion, declares from legally available funds. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, subject to the preferences of the Series A Preferred Stockholders, Series B Preferred Stockholders and Series C Preferred Stockholders, each outstanding share of common stock entitles its holder to participate in all assets that remain after payment of liabilities and after providing for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. Holders of common stock have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights, and there are no redemption provisions for the common stock. The rights of the holders of common stock are subject to any rights that may be fixed for holders of preferred stock, when and if any preferred stock is outstanding. All outstanding shares of common stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. Preferred stock Our Board of Directors, without further stockholder approval, may issue preferred stock in one or more series from time to time and fix or alter the designations, relative rights, priorities, preferences, qualifications, limitations and restrictions of the shares of each series. In addition, the Board of Directors may fix and determine all privileges and rights of the authorized preferred stock series including: • dividend and liquidation preferences, • voting rights, • conversion privileges, and • redemption terms. Our Board of Directors may authorize the issuance of preferred stock which ranks senior to our common stock for the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets on liquidation. In addition, our Board of Directors can fix limitations and restrictions, if any, upon the payment of dividends on our common stock to be effective while any shares of preferred stock are outstanding. Series A Preferred Stock In 1999, our Board of Directors designated 5,000,000 shares of our preferred stock as 5% Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (“Series A Preferred Stock”), of which 4,170,224 shares are issued and outstanding. The designations, rights and preferences of the Series A Preferred include: • the shares are not redeemable, • each share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of our common stock at any time at the option of the holder at a conversion price of $1.50 per share, or if not so converted after one year from issuance, at any time at our option if the closing bid price of our common stock has exceeded $3.00 for 20 consecutive trading days, our common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Stock Market or other national stock exchange, and the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock are registered under a registration statement, 53 Table of Contents • the conversion price has certain anti-dilution protections for any stock splits, stock dividends, and corporate reorganizations, and certain other corporate transactions and issuances of securities at below the applicable conversion price per share. The Series A Preferred Stockholders have waived their rights to an anti-dilution adjustment reducing their conversion price as a result of the issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock, • the shares of Series A Preferred Stock pay a cumulative dividend at a rate of 5% per annum based on the stated value of $1.00 per share, payable when and as declared by the Board of Directors, or upon conversion or liquidation. Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock have priority to our common stock and junior to Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock. At our option, dividends can be paid in cash or shares of common stock valued at the conversion price of the Series A Preferred Stock, • in the event of our liquidation or winding up, each share of Series A Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference equal to $1.00 per share, • the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to vote together with the holders of our common stock, on the basis of one vote for each share of common stock issuable upon the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock. There were cumulative arrearages of $1,122,944 and $912,370, or $0.27 and $0.22 per share, on the Series A Preferred Stock for undeclared dividends as of December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, respectively. In addition, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock were granted certain demand and piggyback registration rights for the shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock. Series B Preferred Stock In August 2001, our Board of Directors designated 200,000 shares of our preferred stock as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (“Series B Preferred Stock”). A Corrected Certificate of Designations was filed on February 7, 2002 with the Delaware Secretary of State increasing the number of shares authorized as Series B Preferred Stock to 230,000 shares, of which no shares are issued and outstanding as of May 13, 2008. The designations, rights and preferences of the Series B Preferred Stock include: • the stated value of each share is $10.00 per share, • the shares are not redeemable, • each share of Series B Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of our common stock at the option of the holder at any time commencing January 31, 2002 at the option of the holder at $0.25 per share, as adjusted, and the shares automatically convert, subject to limitations based on trading volume, into shares of our common stock at $0.25 per share at such time as we complete a public offering raising proceeds in excess of $25 million at an offering price of at least $0.75 per share. We may require all outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred Stock to convert in the event the closing bid price of our common stock exceeds $0.50 for 20 consecutive trading days, and our common stock has been listed on The NASDAQ Stock Market or other comparable national stock exchange or the OTC Bulletin board and a registration statement registering the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock has been declared effective, • the conversion price has certain anti-dilution protections for any stock splits, stock dividends, and corporate reorganizations, and certain other corporate transactions and issuances of securities at below the applicable conversion price per share or market value of the common stock, • the shares of Series B Preferred Stock pay a cumulative dividend at a rate of 8% per annum based on the stated value of $10.00 per share, payable when and as declared by the Board of Directors, or upon conversion or liquidation. At our option, dividends can be paid in cash or shares of common stock valued at the conversion price of the Series B Preferred Stock, • each share of Series B Preferred Stock will rank senior to our Series A Preferred and pari passu with our Series C Preferred Stock, • in the event of our liquidation or winding up, each share of Series B Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference equal to $10.00 per share plus accrued and unpaid dividends, and • the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, together with the holders of our common stock, on the basis of one vote for each share of common stock issuable upon the conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock, There were cumulative arrearages of $600,151 and $560,684, or $9.23 and $8.63 per share, on the Series B Preferred Stock dividends as of December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, respectively. 54 Table of Contents In addition, the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock were granted certain mandatory and piggyback registration rights for the shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock and are entitled to vote one member to our Board of Directors. Series C Preferred Stock In March 2002, our Board of Directors designated 747,500 shares of our preferred stock as Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of which no shares are issued and outstanding as of May 13, 2008 and 24,848 shares are issuable upon exercise of Placement Agent Unit Options. The designations, rights and preferences of the Series C Preferred Stock include: • the stated value of each share is $10.00 per share, • the shares are not redeemable, • each share of Series C Preferred Stock is convertible at any time, at the option of the holder, into a number of shares of common stock determined by dividing the stated value per share of the Series C Preferred Stock by $0.25, which is the Series C Conversion Price. The Series C Preferred Stock will automatically convert, subject to limitations based on trading volume, into shares of our common stock upon a public offering of our securities raising gross proceeds in excess of $25,000,000 at a per share price greater than 2.5 times the Series C Conversion Price per share, as adjusted for any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, or other similar transaction. In addition, the Series C Preferred Stock will automatically convert into shares of our common stock at the Series C Conversion Price at such time as the closing bid price for our common stock has traded at two times the then prevailing Series C Conversion Price for a period of 20 consecutive trading days, provided that (i) a public trading market exists for our common stock on a national securities exchange, the NASDAQ Stock Market, or the over the counter market; and (ii) the Conversion Shares have been registered for resale and are not subject to any lock-up and the number of shares of the Series C Preferred Stock which can be converted in any 30-day period will be limited to the number of shares of common stock underlying the Series C Preferred Stock equal to 10 times the average daily trading volume during the 20-day look-back period set forth above, • the conversion price has certain anti-dilution protections for any stock splits, stock dividends, and corporate reorganizations, and certain other corporate transactions and issuances of securities at below the applicable conversion price per share or market value of the common stock, • the shares of Series C Preferred Stock pay a cumulative dividend at a rate of 8% per annum based on the stated value of $10.00 per share, payable when and as declared by the Board of Directors, or upon conversion or liquidation. At our option, dividends can be paid in cash or shares of common stock valued at the conversion price of the Series C Preferred Stock. • each share of Series C Preferred Stock will rank pari passu with our Series B Preferred Stock and senior to our Series A Preferred Stock, • in the event of our liquidation or winding up, each share of Series C Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference equal to $10.00 per share plus accrued and unpaid dividends, and • the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, together with the holders of our common stock, on the basis of one vote for each share of common stock issuable upon the conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock. There were cumulative arrearages of $1,402,348 and $1,132,628, or $4.16 and $3.36 per share, on the Series C Preferred Stock for undeclared dividends as of December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, respectively. In addition, the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock were granted certain mandatory and piggyback registration rights covering the shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock and are entitled to vote two members to our Board of Directors. 55 Table of Contents Warrants We have issued and outstanding warrants to purchase a total of 4,559,320 shares of our common stock, including: • Warrants to purchase 393,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $.25 per share expiring May 2009 which were issued by us in connection with the Series C Preferred Stock offering, which warrants contain a cashless exercise provision. The holders of the warrants were granted certain mandatory and piggy-back registration rights covering the shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of the warrants. • Warrants purchasing 468,400 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $.25 per share expiring on dates ranging from May 2008 to December 2008 which were issued by us to the placement agent of three offerings of our common stock that were conducted during 2003. • Warrants purchasing 270,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $.25 per share expiring December 2009 which were issued by us in connection with a private placement of common stock that occurred during 2004, which warrants contain a cashless exercise provision and piggyback registration rights. • Warrants to purchase 185,356 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.50 per share expiring in March 2014 which were issued in connection with a private placement of common stock that was conducted in 2007. • Warrants to purchase 89,434 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.67 per share expiring in December 2012 which were issued in connection with a private placement of common stock that was conducted in 2007. • Warrants to purchase 3,153,130 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.75 per share expiring in February 2012 which were issued in connection with a private placement of Convertible Debt that was conducted in February 2008. Series C Placement Agent Unit Option In connection with our March 2002 to March 2003 private placement of Series C Preferred Stock, we issued the placement agent an option to purchase 2.48 units. Each unit is exercisable at $100,000 per unit and consists of 10,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock and 5-year warrants to purchase 200,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.25 per share. An aggregate of 1,490,850 shares of common stock are issuable upon conversion of the Placement Agent Unit Option. The Placement Agent Unit Option contains a cashless exercise provision. The holder of the Placement Agent Unit Option was granted certain mandatory and piggyback registration rights covering the shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock and exercise of the warrants underlying Placement Agent Unit Option. The Placement Agent Unit Option expires May 31, 2008. 10% Convertible Note From February 1999 to May 1999, we issued 10% convertible notes (“10% Convertible Notes”) in the aggregate principal amount of $862,500. The 10% Convertible Notes pay 10% interest and were due and payable on June 2004. The holders have the right to convert the principal and interest amount into shares of our common stock at a rate of $1.25 per share. From 2000 to 2007, certain of the note holders converted an aggregate of $775,000 principal amount of the notes according to their terms into 1,456,638 shares of our common stock. In addition, the holders of the 10% Convertible Notes were granted certain demand and piggy-back registration rights for the shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of the 10% Convertible Notes. Secured Convertible Note During February 2008 we issued 10% convertible notes (the “Secured Convertible Notes”) in the aggregate principal amount of $2,325,000. The Secured Convertible Notes are due and payable in August 2008. The holders have the right to convert the principal and interest at a rate of $0.595 per share. The holders of the Secured Convertible Notes were also granted an aggregate of 2,930,672 warrants to purchase shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.75 per share. The warrants expire in February 2012. 56 Table of Contents Registration Rights We have granted registration rights covering an aggregate of 42,654,816 shares of our Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the outstanding shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, Series C Preferred Stock, convertible notes and certain outstanding shares of Common Stock. Our obligation to register the shares ceases when such securities have been effectively registered under the Securities Act and have been disposed of pursuant to an effective registration statement covering such shares, when such securities are distributed to the public pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act or when such securities may be sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144(k) (or any similar provision then in force) under the Securities Act are generally required to bear all expenses of these registrations, except underwriting discounts and commissions. Transfer Agent Our transfer agent is Jersey Transfer and Trust Co., 201 Bloomfield Avenue, Box #36, Verona, New Jersey 07044. Their telephone number is 973-239-2712. SELLING STOCKHOLDERS Overview This prospectus relates to the periodic offers and sales of up to 46,246,477 shares of common stock by the selling stockholders listed below and their pledgees, donees and other successors in interest. Common stock registered for resale under this prospectus constitute 61.9% of our issued and outstanding common stock as of May 9, 2007, assuming the conversion of the Secured Convertible Notes and the exercise of the warrants and Placement Agent Unit Options by the selling stockholders, which includes: • 13,686,000 shares of common stock that were issued upon conversion of Series B and Series C Preferred Stock which were sold between August 2001 and March 2003; • 393,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants issued between March 2002 and March 2003 in connection with the issuance of our Series C Preferred Stock; • 1,490,850 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of Placement Agent Unit Options issued in connection with the March 2002 to March 2003 private placement of our Series C Preferred Stock; • 3,907,563 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of Secured Convertible Notes and 2,930,672 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants issued in a private offering in February 2008; • 497,251 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants issued to our placement agents in connection with three private offerings that occurred between March 2007 and February 2008; • 23,341,141 shares of common stock that are presently issued and outstanding which include: • 1,400,000 shares of common stock which were sold between March 2002 and March 2003 in a private offering; • 2,484,000 shares of common stock which were sold between July 2003 and December 2003 in a private offering; • 3,000,000 shares of common stock which were sold between January 2004 and October 2004 in a private offering; • 850,000 shares of common stock which were sold between May 2005 and August 2005 in a private offering; • 6,409,395 shares of common stock which were issued December 31, 2006 upon the conversion of promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount plus accrued but unpaid interest in the aggregate amount of $3,204,698 at a conversion price of $0.50 per share; • 5,000,000 shares of common stock which were sold between February 2007 and March 2007 in a private offering; and • 1,853,563 shares of common stock issued March 2007 upon the conversion of promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount plus accrued but unpaid interest in the aggregate amount of $928,784 at a conversion price of $0.50 per share. • 2,344,183 shares of common stock which were sold between September 2007 and December 2007 in a private offering. 57 Table of Contents The following table sets forth: • the name of each selling stockholder; • the amount of common stock owned beneficially by each selling stockholder (which includes those shares underlying options and warrants); • the number of shares that may be offered by each selling stockholder pursuant to this prospectus; • the number of shares to be owned by each selling stockholder following sale of the shares covered by this prospectus; and • the percentage of our common stock to be owned by each selling stockholder following sale of the shares covered by this prospectus (based on 74,701,008 shares of our common stock outstanding as of the date of this prospectus), as adjusted to give effect to the issuance of shares upon the conversion of the named selling stockholder’s preferred stock and exercise of the named selling stockholder’s warrants, but no other person’s preferred stock or warrants. The costs of registering the shares offered by the selling stockholders are being paid by us. The selling stockholders will pay all other costs of the sale of the shares offered by them. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to outstanding voting securities, as well as any voting securities which the person has the right to acquire within 60 days, through the conversion or exercise of any security or other right. The information as to the number of shares of our common stock owned by each selling stockholder is based upon our books and records and the information provided by our transfer agent. We may amend or supplement this prospectus, from time to time, to update the disclosure set forth in the table. All of the shares being registered for resale under this prospectus for the selling security holders may be offered hereby. Because the selling stockholders identified in the table may sell some or all of the shares owned by them which are included in this prospectus and because there are currently no agreements, arrangements or understandings with respect to the sale of any of the shares, no estimate can be given as to the number of shares available for resale hereby that will be held by the selling stockholders upon termination of this offering. We have, therefore, assumed for the purposes of the following table, that the selling stockholders will sell all of the shares owned beneficially by them, which are covered by this prospectus, but will not sell any other shares of our common stock that they presently own. The information contained in the following table is derived from our books and records, as well as from our transfer agent. Stockholder Shares Owned Beneficially Prior To This Offering Shares to be Offered Pursuant to This Prospectus Shares Owned After Offering Percent of Class Owned After Offering A.J. Smit 1 129,000 129,000 — * Aart R. De Koomen 2 78,000 52,000 26,000 * Achille Verly 3 300,000 200,000 100,000 * Ad Klinkenberg 4 2,820,609 1,425,210 1,395,399 1.70 % Alberto Mendoza 5 150,000 100,000 50,000 * Alex Koval 6 206,303 56,303 150,000 * Alvin Stroyny 7 210,011 100,000 110,011 * Arendal Portfolio 8 100,000 100,000 — * Atlantic Balanced Fund 9 3,088,235 3,088,235 — * Atlantic Security Bank 10 2,000,000 2,000,000 — * 58 Table of Contents Stockholder Shares Owned Beneficially Prior To This Offering Shares to be Offered Pursuant to This Prospectus Shares Owned After Offering Percent of Class Owned After Offering Charles Vanbiervliet 11 111,416 111,416 — * Golden Hind Holdings, Inc. 12 168,607 168,607 — * Chesapeake Bay 13 100,000 100,000 — * Cornelis F. Wit 14 5,403,004 2,932,309 2,470,695 3.01 % David Vanbiervliet 15 500,000 500,000 — * Denison Smith 16 203,213 100,000 103,213 * Dennis Lavin 17 230,000 100,000 130,000 * Douglas Lindsay 18 729,961 300,000 429,961 * Dr. David Buchhalter & Dr. Sharon Buchhalter, JTWROS 19 150,000 100,000 50,000 * Dr. Guru Ramanathan 20 60,000 40,000 20,000 * Emerging Growth Equities 21 222,458 222,458 — * Empire Foods Pension Plan 22 316,106 316,106 — * Endherma SA 23 400,000 400,000 — * Fernando Montero 24 1,350,000 1,100,000 250,000 * Frido van Kesteren 25 353,213 100,000 253,213 * Gemini Master Fund, Ltd. 26 1,470,588 1,470,588 — * Gerry van Meeteren 27 640,000 400,000 240,000 * Gregory Berlacher 28 73,530 73,530 — * Guus van Kesteren 29 3,227,971 2,019,809 1,208,162 1.47 % G.I.A. Private Foundation 30 2,037,381 733,842 1,303,539 1.59 % Guy Vercauteren 31 526,118 226,118 300,000 * Harborview Master Fund L.P. 32 2,941,176 2,941,176 — * Ton Hoegee 33 150,000 150,000 — * Hendrik Morelisse 34 1,138,474 890,474 248,000 * Ingrid van ‘t Hof 35 202,466 202,466 — * Insignia, L.P 36 588,235 588,235 — * Iris M. Kay 37 150,000 100,000 50,000 * Jaap Hoff 38 1,813,674 400,000 1,413,674 1.72 % Jay D. Seid and Melvin Seid, JTWROS 39 73,530 73,530 — * 59 Table of Contents Stockholder Shares Owned Beneficially Prior To This Offering Shares to be Offered Pursuant to This Prospectus Shares Owned After Offering Percent of Class Owned After Offering NFS Custodian FBO Jill Steir IRA 40 73,530 73,530 — * John Lyche 41 600,000 400,000 200,000 * Jos Dreesens 42 1,654,102 800,000 854,102 1.04 % Karim Badr 43 220,424 80,000 140,424 * Kuyl Holdings BV 44 909,247 509,247 400,000 * Leonard G. Epstein 45 559,125 200,000 359,125 * Logimo NV 46 1,475,294 1,475,294 — * Luis Felipe Tavares 47 500,000 200,000 300,000 * Mijndert Ververs 48 1,500,000 1,000,000 500,000 * Magnolia Private Foundation 49 2,322,504 1,220,000 1,102,504 1.34 % Marcel van Dam 50 300,000 300,000 — * Martin Kallen 51 1,500,000 1,000,000 500,000 * Max Power 52 671,730 512,605 159,125 * Michiel Steel 53 624,194 624,194 — * Michel Uyttebroeck 54 200,000 200,000 — * Michiel Scholten 55 494,170 200,000 294,170 * Nathan Jacobson 56 546,497 200,000 346,497 * Nico Letschert 57 396,303 171,333 224,970 * Noesis International Holdings, Inc. 58 2,352,564 1,715,964 636,600 * Noesis NV 59 6,372,628 4,825,251 1,547,377 1.89 % Onno Schamhart 60 292,459 200,000 92,459 * Paul Spitzberg 61 168,908 168,908 — * Peter Copeland 62 112,605 112,605 — * Peter G. and Susan H. Stanley JTWROS 63 73,530 73,530 — * Peter van Wel 64 300,000 200,000 100,000 * Rick Danzansky 65 84,034 84,034 — * Rob J. Schuurman 66 180,000 120,000 60,000 * Robert Smith 67 150,000 100,000 50,000 * Ronald T. Linares 68 73,530 73,530 — * 60 Table of Contents Stockholder Shares Owned Beneficially Prior To This Offering Shares to be Offered Pursuant to This Prospectus Shares Owned After Offering Percent of Class Owned After Offering Simon P. Kooyman 69 150,000 100,000 50,000 * Steve Yeung 70 307,812 100,000 207,812 * Susan Trimbo 71 60,000 40,000 20,000 * Tobias Oord 72 150,000 100,000 50,000 * J.H.G. van der Woude 73 150,000 100,000 50,000 * Volodymyr Donchenko 74 311,540 311,540 — * Winifred Ann Pritchett 75 729,960 200,000 529,960 * Willem Mäkel 76 120,000 120,000 — * Wim Boegem 77 2,685,883 2,025,210 660,673 * Wooden Shoe Foundation 78 121,500 100,000 21,500 * Emerging Growth Equities PSP dtd 9/1/99 FBO Gregory Berlacher 401(k) 79 29,412 29,412 — * Noesis Capital Corp. 80 2,926,558 2,098,830 827,728 1.01 % 66,833,370 46,246,477 20,586,893 An “*” indicates less than 1%. (1) Shares owned prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 86,000 shares of common stock amd 43,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants with an exercise price of $0.25 per share. (2) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 52,000 shares of common stock. (3) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 100,000 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 200,000 shares of common stock. (4) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 1,262,066 shares of common stock and 133,333 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of our Series A Preferred Stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 1,425,210 shares of common stock. (5) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 50,000 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 100,000 shares of common stock. (6) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include vested options to purchase an aggregate of 150,000 shares of our common stock at prices ranging from $0.41 to $0.49 per share with expiration dates ranging from December 2013 to December 2105 and 56,303 shares of common stock. (7) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 76,678 shares of common stock and 33,333 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of our Series A Preferred Stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus includes 100,000 shares of common stock. 61 Table of Contents (8) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 100,000 shares of common stock. (9) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 252,101 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of warrants at an exercise price of $.75 per share with an expiration date of February 2012, 336,134 shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of Convertible Notes with a conversion price of $0.595 per share and 2,500,000 shares of common stock. Mentor Capital Corporation is the fund manager for ABF and has voting and dispositive control over the shares held by ABF. Mr. Montero is the president, director and sole owner of Mentor Capital Corporation and may be considered the beneficial owner of the 3,088,235 shares held by ABF. (10) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 2,000,000 shares of common stock. Fernando Montero is the control person of Atlantic Security Bank. Mr. Montero disclaims dispositive control over the shares held by Atlantic Security Bank. (11) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 111,416 shares of common stock. (12) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 168,607 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering ans shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 800,000 shares of common stock. Dennis Lavin is the control person of Golden Hind Holdings, Inc. (13) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 100,000 shares of common stock. Hendrik Morellisse is the control person of Chesapeake Bay. (14) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include vested options to purchase an aggregate of 1,355,000 shares of our common stock at prices ranging from $0.25 to $0.61 per share with expiration dates ranging from August 2008 to April 2014 and 1,125,695 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus includes 2,491,132 shares of common stock, and 189,076 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of warrants at an exercise price of $.75 per share with an expiration date of February 2012 and 252,101 shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of Convertible Notes with a conversion price of $0.595 per share. Mr. Wit is our Chief Executive Officer, President and a member of our Board of Directors. (15) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 500,000 shares of common stock. (16) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 23,213 shares of common stock and 80,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of our Series A Preferred Stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus includes 100,000 shares of common stock. (17) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 130,000 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus includes 100,000 shares of common stock. (18) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 296,628 shares of common stock and 133,333 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of our Series A Preferred Stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus includes 300,000 shares of common stock. (19) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 50,000 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 100,000 shares of common stock. 62 Table of Contents (20) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 20,000 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 40,000 shares of common stock. (21) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 222,458 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of warrants at an exercise price of $0.75 per share with an expiration date of February 2012. Gregory J. Berlacher is the control person of Emerging Growth Equities, a broker dealer and member of FINRA who acted as the placement for an offering of our Secured Convertible Debt during 2008. (22) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 316,106 shares of common stock. Leonard Epstein is the control person of Empire Foods Pension Plan. (23) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 400,000 shares of common stock. David Vanbiervliet is the control person of Endherma, S.A. (24) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include vested options to purchase an aggregate of 150,000 shares of our common stock at $0.70 per share with an expiration date of August 2014 and 100,000 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 1,100,000 shares of common stock. (25) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 253,213 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus includes 100,000 shares of common stock. (26) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 630,252 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of warrants at an exercise price of $.75 per share with an expiration date of February 2012 and 840,336 shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of Convertible Notes with a conversion price of $0.595 per share. Steve Winters is the control person of Gemini Master Fund, Ltd. (27) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 240,000 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus includes 400,000 shares of common stock. (28) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 18,908 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of warrants at an exercise price of $.75 per share with an expiration date of February 2012 and 25,210 shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of Convertible Notes with a conversion price of $0.595 per share. Gregory Berlacher is the President of Emerging Growth Equities, a broker dealer and member of FINRA who acted as the placement for an offering of our Secured Convertible Debt during 2008. Also includes 28,872 shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus which include 12,605 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of warrants at an exercise price of $.75 per share with an expiration date of February 2012 and 16,807 shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of Convertible Notes with a conversion price of $0.595 per share owned by Emerging Growth Equities PSP dtd 9/1/99 FBO Gregory Berlacher 401(k). Gregory Berlacher has voting and dispostive control over the securities owned by Emerging Growth Equities PSP dtd 9/1/99 FBO Gregory Berlacher 401(k) (29) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include vested options to purchase an aggregate of 375,000 shares of our common stock at prices ranging from $0.25 to $0.61 per shares with expiration dates ranging from June 2010 to April 2014, and 833,162 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 1,578,632 shares of common stock, and 189,076 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of warrants at an exercise price of $.75 per share with an expiration date of February 2012 and 252,101 shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of Convertible Notes with a conversion price of $0.595 per share. Mr. van Kesteren is a member of our Board of Directors 63 Table of Contents (30) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 1,243,539 shares of common stock and 60,000 shares of common issuable upon conversion of our Series A Preferred Stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 733,842 shares of common stock. Guy Brissette is the control person of G.I.A. Foundation. (31) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 266,667 shares of common stock and 33,333 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of our Series A Preferred Stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus includes 226,118 shares of common stock. (32) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 1,260,504 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of warrants at an exercise price of $.75 per share with an expiration date of February 2012 and 1,680,672 shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of Convertible Notes with a conversion price of $0.595 per share. Richard Rosenblum is the control person of Harborview Master Fund, L.P. (33) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 150,000 shares of common stock. (34) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 248,000 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 890,474 shares of common stock. (35) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 202,466 shares of common stock. (36) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 252,101 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of warrants at an exercise price of $.75 per share with an expiration date of February 2012 and 336,134 shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of Convertible Notes with a conversion price of $0.595 per share. Robert A. Berlacher is the agent for and control person of Insignia, L.P. (37) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 50,000 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 100,000 shares of common stock. (38) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 133,333 issuable upon conversion of our Series A Preferred Stock and 1,280,341 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 400,000 shares of common stock. (39) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 31,513 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of warrants at an exercise price of $.75 per share with an expiration date of February 2012 and 42,017 shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of Convertible Notes with a conversion price of $0.595 per share. Jay Seid is a Director of Corporate Development of Emerging Growth Equities, a broker dealer and member of FINRA who acted as the placement for an offering of our Secured Convertible Debt during 2008. (40) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 31,513 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of warrants at an exercise price of $.75 per share with an expiration date of February 2012 and 42,017 shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of Convertible Notes with a conversion price of $0.595 per share. Jill Steir is a Senior Vice President of Corporate Development of Emerging Growth Equities, a broker dealer and member of FINRA who acted as the placement for an offering of our Secured Convertible Debt during 2008. (41) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 200,000 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 400,000 shares of common stock. 64 Table of Contents (42) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 854,102 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 400,000 shares of common stock. (43) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 140,424 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 80,000 shares of common stock. (44) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 400,000 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 509,247 shares of common stock. Herman Kuyl is the control person of Kuyl Holdings BV. (45) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering includes 359,125 shares of common stock. Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 200,000 shares of common stock. (46) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 1,475,294 shares of common stock. Jan Vandamme is the control person of Logimo NV. (47) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 300,000 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 200,000 shares of common stock. (48) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 500,000 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 1,000,000 shares of common stock. (49) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 1,102,504 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 1,220,000 shares of common stock. Jan Vandamme is the control person of Magnolia Private Foundation. (50) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 300,000 shares of common stock (51) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 500,000 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 1,000,000 shares of common stock. (52) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 33,333 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of our Series A Preferred Stock and 125,792 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 512,605 shares of common stock. Gregory Elias is the control person of Max Power. (53) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 624,194 shares of common stock. (54) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 200,000 shares of common stock. (55) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 83,333 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of our Series A Preferred Stock and 210,837 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 200,000 shares of common stock. (56) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 100,000 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of our Series A Preferred Stock and 246,497 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 200,000 shares of common stock. 65 Table of Contents (57) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 224,970 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 171,333 shares of common stock. Nico Letschert is the Chief Executive Officer of Noesis Capital Corp., a broker dealer and a member of FINRA who acted as the placement agent for our Series C Preferred Stock Offering and certain other offerings. Also includes 1,464,328 shares owned beneficially prior to this offering, and shares owned after this offering include 738,400 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of common stock warrants with an exercise price of $.25 per share with expiration dates ranging from September 2008 to December 2010 owned by Noesis Capital Corp. and 725,928 shares of common stock owned by Noesis International Holdings, the parent company of Noesis Capital Corp., and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 1,849,154 shares of common stock, and 474,790 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants at exercise prices ranging from $.25 to $0.595 per share with expiration dates ranging from May 2008 to March 2014 and 993,900 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of our Series C Preferred Stock and 496,950 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of warrants at an exercise price of $.25 per share owned by Noesis Capital Corp. pursuant to a Placement Agent Unit Option. Noesis Capital Corp. is a broker dealer and a member of FINRA who acted as the placement agent for our Series C Preferred Stock Offering and certain other offerings. (58) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after this offering include 636,600 shares of common stock owned by Noesis International Holdings and 827,728 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of common stock warrants with an exercise price of $.25 per share with expiration dates ranging from May 2008 to February 2012 owned by Noesis Capital Corp, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Noesis International Holdings., and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 1,515,964 shares of common stock, and 200,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants at an exercise price of $0.25 per share with an expiration date of May 2009 and 274,790 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants at exercise prices ranging from $.25 to $0.595 per share with expiration dates ranging from May 2008 to March 2014 and 993,900 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of our Series C Preferred Stock and 496,950 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of warrants at an exercise price of $.25 per share pursuant to a Placement Agent Unit Option and 333,190 shares of common stock owned by Noesis Capital Corp. Noesis International Holdings is the parent of Noesis Capital Corp. Noesis Capital Corp. is a broker dealer and a member of FINRA who acted as the placement agent for our Series C Preferred Stock Offering and certain other offerings. (59) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after this offering include 1,547,377 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 4,825,251 shares of common stock. Gregory Elias is the control person of Noesis NV. (60) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 33,333 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of our Series A Preferred Stock and 59,126 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 200,000 shares of common stock . (61) Shares shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 168,908 shares of common stock. (62) Shares shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 112,605 shares of common stock. (63) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 31,513 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of warrants at an exercise price of $.75 per share with an expiration date of February 2012 and 42,017 shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of Convertible Notes with a conversion price of $0.595 per share. (64) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 100,000 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 200,000 shares of common stock. (65) Shares shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 84,034 shares of common stock. 66 Table of Contents (66) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 60,000 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 120,000 shares of common stock. (67) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 50,000 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 100,000 shares of common stock. (68) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include vested options to purchase an aggregate of 700,000 shares of our common stock at prices ranging from $0.25 to $0.61 per share with expiration dates ranging from August 2008 to December 2014, and 189,481 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus includes 31,513 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of warrants at an exercise price of $.75 per share with an expiration date of February 2012 and 42,017 shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of Convertible Notes with a conversion price of $0.595 per share. Mr. Linares is our Chief Financial Officer. (69) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 50,000 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 100,000 shares of common stock. (70) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 66,667 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of our Series A Preferred Stock and 141,145 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 100,000 shares of common stock. (71) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 20,000 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 40,000 shares of common stock. (72) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 50,000 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 100,000 shares of common stock. (73) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 150,000 shares of common stock. Koge van der Woude is the control person of Taxus BV. (74) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 311,540 shares of common stock. (75) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 133,333 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of our Series A Preferred Stock and 396,627 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 200,000 shares of common stock. (76) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 120,000 shares of common stock. (77) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 660,673 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 2,025,210 shares of common stock. (78) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after the offering include 21,500 shares of common stock and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 100,000 shares of common stock. Rik Klomp is the control person of Wooden Shoe Foundation. (79) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 12,605 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of warrants at an exercise price of $.75 per share with an expiration date of February 2012 and 16,807 shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of Convertible Notes with a conversion price of $0.595 per share. Gregory Berlacher is the President of Emerging Growth Equities, a broker dealer and member of FINRA who acted as the placement agent for an offering of our Secured Convertible Debt during 2008. 67 Table of Contents (80) Shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares owned after this offering include 827,728 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of common stock warrants with an exercise price of $.25 per share with expiration dates ranging from May 2008 to February 2012 and shares owned beneficially prior to this offering and shares to be offered pursuant to this prospectus include 333,190 shares of common stock, and 274,790 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants at exercise prices ranging from $.25 to $0.595 per share with expiration dates ranging from May 2008 to March 2014 and 993,900 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of our Series C Preferred Stock and 496,950 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of warrants at an exercise price of $.25 per share pursuant to a Placement Agent Unit Option. Noesis Capital Corp. is a broker dealer and a member of FINRA who acted as the placement agent for our Series C Preferred Stock Offering and certain other offerings. Noesis Capital Corp. is a broker dealer and member of FINRA and it received the securities as compensation for acting as placement agent for our Series C Preferred Stock offering. Emerging Growth Equities is a broker dealer and member of FINRA and it received the securities as compensation for acting as placement agent for our offering of Secured Convertible Debt during 2008. To our knowledge neither Noesis Capital Corp., Emerging Growth Equities, nor any of the selling stockholders, have any arrangement with any person to participate in the distribution of such securities. We have agreed to pay full costs and expenses, incentives to the issuance, offer, sale and delivery of the shares, including all fees and expenses in preparing, filing and printing the registration statement and prospectus and related exhibits, amendments and supplements thereto and mailing of those items. We will not pay selling commissions and expenses associated with any sale by the selling security holders. PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION The selling security holders and any of their pledgees, assignees and successors-in-interest may, from time to time, sell any or all of their shares of common stock on the OTC Bulletin Board or any other stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the shares are traded or in private transactions. These sales may be at fixed or negotiated prices. The selling security holders may use any one or more of the following methods when selling shares: • ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers; • block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the shares as agent but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction; • purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account; • an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange; • privately negotiated transactions; • settlement of short sales entered into after the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part; • broker-dealers may agree with the selling security holders to sell a specified number of such shares at a stipulated price per share; • a combination of any such methods of sale; or • any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law. The selling security holders may also sell shares under Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, if available, rather than under this prospectus. Broker-dealers engaged by the selling security holders may arrange for other broker-dealers to participate in sales. Broker-dealers may receive commissions or discounts from the selling security holders (or, if any broker-dealer acts as agent for the purchaser of shares, from the purchaser) in amounts to be negotiated, but, except as set forth in a supplement to this prospectus, in the case of an agency transaction not in excess of a customary brokerage commission in compliance with Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) NASDR Rule 2440; and in the case of a principal transaction a markup or markdown in compliance with NASDR IM-2440. 68 Table of Contents Broker-dealers may agree to sell a specified number of such shares at a stipulated price per share, and, to the extent such broker-dealer is unable to do so acting as agent for us or a selling shareholder, to purchase as principal any unsold shares at the price required to fulfill the broker-dealer commitment. Broker-dealers who acquire shares as principal may thereafter resell such shares from time to time in transactions, which may involve block transactions and sales to and through other broker-dealers, including transactions of the nature described above, in the over-the-counter markets or otherwise at prices and on terms then prevailing at the time of sale, at prices then related to the then-current market price or in negotiated transactions. In connection with such resales, broker-dealers may pay to or receive from the purchasers of such shares, commissions as described above. In the event that shares are resold to any broker-dealer, as principal, who is acting as an underwriter, we will file a post-effective amendment to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, identifying the broker-dealer(s), providing required information relating to the plan of distribution and filing any agreement(s) with such broker-dealer(s) as an exhibit. The involvement of a broker-dealer as an underwriter in the offering will require prior clearance of the terms of underwriting compensation and arrangements from the Corporate Finance Department of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. The selling security holder and these broker-dealers and agents and any other participating broker-dealers, or agents may be deemed to be “underwriters” within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, in connection with the sales. Because selling security holders may be deemed to be “underwriters” within the meaning of the Securities Act, they will be subject to the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act. The selling security holders may, from time to time, pledge or grant a security interest in some or all of the shares or common stock or warrants owned by them and, if they default in the performance of their secured obligations, the pledgees or secured parties may offer and sell the shares of common stock, from time to time, under this prospectus, or under a supplement to this prospectus under Rule 424 (b)(3) or other applicable provision of the Securities Act of 1933 amending the list of selling security holders to include the pledgee, transferee or other successors-in-interest as selling security holders under this prospectus. The selling security holders also may transfer the shares of common stock in other circumstances, in which case the transferees, pledgees or other successors-in-interest will be the selling beneficial owners for purposes of this prospectus. We will supplement this prospectus to disclose the names of any pledges, donees, transferees, or other successors-in-interest that intend to offer common stock through this prospectus. Special considerations related to penny stock rules Shares of our common stock may be subject to rules adopted by the SEC that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in “penny stocks”. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than $5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ Stock Market, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in those securities is provided by the exchange or system). The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document which contains the following: • a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; • a description of the broker’s or dealer’s duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to violation to these duties or other requirements of securities laws; • a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including “bid” and “ask” prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the “bid” and “ask” price; • a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; • definitions of significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and • other information as the SEC may require by rule or regulation. 69 Table of Contents Prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, the broker-dealer also must provide the customer the following: • the bid and offer quotations for the penny stock; • the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; • the number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; and • monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer’s account. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser’s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written statement. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for a stock that becomes subject to the penny stock rules. Holders of shares of our common stock may have difficulty selling those shares because our common stock may be subject to the penny stock rules. Registration of Selling Security Holders’ Common Stock This prospectus is part of a registration statement we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In connection with any such registration, we will have no obligation to assist or cooperate with the selling security holders in the offering or disposing of such shares; to indemnify or hold harmless the holders of any such shares, other than the selling security holders or any underwriter designated by such holders; or to obtain a commitment from an underwriter relative to the sale of any such shares. We will assume no obligation or responsibility whatsoever to determine a method of disposition for such shares or to otherwise include such shares within the confines of any registered offering other than the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. We will use our best efforts to file one or more post-effective amendments to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part to describe any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in this prospectus or any material change to such information in this prospectus. This may include, to the extent required under the Securities Act of 1933, that a supplemental prospectus be filed, disclosing: • the name of any broker-dealers; • the number of common shares involved; • the price at which the common shares are to be sold; • the commissions paid or discounts or concessions allowed to broker-dealers, where applicable; • that broker-dealers did not conduct any investigation to verify the information set out or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, as supplemented; and • any other facts material to the transaction. SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE At the date of this prospectus, we have 74,701,008 shares of common stock issued and outstanding of which 49,158,086 shares are freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased by an affiliate of ours. This does not include 12,500,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options under our stock option plan, 11,875,720 of which have been granted or 4,559,320 shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding warrants. They may be resold by their holders as long as they are covered by a current registration statement or under an available exemption from registration. 70 Table of Contents The remaining 25,542,922 shares of common stock currently outstanding are restricted securities. The remaining restricted shares will become eligible for sale under Rule 144 at various times provided that they have been held for at least six months. In general, under Rule 144, as currently in effect, a person, or person whose shares are aggregated, who is not our affiliate or has not been an affiliate during the prior three months and owns shares that were purchased from us, or any affiliate, at least six months previously, is entitled to make unlimited public resales of such shares provided there is current public information available at the time of the resales and provided however that in the event the company was a shell company, a person or person whose shares are aggregated, who is not our affiliate or has not been an affiliate during the prior three months and owns shares that were purchased from us, or any affiliate is entitled to make unlimited public resales of such shares provided there is current public information available for one year prior to the resale. After a one-year holding period a non-affiliate is entitled to make unlimited public resales of our shares without the requirement that current public information be available at the time of the resales. A person, or persons whose shares are aggregated, who are affiliates of our company and own shares that were purchased from us, or any affiliate, at least six months previously is entitled to sell within any three month period, a number of shares of our common stock that does not exceed the greater of 1% of the then outstanding shares of our common stock, subject to manner of sale provisions, notice requirements and the availability of current public information about us. We cannot predict the effect, if any, that market sales of common stock or the availability of these shares for sale will have on the market price of the shares from time to time. Nevertheless, the possibility that substantial amounts of common stock may be sold in the public market could adversely affect market prices for the common stock and could damage our ability to raise capital through the sale of our equity securities. LEGAL MATTERS The validity of the securities offered by this prospectus will be passed upon for us by Schneider Weinberger and Beilly, LLC, 2200 Corporate Boulevard, N.W., Suite 210, Boca Raton, 33431. EXPERTS Our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, and for the years then ended, appearing in this prospectus and registration statement have been audited by Greenberg & Company CPA’s LLC, independent auditors, as set forth in their report thereon appearing elsewhere in this prospectus, and are included in reliance upon this report given on the authority of such firm as experts in auditing and accounting. WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION We have filed with the SEC the registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act for the common stock offered by this prospectus. This prospectus, which is a part of the registration statement, does not contain all of the information in the registration statement and the exhibits filed with it, portions of which have been omitted as permitted by SEC rules and regulations. For further information concerning us and the securities offered by this prospectus, we refer to the registration statement and to the exhibits filed with it. Statements contained in this prospectus as to the content of any contract or other document referred to are not necessarily complete. In each instance, we refer you to the copy of the contracts and/or other documents filed as exhibits to the registration statement. We file annual and special reports and other information with the SEC. Certain of our SEC filings are available over the Internet at the SEC’s web site at http://www.sec.gov. You may also read and copy any document we file with the SEC at its public reference facilities: Public Reference Room Office 100 F Street, N.E. Room 1580 Washington, D.C. 20549 You may also obtain copies of the documents at prescribed rates by writing to the Public Reference Section of the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Callers in the United States can also call 1-202-551-8090 for further information on the operations of the public reference facilities. 71 Table of Contents OMNICOMM SYSTEMS, INC. INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Independent Auditors’ Report F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheet – December 31, 2007 and 2006 F-3 Consolidated Statement of Operations – Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 F-4 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows – Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 F-5 Consolidated Statement of Shareholders’ Equity – Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 F-7 Notes to Consolidated Audited Financial Statements F-8 F-1 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and Board of Directors OmniComm Systems, Inc. Fort Lauderdale, Florida We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of OmniComm Systems, Inc. as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders’ equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2007. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based upon our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis of designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statements presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of OmniComm Systems, Inc. at December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the results of its operations and cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has incurred losses and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans in regard to these matters are also discussed in Note 3. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. GREENBERG & COMPANY LLC Springfield, New Jersey February 8, 2008, except for Note 15, as to which the date is March 4, 2008 F-2 Table of Contents OMNICOMM SYSTEMS, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2007 December 31, 2006 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS Cash $ 481,961 $ 38,254 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $2,586 and $58,539 in 2007 and 2006, respectively 769,325 286,708 Prepaid expenses 37,628 42,026 Total current assets 1,288,914 366,988 PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, net 434,699 199,931 OTHER ASSETS Intangible assets 2,285 2,686 Other assets 16,229 12,937 TOTAL ASSETS $ 1,742,127 $ 582,542 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT) CURRENT LIABILITIES Accounts payable and accrued expenses $ 681,731 $ 645,375 Accrued payroll taxes 14,550 74,766 10% Convertible Notes 87,500 100,000 Notes payable – current portion -0- 350,000 Deferred revenue 2,632,274 1,643,566 Total current liabilities 3,416,055 2,813,707 NOTES PAYABLE, net of current portion 111,800 415,000 NOTES PAYABLE RELATED PARTY, net of current portion 185,000 185,000 TOTAL LIABILITIES 3,712,855 3,413,707 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (See Note 9) SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT) Undesignated preferred stock - $.001 par value. 4,022,500 shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding -0- -0- Series B convertible preferred stock, - $.001 par value. 230,000 shares authorized, 48,000 and 50,000 issued and outstanding, respectively; liquidation preference $480,000 and $500,000, respectively 48 50 Series C convertible preferred stock, - $.001 par value. 747,500 shares authorized, 337,150 and 337,150 issued and outstanding, respectively; liquidation preference $3,371,500 and $3,371,500, respectively 337 337 5% Series A convertible preferred stock - $0.001 par value, 5,000,000 shares authorized; 4,170,224 and 4,215,224 issued and outstanding, respectively; liquidation preference $4,170,224 and $4,215,224, respectively 4,170 4,215 Common stock – 150,000,000 shares authorized, 59,032,598 and 47,972,091 issued and outstanding, after deducting 802,612 and 773,878 shares of treasury stock, at $.001 par value, respectively 59,786 48,697 Additional paid in capital – preferred 7,638,549 7,703,502 Additional paid in capital – common 27,893,433 21,719,097 Stock subscription receivable -0- (1,250 ) Accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) 7,957 (2,041 ) Less: Treasury stock, cost method, 802,612 and 773,878 shares, respectively (369,389 ) (351,861 ) Accumulated deficit (37,205,619 ) (31,951,911 ) TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT) (1,970,728 ) (2,831,165 ) TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT) $ 1,742,127 $ 582,542 See accompanying summary of accounting policies and notes to financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents OMNICOMM SYSTEMS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS For the years ended December 31, 2007 2006 Total revenues $ 3,723,841 $ 2,763,039 Cost of sales 1,033,824 969,323 Gross margin 2,690,017 1,793,716 Operating expenses Salaries, benefits and related taxes 5,886,663 3,986,311 Rent & occupancy expenses 342,255 221,817 Consulting services 320,360 376,152 Legal and professional fees 291,959 233,035 Travel 324,676 222,419 Telephone and internet 131,786 91,027 Selling, general and administrative 522,565 338,761 Depreciation and amortization 85,769 55,900 Total operating expenses 7,906,033 5,525,422 Operating income (loss) (5,216,016 ) (3,731,706 ) Other income (expense) Interest expense (57,777 ) (509,648 ) Interest income 20,085 -0- (Loss) before taxes and preferred dividends (5,253,708 ) (4,241,354 ) Net income (loss) (5,253,708 ) (4,241,354 ) Preferred stock dividends in arrears Series A Preferred (210,574 ) (210,761 ) Preferred stock dividends in arrears Series B Preferred (39,467 ) (42,663 ) Preferred stock dividends in arrears Series C Preferred (269,720 ) (269,720 ) Total preferred stock dividends (519,761 ) (523,144 ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders $ (5,773,469 ) $ (4,764,498 ) Net (loss) per share, basic and diluted $ (0.10 ) $ (0.14 ) Weighted average number of shares outstanding, basic and diluted 55,545,968 34,936,930 See accompanying summary of accounting policies and notes to financial statements F-4 Table of Contents OMNICOMM SYSTEM, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2007 AND DECEMBER 31, 2006 2007 2006 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income (loss) $ (5,253,708 ) $ (4,241,354 ) Adjustment to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Common stock issued on cashless exercise of options (6,311 ) (26,914 ) Common stock issued for services 37,500 40,000 Common stock issued for accrued interest 76,051 280,438 Note payable issued for accrued expenses -0- 185,000 Employee stock option expense 980,823 786,703 Warrants exercised in exchange for accrued expense -0- 80,750 Depreciation and amortization 85,769 55,900 Interest expense from beneficial conversion of 10% Convertible Notes 7,500 195,880 Change in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable (482,617 ) (50,626 ) Prepaid expenses 4,398 (39,632 ) Other assets (2,891 ) (7,440 ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses (29,312 ) (118,228 ) Deferred revenue 988,708 594,859 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities (3,594,090 ) (2,264,664 ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Sale of property and equipment -0- 2,500 Investment in intangible assets -0- (3,065 ) Purchase of property and equipment (322,483 ) (228,077 ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (322,483 ) (228,642 ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 4,023,965 1,806,845 Proceeds from exercise of employee stock options 113,267 223,375 Stock subscription receivable 1,250 (1,250 ) Repayments of notes payable -0- (20,300 ) Proceeds from notes payable 211,800 515,000 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 4,350,282 2,523,670 Effect of exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents 9,998 (2,041 ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 443,707 28,323 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 38,254 9,931 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $ 481,961 $ 38,254 F-5 Table of Contents OMNICOMM SYSTEM, INC CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2007 AND DECEMBER 31, 2006 (continued) For the years ended December 31, 2007 2006 Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: Cash paid during the period for: Income tax $ -0- $ -0- Interest $ 10,400 $ 13,130 Non-cash Transactions Conversion of 10% Notes Payable into common stock $ 12,500 $ 25,000 Accrued interest converted into common stock $ 68,552 $ 280,438 Common stock issued in exchange for notes payable $ 926,782 $ 2,924,260 Conversion of Series B Preferred Stock into common stock $ 20,000 $ 150,000 Common stock tendered in exercise of incentive stock options $ 17,528 $ 52,000 Notes payable issued for accrued expenses $ -0- $ 185,000 Common stock issued for services in lieu of pay $ 205,747 $ 40,000 Conversion of series B common stock warrants on a cashless basis $ -0- $ 1,600,000 Exercise of series B placement agent unit option on a cashless basis $ -0- $ 557,013 Conversion of Series A preferred stock into shares of common stock $ 45,000 $ -0- See accompanying summary of accounting policies and notes to financial statements F-6 Table of Contents OMNICOMM SYSTEMS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT) FOR THE PERIOD JANUARY 1, 2006 TO DECEMBER 31, 2007 Preferred Stock 5% Series A Convertible 8% Series B Convertible Common Stock Additional Paid In Capital Number of Shares $ 0.001 Par Value Additional Paid In Capital Number of Shares $ 0.001 Par Value Additional Paid In Capital Number of Shares $ 0.001 Par Value Balances at December 31, 2005 27,425,915 28,051 15,201,406 4,215,224 4,215 3,807,964 65,000 65 361,453 Conversion of Warrants 7,240,000 7,240 1,800,079 Conversion of Series B Preferred Stock 600,000 600 149,400 (15,000 ) (15 ) (149,985 ) Conversion of Placement Agent Unit Options 1,138,139 1,138 (1,138 ) Conversion of warrants - cashless exercise 3,537,232 3,537 (3,537 ) Exercise of employee stock options 1,248,410 1,248 246,739 Common stock issued for notes payable and accrued interest 6,409,395 6,410 3,198,288 Common stock tendered in exercise of incentive stock options (100,000 ) Common stock issued in conversion of 10% Convertible Notes Payable 50,000 50 24,950 Common stock warrants exercised for accrued expenses 323,000 323 80,427 Common stock issued in lieu of wages 100,000 100 39,900 Beneficial conversion of 10% Convertible Note Payable and common stock warrants 195,880 Employee stock option expense 786,703 Foreign currency translation adjustment Net loss for the period ended December 31, 2006 — — — — — — — — — Balances at December 31, 2006 47,972,091 48,697 21,719,097 4,215,224 4,215 3,807,964 50,000 50 211,468 Conversion of Warrants 1,410,000 1,410 351,056 Issuance of common stock 6,785,881 6,786 3,729,589 Exercise of employee stock options 595,364 595 123,989 Common stock issued for notes payable and accrued interest 1,853,563 1,853 860,053 Common stock tendered in exercise of incentive stock options (28,734 ) Common stock issued in conversion of 10% Convertible Notes Payable 38,541 39 26,732 Beneficial conversion of 10% Convertible Note Payable and common stock warrants Employee stock option expense 980,823 Foreign currency translation adjustment Collection on subscription receivable Conversion of Series B Preferred Stock 80,000 80 19,920 (2,000 ) (2 ) (19,998 ) Common stock issued for accrued expenses 295,892 296 37,204 Conversion of Series A Preferred stock into common stock 30,000 30 44,970 (45,000 ) (45 ) (44,955 ) Net loss for the period ended December 31, 2007 Balances at December 31, 2007 59,032,598 59,786 27,893,433 4,170,224 4,170 3,763,009 48,000 48 191,470 Preferred Stock 8% Series C Convertible Number of Shares $ 0.001 Par Value Additional Paid In Capital Accumulated Deficit Deferred Compensation Subscription Receivable Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) Treasury Stock Total Shareholders’ Equity (Deficit) Balances at December 31, 2005 337,150 337 3,684,070.49 (27,710,557 ) (0 ) (0 ) — (299,861 ) (4,922,856 ) Conversion of Warrants — 1,807,319 Conversion of Series B Preferred Stock — Conversion of Placement Agent Unit Options — Conversion of warrants - cashless exercise — Exercise of employee stock options (1,250 ) 246,737 Common stock issued for notes payable and accrued interest 3,204,697 Common stock tendered in exercise of incentive stock options (52,000 ) (52,000 ) Common stock issued in conversion of 10% Convertible Notes Payable 25,000 Common stock warrants exercised for accrued expenses 80,750 Common stock issued in lieu of wages 40,000 Beneficial conversion of 10% Convertible Note Payable and common stock warrants 195,880 Employee stock option expense 786,703 Foreign currency translation adjustment (2,041 ) (2,041 ) Net loss for the period ended December 31, 2006 — — — (4,241,354 ) — — — — (4,241,354 ) Balances at December 31, 2006 337,150 337 3,684,070 (31,951,911 ) (0 ) (1,250 ) (2,041 ) (351,861 ) (2,831,165 ) Conversion of Warrants 352,466 Issuance of common stock 0 3,736,374 Exercise of employee stock options 124,584 Common stock issued for notes payable and accrued interest 861,907 Common stock tendered in exercise of incentive stock options (17,528 ) (17,528 ) Common stock issued in conversion of 10% Convertible Notes Payable 26,771 Beneficial conversion of 10% Convertible Note Payable and common stock warrants — Employee stock option expense 980,823 Foreign currency translation adjustment 9,998 9,998 Collection on subscription receivable 1,250 1,250 Conversion of Series B Preferred Stock — Common stock issued for accrued expenses 37,500 Conversion of Series A Preferred stock into common stock Net loss for the period ended December 31, 2007 (5,253,708 ) (5,253,708 ) Balances at December 31, 2007 337,150 $ 337 $ 3,684,070 $ (37,205,619 ) $ (0 ) $ (0 ) $ 7,957 $ (369,389 ) $ (1,970,728 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-7 Table of Contents NOTE 1: ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS OmniComm Systems, Inc. is a healthcare technology company that provides Web-based electronic data capture (“EDC”) solutions and related value-added services to pharmaceutical and biotech companies, clinical research organizations, and other clinical trial sponsors located in the United States. TrialMaster™ allows clinical trial sponsors and investigative sites to securely collect, validate, transmit, and analyze clinical trial data. Our ability to compete within the EDC industry is predicated on our ability to continue enhancing and broadening the scope of solutions offered through TrialMaster. Our research and development efforts are focused on developing new, complementary software solutions, as well as enhancing our existing software solutions through the addition of increased functionality. During fiscal 2007, we spent approximately $917,000 on research and development activities, the majority of which represented salaries to our developers. In fiscal 2006 we spent approximately $742,000 on research and development activities, which include costs associated with customization of the TrialMaster software for our client’s projects. NOTE 2: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION The Company’s accounts include those of all its wholly owned subsidiaries and have been prepared in conformity with (i) accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; and (ii) the rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries have been eliminated in consolidation. ESTIMATES IN FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and footnotes thereto. Actual results may differ from those estimates. RECLASSIFICATIONS Certain reclassifications have been made in the 2006 financial statements to conform to the 2007 presentation. These reclassifications did not have any effect on net income (loss) or shareholders’ equity. SEGMENT INFORMATION The Company operates in one reportable segment which is the delivery of EDC services and products to clinical trial sponsors. The Company segregates its revenues based on the activity cycle used to generate its revenues. Accordingly, revenues are currently generated through three main activities. These activities include: • the initial setup activities associated with building, implementing and initiating clinical trial projects; • change orders or change requests made by the clinical trial sponsor that require changes to the scope of the clinical trial project; and • the maintenance fees paid by our customers for clinical trial projects that have been implemented. The services provided include application hosting and related support services. Services for this offering are charged monthly as a fixed fee. Revenues are recognized ratably over the period of the service. F-8 Table of Contents The fees associated with each business activity for the years ended December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, respectively are: Business Activity 2007 2006 Clinical Trial Setup $ 2,352,719 $ 1,921,847 Change Orders 332,511 253,355 Maintenance Fees 1,038,611 587,837 Total Revenues $ 3,723,841 $ 2,763,039 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid, short-term investments with maturities of 90 days or less. The carrying amount reported in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets approximates fair value. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE Accounts receivable are judged as to collectibility by management and an allowance for bad debts is established as necessary. The Company had recorded an allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable of $2,586 and $58,539 as of December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, respectively. CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK Except as follows, the Company has no significant off-balance-sheet risk or credit risk concentrations. Financial instruments that subject the Company to potential credit risks are principally cash equivalents and accounts receivable. The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents with credit worthy financial institutions, however, the Company does maintain cash in its accounts from time-to-time that exceed the maximum federally insured limits. Concentrated credit risk with respect to accounts receivable is limited to creditworthy customers. The Company’s customers are principally located in the United States. Although the Company is directly affected by the overall financial condition of the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device industries, management does not believe significant credit risk exists as of December 31, 2007. The Company has not experienced significant losses related to receivables from individual customers or groups of customers in any specific industry or geographic area. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts based on accounts past due according to contractual terms and historical collection experience. Actual losses when incurred are charged to the allowance. The Company’s losses related to collection of accounts receivable have consistently been within management’s expectations. Due to these factors, no additional credit risk beyond amounts provided for collection losses, which the Company reevaluates on a monthly basis based on specific review of receivable agings and the period that any receivables are beyond the standard payment terms, is believed by management to be probable in the Company’s accounts receivable. The Company does not require collateral to mitigate credit risk. F-9 Table of Contents One customer accounted for 13% and another customer accounted for 10% of our revenues during 2007 or approximately $470,000 and $373,000, respectively. One customer accounted for 24% of our revenues during 2006, or approximately $477,000. The following table summarizes the number of customers who individually comprise greater than 10% of total revenue and/or total accounts receivable and their aggregate percentage of the Company’s total revenue and gross accounts receivable. Year ended December 31, Revenues Accounts Receivable # of Customers Percentage of Total Revenues # of Customers Percentage of Total Accounts Receivable 2006 1 24 % 2 48 % 2007 2 23 % 3 64 % The Company serves all of its hosting customers from third-party web hosting facilities located in the United States. The Company does not control the operation of these facilities, and they are vulnerable to damage or interruption. The Company maintains redundant systems that can be used to provide service in the event third-party web hosting facilities become unavailable, although in such circumstances, the Company’s service may be interrupted during the transition. The following table summarizes activity in the Company’s allowance for doubtful accounts. Year ended December 31, 2006 2007 Beginning of period $ 58,539 $ 58,539 Bad debt expense -0- -0- Write-offs -0- 55,953 End of period $ 58,539 $ 2,586 PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT Property and equipment are recorded at cost. Additions and betterments are capitalized; maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the asset’s estimated useful life, which is 5 years for leasehold improvements, equipment and furniture and 3 years for software. Gains or losses on disposal are charged to operations. DEFERRED REVENUE Deferred revenue represents cash advances received in excess of revenue earned on on-going contracts. Payment terms vary with each contract but may include an initial payment at the time the contract is executed, with future payments dependent upon the completion of certain contract phases or targeted milestones. In the event of contract cancellation, the Company is entitled to payment for all work performed through the point of cancellation. As of December 31, 2007, the Company had $2,632,274 in deferred revenues relating to contracts for services to be performed over periods ranging from 1 month to 5 years. F-10 Table of Contents REVENUE RECOGNITION POLICY OmniComm’s revenue model is transaction-based and can be implemented either as an ASP (application service provider) or licensed for implementation by a customer such as a pharmaceutical company. Revenues are derived from the set-up of clinical trial engagements; on-going maintenance fees incurred throughout the duration of an engagement; fees for report writing and project change orders. The clinical trials that are conducted using TrialMaster can last from a few months to several years. Most of the fees associated with our product including post-setup customer support in the form of maintenance charges are recognized ratably over the term of the clinical trial. Cost of sales is primarily comprised of programmer salaries and taxes and is expensed as incurred. The Company recognizes sales, for both financial statement and tax purposes in accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101 “Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements (SAB 101)”. SAB 101 requires that revenues be recognized ratably over the life of a contract. The Company will periodically record deferred revenues relating to advance payments in contracts. ADVERTISING Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising costs were $46,155 and $26,203 for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES Software development costs are included in research and development and are expensed as incurred. Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 86 “Accounting for the Costs of Computer Software to be Sold, Leased, or Otherwise Marketed”, (“SFAS 86”), requires the capitalization of certain development costs of software to be sold once technological feasibility is established, which the Company defines as completion to the point of marketability. The capitalized cost is then amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated product life. To date, the period between achieving technological feasibility and the general availability of such software has been short and software development costs qualifying for capitalization have been immaterial. Accordingly, the Company has not capitalized any software development costs under SFAS 86. Research and development expense was approximately $917,000 and $742,000 for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 respectively. EMPLOYEE EQUITY INCENTIVE PLANS The company has an employee equity incentive plan, which is more fully described in “Note 13: Employee Equity Incentive Plans.” On January 1, 2006, the Company adopted SFAS No. 123 (revised 2004), “Share-Based Payment,” which addresses the accounting for transactions in which an entity exchanges its equity instruments for goods or services, with a primary focus on transactions in which an entity obtains employee services in share-based payment transactions. SFAS No. 123(R) is a revision to SFAS No. 123, “Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation,” and supersedes Accounting Principles Board (“APB”) Opinion No. 25, “Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees,” and its related implementation guidance. SFAS No. 123(R) requires measurement of the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award (with limited exceptions). Incremental compensation costs arising from subsequent modifications of awards after the grant date must be recognized. The Company adopted SFAS No. 123(R) using the modified prospective transition method, which requires the application of the accounting standard as of January 1, 2006, the first day of the Company’s fiscal year. The Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2006 and December 31, 2007 reflect the impact of SFAS No. 123(R). In accordance with the modified prospective transition method, the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements for prior periods have not been restated to reflect, and do not include, the impact of SFAS No. 123(R). F-11 Table of Contents SFAS No. 123(R) requires companies to estimate the fair value of share-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model. The value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense over the requisite service periods in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Income. Stock-based compensation recognized in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Income for the years ended December 31, 2006 and December 31, 2007 includes compensation expense for share-based awards granted prior to, but not fully vested as of January 1, 2006 based on the grant date fair value estimated in accordance with SFAS No. 123 as well as compensation expense for share-based awards granted from January 1, 2006 to December 31, 2007 in accordance with SFAS No. 123(R). The Company currently uses the American Binomial option pricing model to determine grant date fair value. EARNINGS PER SHARE The Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 128, “Earnings per Share”, (“SFAS 128”). SFAS 128 replaced the previously reported primary and fully diluted earnings per share with basic and diluted earnings per share. Unlike primary earnings per share, basic earnings per share excludes any dilutive effects of options, warrants, and convertible securities. The diluted earnings per share calculation is very similar to the previously utilized fully diluted earnings per share calculation method. Basic earnings per share were calculated using the weighted average number of shares outstanding of 55,545,968 and 34,936,930 for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. There were no differences between basic and diluted earnings per share. Options to purchase 9,320,270 shares of common stock at prices ranging from $.25 to $2.75 per share were outstanding at December 31, 2007. Stock warrants to purchase 1,903,140 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.25 per share were outstanding at December 31, 2007. The Company granted a Unit Purchase Option (“Agent Option”) to the Placement Agent of its Series C Convertible Preferred Stock that provides the Placement Agent the ability to purchase 24,848 Series C Preferred Shares with 496,950 detachable common stock warrants. The exercise of the Agent Option would result in the issuance of an aggregate of 1,490,850 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.25 per share. The warrants and Agent Options were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because they have an anti-dilutive effect on net loss per share. The Company’s convertible debt and convertible preferred stock have an anti-dilutive effect on net loss per share and were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share. INCOME TAXES The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, “Accounting for Income Taxes.”, (“SFAS 109”). SFAS 109 has as its basic objective the recognition of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities based upon all events that have been recognized in the financial statements as measured by the provisions of the enacted tax laws. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the estimated amount to be realized. Income tax expense represents the tax payable for the current period and the change during the period in the deferred tax assets and liabilities. IMPACT OF NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS In December 2007, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No (“SFAS”) 141 (revised 2007), Business Combinations, which replaces SFAS 141. SFAS 141R establishes principles and requirements for how an acquirer recognizes and measures in its financial statements the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and the goodwill acquired. SFAS 141R also establishes disclosure requirements that will enable users to evaluate the nature and financial effects of the business combination. SFAS 141R is effective as of the beginning of an entity’s fiscal year that begins after December 15, 2008 and will be adopted by the Company in the first F-12 Table of Contents quarter of fiscal 2009. While the Company expects that SFAS 141R may have an impact on accounting for business combinations once adopted, the effect is dependent upon acquisitions occurring, which to-date the Company has not completed since 1998. In February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS 159, The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. SFAS 159 was issued to allow entities to voluntarily choose to measure certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value (“fair value option”). The fair value option may be elected on an instrument-by-instrument basis and is irrevocable, unless a new election date occurs. If the fair value option is elected for an instrument, SFAS 159 specifies that unrealized gains and losses for that instrument shall be reported in earnings at each subsequent reporting date. SFAS 159 is effective January 1, 2008. The Company does not believe the adoption of SFAS 159 will have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS 157, Fair Value Measurements, which defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. SFAS 157 is effective January 1, 2008. The Company does not believe the adoption of SFAS 157 will have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. NOTE 3: OPERATIONS AND LIQUIDITY We have experienced negative cash flow from operations and have funded our activities to date primarily from debt and equity financings. We will continue to require substantial funds to continue our research and development activities and to market, sell and commercialize our technology. We may need to raise substantial additional capital to fund our future operations. Our capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the problems, delays, expenses and complications frequently encountered by companies developing and commercializing new technologies; the progress of our research and development activities; the rate of technological advances; determinations as to the commercial potential of our technology under development; the status of competitive technology; the establishment of collaborative relationships; the success of our sales and marketing programs; and other changes in economic, regulatory or competitive conditions in our planned business. Estimates about the adequacy of funding for our activities are based upon certain assumptions, including assumptions that the research and development programs relating to our technology can be conducted at projected costs and that progress towards the commercialization of our technology will be timely and successful. There can be no assurance that changes in our research and development plans, acquisitions or other events will not result in accelerated or unexpected expenditures. To satisfy our capital requirements, we may seek additional financing through debt and equity financings. There can be no assurance that any such funding will be available to us on favorable terms or at all. If adequate funds are not available when needed, we may be required to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our research and product development and marketing programs. If we are successful in obtaining additional financings, the terms of such financings may have the effect of diluting or adversely affecting the holdings or the rights of the holders of our common and preferred stock. The ability of the Company to continue in existence is dependent on its having sufficient financial resources to bring products and services to market for marketplace acceptance. As a result of its significant losses, negative cash flows from operations, and accumulated deficits for the year ending December 31, 2007 there is doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. F-13 Table of Contents NOTE 4: PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, AT COST Property and equipment consists of the following: December 31, 2007 December 31, 2006 Cost Accumulated Depreciation Cost Accumulated Depreciation Estimated Useful Lives Computer and office equipment $ 733,121 $ 480,747 $ 558,810 $ 462,911 5 years Leasehold improvements 46,871 17,348 36,475 7,865 5 years Computer software 473,537 350,559 367,514 297,106 3 years Office furniture 85,333 55,508 56,081 51,067 3 years $ 1,338,862 $ 904,162 $ 1,018,880 $ 818,949 Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 was $85,769 and $55,900 respectively. NOTE 5: ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED EXPENSES Accounts payable and accrued expenses consist of the following: December 31, 2007 December 31, 2006 Accounts payable $ 405,849 $ 288,713 Accrued payroll and related costs 35,960 9,491 Other accrued expenses 17,544 96,117 Accrued interest 94,859 123,535 Accrued expenses of OmniTrial BV 127,519 127,519 Total accounts payable and accrued expenses $ 681,731 $ 645,375 NOTE 6: EARNINGS PER SHARE Basic earnings per share (“EPS”) is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders (which for the Company equals its net loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding, and dilutive EPS adds the dilutive effect of stock options and other common stock equivalents. Antidilutive shares aggregating 30,473,460 and 31,222,670 have been omitted from the calculation of dilutive EPS for the years December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, respectively. Provided below is a reconciliation between numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted earnings per shares: Years Ended December 31, 2007 December 31, 2006 Income Numerator Shares Denominator Per-Share Amount Income Numerator Shares Denominator Per-Share Amount Basic EPS $ (5,773,469 ) 55,545,968 $ (0.10 ) $ (4,764,498 ) 34,936,930 $ (0.14 ) Effect of Dilutive Securities None. -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- Diluted EPS $ (5,773,469 ) 55,545,968 $ (0.10 ) $ (4,764,498 ) 34,936,930 $ (0.14 ) F-14 Table of Contents NOTE 7: NOTES PAYABLE At December 31, 2007, the Company owed $296,800 in notes payable. The table below provides details as to the terms and conditions of the notes payable. Origination Date Due Date Interest Rate Amount Short Term Long Term 12/31/06 01/31/09 9.00 % $ 185,000 $ -0- $ 185,000 01/16/07 01/01/09 9.00 % 51,800 -0- 51,800 01/16/07 01/01/09 9.00 % 60,000 -0- 60,000 $ 296,800 $ -0- $ 296,800 NOTE 8: CONVERTIBLE NOTES During the first quarter of 1999, the Company issued 10% Convertible Notes payable in the amount of $862,500 pursuant to a Confidential Private Placement Memorandum. There were costs of $119,625 associated with this offering. The net proceeds to the Company were $742,875. The notes bear interest at ten percent annually, payable semi-annually. The notes are convertible after maturity, which was June 30, 2004, into shares of common stock of the Company at $1.25 per share. As of December 31, 2007, approximately $775,000 of the Convertible Notes had been converted into 1,495,179 shares of common stock of the Company leaving an outstanding principal balance of $87,500. The Company is currently in default on interest payments owed totaling $64,830 on its 10% Convertible Notes. The terms of the notes provide a payment grace period of thirty days in which to make required semi-annual interest payments. The company has been in default since January 30, 2002. At the option of the note holders the full amount of the convertible notes could be declared in default. During the year we recorded $9,322 in interest expense on the 10% Convertible Notes. NOTE 9: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES The Company currently leases office space under an operating lease. The minimum future lease payments required under the Company’s operating leases at December 31, 2007 are as follows: 2008 $ 294,623 2009 274,396 2010 280,086 2011 167,520 2012 -0- Total $ 1,016,625 In addition to annual base rental payments the Company pays for the operating expenses associated with its leased office space and is responsible for any escalation in operating expenses as determined in the lease. Rent expense was $342,255 and $221,817 for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. The Company’s corporate office lease expires in July 2011. EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS In December 2007, we renewed an employment agreement with Mr. Cornelis F. Wit to serve as our Chief Executive Officer and President through December 31, 2008. As part of the renewal the employment agreement will renew for successive one-year terms unless the employment agreement is expressly cancelled by either Mr. Wit or the Company ninety days prior to the end of the term. Mr. Wit receives an annual salary of $300,000 payable in cash and/or stock plus a F-15 Table of Contents bonus tied to our operating results. As part of the agreement incentive options are awardable under the agreement based upon sales and cash flow objectives. In the event that the we consummate a transaction with a third party resulting in the sale, merger, consolidation, reorganization or other business combination involving all or a majority of our business, assets or stock, whether effected in one transaction or a series of transactions due to the initiative of Mr. Wit (whether or not during the term of the agreement), Mr. Wit will receive a fee equal to 2% of the aggregate consideration. The agreement also provides, among other things, for participation in employee benefits available to employees and executives. Under the terms of the agreement, we may terminate Mr. Wit’s employment upon 30 days notice of a material breach and Mr. Wit may terminate the agreement under the same terms and conditions. The employment agreement contains customary non-disclosure provisions, as well as a one year non-compete clause if Mr. Wit leaves the company voluntarily or a six month non-compete clause following his termination by us. In December 2007, we renewed our employment agreement with Mr. Randall Smith to serve as our Chief Technology Officer. As part of the renewal the employment agreement will renew for successive one-year terms unless the employment agreement is expressly cancelled by either Mr. Smith or the Company ninety days prior to the end of the term. Under the terms of the agreement, as compensation for his services, Mr. Smith receives an annual salary of $260,000 to be paid in the form of cash and/or stock, as agreed upon by the parties, and he is eligible to receive a bonus based upon achieving technology related milestones. The agreement also provides, among other things, for participation in employee benefit plans or programs applicable to employees and executives. Under the terms of the agreement, we may terminate the employment of Mr. Smith upon 30 days notice of a material breach and Mr. Smith may terminate the agreement under the same terms and conditions. If Mr. Smith is terminated by us for any reason other than for cause, we must pay him severance benefits equal to six months salary. The employment agreement contains customary non-disclosure provisions, as well as a one year non-competition restriction following the termination of the agreement. The agreement renews automatically for one-year terms unless expressly cancelled by either Mr. Smith or the Company in writing ninety (90) days prior to termination of the term. The Company extended its employment agreement with Mr. Smith in December 2007 for one year under the terms of the existing employment agreement In December 2007, we renewed our employment agreement with Mr. Ronald Linares to serve as our Chief Financial Officer. As part of the renewal the employment agreement will renew for successive one-year terms unless the employment agreement is expressly cancelled by either Mr. Linares or the Company ninety days prior to the end of the term. Under the terms of this agreement, Mr. Linares receives an annual salary of $205,000 to be paid in the form of cash and/or stock, as agreed upon by the parties, and he is eligible to receive additional incentive compensation based upon achieving financial milestones. The agreement also provides, among other things, for participation in employee benefit plans or programs applicable to employees and executives. Under the terms of the agreement, we may terminate the employment of Mr. Linares upon 30 days notice of a material breach and Mr. Linares may terminate the agreement under the same terms and conditions. If Mr. Linares is terminated by us for any reason other than for cause, we must pay him severance benefits equal to twelve months salary. The employment agreement contains customary non-disclosure provisions, as well as a one year non-competition restriction following the termination of the agreement. The agreement renews automatically for one-year terms unless expressly cancelled by either Mr. Linares or the Company in writing ninety (90) days prior to termination of the term. The Company extended its employment agreement with Mr. Linares in December 2007 for one year under the terms of the existing employment agreement F-16 Table of Contents In September 2006, we entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Stephen Johnson to serve as our Senior Vice President for Sales and Marketing. The employment agreement is for a three-year term. Under the terms of this agreement, Mr. Johnson receives an annual salary of $210,000 subject to annual adjustment for cost of living increases. Mr. Johnson is eligible for a commission, payable on a monthly basis, equal to 1% of the Company’s cash receipts as defined in an exhibit to his employment contract. The agreement also provides, among other things, for participation in employee benefit plans or programs applicable to employees and executives. Under the terms of the agreement, we may terminate the employment of Mr. Johnson upon 30 days notice of a material breach and Mr. Johnson may terminate the agreement under the same terms and conditions. If Mr. Johnson is terminated by us for any reason other than for cause, we must pay him severance benefits equal to three months salary for every year of service up to a maximum of twelve months. The employment agreement contains customary non-disclosure provisions. NOTE 10: RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Guus van Kesteren, a member of our Board of Directors, is a consultant to Noesis Capital Corp. Noesis Capital Corp. has acted as a placement agent for the sale of our securities in various offerings since 1999. In June 2004, the Company issued a promissory note in the amount of $450,875 to Noesis Capital Corp. for amounts owed to Noesis for financial advisory services and for placement agent fees earned during 2003 and 2004. This note was amended and restated on December 31, 2005, under the terms of a new note bearing interest at 9% payable on April 1, 2008. The principal amount of the note issued on December 31, 2005 was $511,919 which includes $61,044 in accrued and unpaid interest. The note and accrued and unpaid interest in the amount of $46,072 was converted on December 31, 2006 into 1,115,964 shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.50 per share. Between February 2001 and July 2001, we borrowed an aggregate of $190,000 from Guus van Kesteren under promissory notes which bore interest of 12% per annum. These promissory notes were amended and restated on August 30, 2001 in the amount of $196,644 with new terms which included an interest rate of 8% per annum with accrued interest payable no later than August 30, 2003. This note was amended in September 2004 extending the maturity date to October 2006. In December 2002, we borrowed $50,000 from Guus van Kesteren a member of our Board of Directors. This amount was borrowed under a promissory note bearing interest at a rate of 9% per annum, payable on March 31, 2003. This note was amended in September 2004 extending the maturity date to October 31, 2006. From February to June 2004, the Company borrowed $106,000 from Guus van Kesteren, a Company Director. These amounts were borrowed under promissory notes bearing interest at 9% per annum with maturity dates ranging from January 31, 2006 to October 31, 2006. These notes were amended and restated on June 30, 2004 under the terms of a new note bearing interest at 9% payable with a maturity date of October 31, 2006. The above referenced notes payable to Guus van Kesteren, which were originally amended and restated on June 30, 2004 into one promissory note with a principal amount of $364,758.38 bearing interest at 9% per annum and payable on October 31, 2006, were amended and restated on December 31, 2005, under the terms of a new note bearing interest at 9% payable on April 1, 2008. The principal amount of the note is $414,135.75 which includes accrued and unpaid interest of $49,337.37. The note and accrued and unpaid interest in the amount of $37,272.22 was converted on December 31, 2006 into 902,816 shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.50 per share. During November 2002, we borrowed $6,000 from Randall G. Smith, our Chairman of the board and Chief Technology Officer. In March 2003 this note was amended and restated extending the maturity date to January 31, 2005. This note was amended and restated on March 31, 2005 extending the maturity date to January 31, 2007. The note and accrued but unpaid interest in the amount of $1,860 were repaid on April 17, 2006. In December 2002, we borrowed $50,000 from Cornelis Wit, our President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board of Directors. This amount was borrowed under a promissory note bearing interest at a rate of 9% per annum, payable on March 31, 2003. This note was amended in September 2004 extending the maturity date to October 31, 2006. F-17 Table of Contents From September to November 2003 we borrowed $262,000 from Cornelis Wit, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and a member of our Board of Directors. These amounts were borrowed under promissory notes bearing interest at 9% per annum with maturity dates ranging from January 31, 2005 to October 31, 2005. These notes were amended and restated on September 30, 2004 under the terms of a new note bearing interest at 9% interest payable on October 31, 2006. From January to June 2004, the Company borrowed $153,500 from Cornelis Wit, the Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer and a Director. These amounts were borrowed under promissory notes bearing interest at 9% per annum with maturity dates ranging from January 31, 2006 to October 31, 2006. These notes were amended and restated on June 30, 2004 under the terms of a new note bearing interest at 9% interest payable on October 31, 2006. The above referenced notes payable to Cornelis Wit, which were originally amended and restated on June 30, 2004 into one promissory note with a principal amount of $483,984.00 bearing interest at 9% per annum and payable on October 31, 2006, were amended and restated on December 31, 2005, under the terms of a new note bearing interest at 9% payable on April 1, 2008. The principal amount of the new note is $549,500.85 which includes accrued and unpaid interest of $65,516.85. The note and accrued and unpaid interest in the amount of $49,455.07was converted on December 31, 2006 into 1,197,912 shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.50 per share. In March 2005, the Company borrowed $22,000 from Cornelis Wit, the Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer and a Director. These amounts were borrowed under a promissory note bearing interest at 9% per annum payable on January 31, 2007. The note and accrued and unpaid interest in the amount of $3,547.73 were converted on December 31, 2006 into 51,095 shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.50 per share. In April 2005, the Company borrowed $25,000 from Guus van Kesteren, a company Director. These amounts were borrowed under a promissory note bearing interest at 9% per annum payable on January 31, 2007. The note and accrued and unpaid interest in the amount of $3,908.22 were converted on December 31, 2006 into 57,816 shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.50 per share. In June 2005, the Company borrowed $120,000 from Cornelis Wit, the Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer and a Director. These amounts were borrowed under a promissory note bearing interest at 9% per annum payable on January 31, 2007. The note and accrued and unpaid interest in the amount of $14,608.44 were converted on December 31, 2006 into 269,217 shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.50 per share. From June to September 2005, the Company borrowed $14,300 from Ronald Linares, the Company’s Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. These amounts were borrowed under a promissory note bearing interest at 9% per annum payable on January 31, 2007. The note and accrued and unpaid interest in the amount of $1,011 were repaid on April 17, 2006. In October 2005, the Company borrowed $215,000 from Cornelis Wit, the Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer and a Director. These amounts were borrowed under a promissory note bearing interest at 9% per annum payable with a maturity date of December 31, 2006. Under the terms of the note Mr. Wit had the right to convert any unpaid principal into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.28 per share in the event the note was not repaid by December 31, 2005. On November 11, 2005 the Company repaid $50,000 of principal on the note. On December 31, 2005 Mr. Wit converted the remaining $165,000 of outstanding principal and $3,000 in accrued interest into 600,000 shares of common stock. In December 2006, the Company issued a promissory note for $185,000 that included $125,000 in accrued expenses associated with financial services provided during 2004 and 2005 by Noesis Capital Corp., the Company’s Placement Agent for several equity and debt transactions since 1999. The amount was borrowed under a promissory note bearing interest at 9% per annum payable with a maturity date of January 31, 2009. F-18 Table of Contents During March 2007, Fernando Montero, who was appointed as a member of our Board of Directors on July 27, 2007, purchased 500,000 shares of our common stock at a price of $0.50 per share, resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of $250,000. In addition, Atlantic Balanced Fund, a corporation formed under the laws of the British Virgin Islands (“ABF”) purchased 2,500,000 shares of our common stock resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of $1,250,000. Mentor Capital Corporation is the fund manager for ABF and has voting and dispositive control over the shares held by ABF. Mr. Montero is the president, director and sole owner of Mentor Capital Corporation and may be considered the beneficial owner of the 2,500,000 shares held by ABF. In September 2007, Cornelis Wit, the Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer and a Director, invested $100,500 in private placement of our common stock at a price of $0.67 per share and was issued 150,000 shares of our common stock. In December 2007, Noesis Capital Corp., the Company’s Placement Agent for several equity and debt transactions since 1999 converted amounts owed to it for accrued financial advisory fees and for fees earned as Placement Agent in offerings completed in March 2007 and December 2007. A total of $37,500 in financial advisory fees and $160,748 in Placement Agent fees were converted into common stock of the Company at a price of $0.67 per share. Noesis Capital Corp. was issued a total of 295,893 shares of common stock of the Company During the year ended December 31, 2007 we incurred $16,650 in interest expense on a note payable to Noesis Capital Corp., the Placement Agent for the Company on several equity and debt transactions since 1999. FINANCIAL ADVISORY AGREEMENT During December 2006, the Company extended its financial advisory agreement with Noesis Capital. Under the agreement Noesis Capital will assist the Company in performing certain financial advisory services including the sale of securities, and the possible sale, merger or other business combination involving the Company. Pursuant to this agreement, the Company is obligated to pay $90,000 in professional fees annually. The amendment changed the termination date of the agreement to December 31, 2009. NOTE 11: POST-RETIREMENT EMPLOYEE BENEFITS The Company does not have a policy to cover employees for any health care or other welfare benefits that are incurred after employment (post-retirement). Therefore, no provision is required under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 106, “Employers’ Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions” or Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 112, “Employers’ Accounting for Post-employment Benefits – an Amendment of FASB Statements No. 5 and 43”. NOTE 12: STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT) Our authorized capital stock consists of 150,000,000 shares of common stock, $.001 par value per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.001 per share, of which 5,000,000 shares have been designated as 5% Series A Preferred, 230,000 shares have been designated as Series B Preferred Stock and 747,500 shares have been designated as Series C Preferred Stock. As of December 31, 2007 we had the following outstanding securities: • 59,032,599 shares of common stock issued and outstanding; • 1,903,140 warrants issued and outstanding to purchase shares of our common stock; • 4,170,224 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding, • 48,000 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock issued and outstanding; • 337,150 shares of our Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding; • a Series C Placement Agent Unit Option; and • 10% Convertible Notes. F-19 Table of Contents Common Stock Holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a stockholder vote. Holders of our voting securities do not have cumulative voting rights. Holders of common stock are entitled to share in all dividends that the Board of Directors, in its discretion, declares from legally available funds. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, subject to the preferences of the Series A Preferred Stockholders, Series B Preferred Stock holders and Series C Preferred Stockholders, each outstanding share of common stock entitles its holder to participate in all assets that remain after payment of liabilities and after providing for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. Holders of common stock have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights, and there are no redemption provisions for the common stock. The rights of the holders of common stock are subject to any rights that may be fixed for holders of preferred stock, when and if any preferred stock is outstanding. All outstanding shares of common stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. From February 2007 through March 2007, we sold an aggregate of 5,000,000 shares of our common stock to three accredited investors resulting in gross proceeds of $2,500,000. This private placement was exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in reliance on Rule 506 of Regulation D. Fernando Montero, who was appointed as a member of our Board of Directors on July 27, 2007, purchased 500,000 shares of our common stock at a price of $0.50 per share, resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of $250,000. In addition, Atlantic Balanced Fund, a corporation formed under the laws of the British Virgin Islands (“ABF”) purchased 2,500,000 shares of our common stock resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of $1,250,000. Mentor Capital Corporation is the fund manager for ABF and has voting and dispositive control over the shares held by ABF. Mr. Montero is the president, director and sole owner of Mentor Capital Corporation and may be considered the beneficial owner of the 2,500,000 shares held by ABF. The Company did not use a placement agent for this offering and accordingly no financial advisory or placement commissions were paid. From September 2007 through December 2007, we sold an aggregate of 2,081,773 shares of our common stock resulting in gross proceeds of $1,394,788. Other than Cornelis Wit, our President and Chief Executive Officer and a Director, and Noesis Capital Corp., placement agent for various offerings of our common stock since 1999, none of the investors were our affiliates. Noesis Capital Corp. converted financial advisory fees of $37,500 and placement agent fees totaling $160,748 into shares of our common stock as part of this private placement. Noesis Capital Corp, an NASD Member firm, acted as placement agent in the offering and as compensation therefore received a commission equal to 8% of the sales made for an aggregate fee of $95,873. Noesis also received a warrant to purchase at $0.67 per share, 5% of the shares sold, or 89,434 shares of our common stock, an estimated fair value of $40,749 was calculated for the warrants granted to Noesis Capital Corp. using the Binomial option pricing model. Preferred stock Our Board of Directors, without further stockholder approval, may issue preferred stock in one or more series from time to time and fix or alter the designations, relative rights, priorities, preferences, qualifications, limitations and restrictions of the shares of each series. In addition, the Board of Directors may fix and determine all privileges and rights of the authorized preferred stock series including: • dividend and liquidation preferences, • voting rights, • conversion privileges, and • redemption terms. Our Board of Directors may authorize the issuance of preferred stock which ranks senior to our common stock for the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets on liquidation. In addition, our Board of Directors can fix limitations and restrictions, if any, upon the payment of dividends on our common stock to be effective while any shares of preferred stock are outstanding. F-20 Table of Contents Series A Preferred Stock In 1999, our Board of Directors designated 5,000,000 shares of our preferred stock as 5% Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (“Series A Preferred Stock”), of which 4,170,224 shares are issued and outstanding. The designations, rights and preferences of the Series A Preferred include: • the shares are not redeemable, • each share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of our common stock at any time at the option of the holder at a conversion price of $1.50 per share, or if not so converted after one year from issuance, at any time at our option if the closing bid price of our common stock has exceeded $3.00 for 20 consecutive trading days, our common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Stock Market or other national stock exchange, and the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock are registered under a registration statement, • the conversion price has certain anti-dilution protections for any stock splits, stock dividends, and corporate reorganizations, and certain other corporate transactions and issuances of securities at below the applicable conversion price per share. The Series A Preferred Stockholders have waived their rights to an anti-dilution adjustment reducing their conversion price as a result of the issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock, • the shares of Series A Preferred Stock pay a cumulative dividend at a rate of 5% per annum based on the stated value of $1.00 per share, payable when and as declared by the Board of Directors, or upon conversion or liquidation. Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock have priority to our common stock and are junior to Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock. At our option, dividends can be paid in cash or shares of common stock valued at the conversion price of the Series A Preferred Stock, • in the event of our liquidation or winding up, each share of Series A Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference equal to $1.00 per share, • the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to vote together with the holders of our common stock, on the basis of one vote for each share of common stock issuable upon the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock. There were cumulative arrearages of $1,122,944 and $912,370, or $0.27 and $0.22 per share, on the Series A Preferred Stock for undeclared dividends as of December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, respectively. In addition, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock were granted certain demand and piggy-back registration rights for the shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock. Series B Preferred Stock In August 2001, our Board of Directors designated 200,000 shares of our preferred stock as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (“Series B Preferred Stock”). A Corrected Certificate of Designations was filed on February 7, 2002 with the Delaware Secretary of State increasing the number of shares authorized as Series B Preferred Stock to 230,000 shares, of which 48,000 shares are issued and outstanding. The designations, rights and preferences of the Series B Preferred Stock include: • the stated value of each share is $10.00 per share, • the shares are not redeemable, • each share of Series B Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of our common stock at the option of the holder at any time commencing January 31, 2002 at the option of the holder at $0.25 per share, as adjusted, and the shares automatically convert, subject to limitations based on trading volume, into shares of our common stock at $0.25 per share at such time as we complete a public offering raising proceeds in excess of $25 million at an offering price of at least $0.75 per share. We may require all outstanding shares of the Series B Preferred Stock to convert in the event the closing bid price of our common stock exceeds $0.50 for 20 consecutive trading days, and our common stock has been listed on The NASDAQ Stock Market or other comparable national stock exchange or the OTC Bulletin board and a registration statement registering the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock has been declared effective, F-21 Table of Contents • the conversion price has certain anti-dilution protections for any stock splits, stock dividends, and corporate reorganizations, and certain other corporate transactions and issuances of securities at below the applicable conversion price per share or market value of the common stock, • the shares of Series B Preferred Stock pay a cumulative dividend at a rate of 8% per annum based on the stated value of $10.00 per share, payable when and as declared by the Board of Directors, or upon conversion or liquidation. At our option, dividends can be paid in cash or shares of common stock valued at the conversion price of the Series B Preferred Stock, • each share of Series B Preferred Stock will rank senior to our Series A Preferred and pari passu with our Series C Preferred Stock, • in the event of our liquidation or winding up, each share of Series B Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference equal to $10.00 per share plus accrued and unpaid dividends, and • the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, together with the holders of our common stock, on the basis of one vote for each share of common stock issuable upon the conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock, There were cumulative arrearages of $600,151 and $560,684, or $9.23 and $8.63 per share, on the Series B Preferred Stock dividends as of December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, respectively. In addition, the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock were granted certain mandatory and piggy-back registration rights for the shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock and are entitled to vote one member to our Board of Directors. Series C Preferred Stock In March 2002, our Board of Directors designated 747,500 shares of our preferred stock as Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of which 337,150 shares are issued and outstanding. The designations, rights and preferences of the Series C Preferred Stock include: • the stated value of each share is $10.00 per share, • the shares are not redeemable, • each share of Series C Preferred Stock is convertible at any time, at the option of the holder, into a number of shares of common stock determined by dividing the stated value per share of the Series C Preferred Stock by $0.25, which is the Series C Conversion Price. The Series C Preferred Stock will automatically convert, subject to limitations based on trading volume, into shares of our common stock upon a public offering of our securities raising gross proceeds in excess of $25,000,000 at a per share price greater than 2.5 times the Series C Conversion Price per share, as adjusted for any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, or other similar transaction. In addition, the Series C Preferred Stock will automatically convert into shares of our common stock at the Series C Conversion Price at such time as the closing bid price for our common stock has traded at two times the then prevailing Series C Conversion Price for a period of 20 consecutive trading days, provided that (i) a public trading market exists for our common stock on a national securities exchange, the NASDAQ Stock Market, or the over the counter market; and (ii) the Conversion Shares have been registered for resale and are not subject to any lock-up and the number of shares of the Series C Preferred Stock which can be converted in any 30-day period will be limited to the number of shares of common stock underlying the Series C Preferred Stock equal to 10 times the average daily trading volume during the 20-day look-back period set forth above, • the conversion price has certain anti-dilution protections for any stock splits, stock dividends, and corporate reorganizations, and certain other corporate transactions and issuances of securities at below the applicable conversion price per share or market value of the common stock, F-22 Table of Contents • the shares of Series C Preferred Stock pay a cumulative dividend at a rate of 8% per annum based on the stated value of $10.00 per share, payable when and as declared by the Board of Directors, or upon conversion or liquidation. At our option, dividends can be paid in cash or shares of common stock valued at the conversion price of the Series C Preferred Stock. • each share of Series C Preferred Stock will rank pari passu with our Series B Preferred Stock and senior to our Series A Preferred Stock, • in the event of our liquidation or winding up, each share of Series C Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference equal to $10.00 per share plus accrued and unpaid dividends, and • the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, together with the holders of our common stock, on the basis of one vote for each share of common stock issuable upon the conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock. There were cumulative arrearages of $1,402,348 and $1,132,628, or $4.16 and $3.36 per share, on the Series C Preferred Stock for undeclared dividends as of December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, respectively. In addition, the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock were granted certain mandatory and piggy-back registration rights covering the shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock and are entitled to vote two members to our Board of Directors. The following table presents preferred dividends accreted for the years ended December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, respectively, and the per share effect of the preferred dividends if their effect was not anti-dilutive. Dividends Accreted in (dollars) Dividends per share Years ended December 31, Years ended December 31, 2007 2006 2007 2006 Preferred stock dividends in arrears Series A $ 210,574 $ 210,761 $ 0.05 $ 0.05 Preferred stock dividends in arrears Series B $ 39,467 $ 42,663 $ 0.80 $ 0.80 Preferred stock dividends in arrears Series C $ 269,720 $ 269,720 $ 0.80 $ 0.80 Warrants We have issued and outstanding warrants to purchase a total of 1,903,140 shares of our common stock, including: • warrants to purchase 393,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $.25 per share expiring May 2009 which were issued by us in connection with the Series C Preferred Stock offering, which warrants contain a cashless exercise provision. The holders of the warrants were granted certain mandatory and piggy-back registration rights covering the shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of the warrants. • warrants to purchase 468,400 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $.25 per share expiring on dates ranging from May 2008 to December 2008 which were issued by us to the placement agent of three offerings of our common stock that were conducted during 2003. • warrants to purchase 270,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $.25 per share expiring December 2009 which were issued by us in connection with a private placement of common stock that occurred during 2004, which warrants contain a cashless exercise provision and piggyback registration rights. • Warrants to purchase 185,356 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.50 per share expiring in March 2014 which were issued in connection with a private placement of common stock that was conducted in 2007. F-23 Table of Contents • Warrants to purchase 89,434 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.67 per share expiring in December 2012 which were issued in connection with a private placement of common stock that was conducted in 2007. • Warrants to purchase 496,950 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.25 per share expiring in March 2008 which were issued in connection with a private placement of common stock that was conducted in 2003. Series C Placement Agent Unit Option In connection with our March 2002 to March 2003 private placement of Series C Preferred Stock, we issued the placement agent an option to purchase 2.48 units. Each unit is exercisable at $100,000 per unit and consists of 10,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock and 5-year warrants to purchase 200,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.25 per share. The Placement Agent Unit Option contains a cashless exercise provision. The holder of the Placement Agent Unit Option was granted certain mandatory and piggy-back registration rights covering the shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series C Preferred Stock and exercise of the warrants underlying Placement Agent Unit Option. The Placement Agent Unit Option expires March 31, 2008. 10% Convertible Note From February 1999 to May 1999, we issued 10% convertible notes (“10% Convertible Notes”) in the aggregate principal amount of $862,500. The 10% Convertible Notes pay 10% interest and were due and payable on June 2004. The holders have the right to convert the principal and interest amount into shares of our common stock at a rate of $1.25 per share. From 2000 to 2007, certain of the note holders converted an aggregate of $775,000 principal amount of the notes according to their terms into 1,456,638 shares of our common stock. In addition, the holders of the 10% Convertible Notes were granted certain demand and piggy-back registration rights for the shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of the 10% Convertible Notes. Other Comprehensive Loss Due to the availability of net operating losses and related deferred tax valuations, there is no tax effect associated with any component of other comprehensive loss. The following table lists the beginning balance, yearly activity and ending balance of the components of accumulated other comprehensive loss. Foreign Current Translation Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Balance January 1, 2007 $ (2,041 ) $ (2,041 ) 2007 Activity 9,998 9,998 Balance December 31, 2007 $ 7,957 $ 7,957 NOTE 13: EMPLOYEE EQUITY INCENTIVE PLANS Stock Option Plan Description of Stock Option Plan In 1998, the Company’s Board of Directors and shareholders approved the 1998 Stock Incentive Plan of OmniComm Systems, Inc. (the “1998 Plan”). The 1998 Plan provides for granting Incentive Stock Options, Nonqualified Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock Awards, Phantom Stock Unit Awards and Performance Share Units. Pursuant to the 1998 Plan, the Company may grant options to purchase up to 12,500,000 shares of the Company’s common F-24 Table of Contents stock. The term of each option may not exceed ten years from the date of grant, and options vest in accordance with a vesting schedule established by the Plan administrator. As of December 31, 2007, substantially all of the Company’s employees were participating in the 1998 Plan. The maximum term for any option grant under the 1998 Plan is ten years from the date of the grant, however, options granted under the 1998 Plan will generally expire ten years from the date of grant for most employees and seven years from the date of grant for officers and directors of the company. Options granted to employees generally vest either upon grant or in three installments with the first installment vesting 33% upon completion of one full year from date of grant and on an annual basis over the following two years of their employment. The vesting period typically begins on the date of hire for new employees and on the date of grant for existing employees. In March 2006, the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of restricted stock to each of the Company’s executive officers and two Directors, in the aggregate totaling 100,000 shares. The restricted stock vested immediately at the date of grant and the Company recorded $40,000 in compensation expense in connection with the issuance. At December 31, 2007, there were 3,179,730 shares available for grant as options or other forms of share-based compensation under the 1998 Plan. The following table summarizes the stock option activity for the 1998 Plan: Number of Shares Weighted Average Exercise Price (per share) Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (in Years) Aggregate Intrinsic Value in (000’s) Outstanding at December 31, 2006 8,824,270 $ 0.46 Granted 2,227,000 0.63 Exercised (840,999 ) (0.31 ) Forfeited/cancelled/expired (890,001 ) (0.47 ) Outstanding at December 31, 2007 9,320,270 $ 0.43 5.0 $ 1,998 Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2007 6,240,937 $ 0.37 4.5 $ 1,338 The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total intrinsic value (the difference between the Company’s closing stock price at fiscal year end and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on December 31, 2007. The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised, the difference between the closing stock price on the date of exercise and the exercise price, for the years ended December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006 were $270,926 and $403,948, respectively. F-25 Table of Contents The total fair value of shares vested for the years ended December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006 were: Fair value of options vested during the year ended December 31, 2007 $ 558,793 Fair value of options vested during the year ended December 31, 2006 $ 806,302 Cash received from stock option exercises for the years ended December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006 was $113,267 and $223,375, respectively. Due to the Company’s net loss position, no windfall tax benefit has been realized during the years ended December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006. The following table summarizes information concerning options outstanding at December 31, 2007: Options Outstanding in (000’s) Weighted Average Exercise Price (per share) Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (in Years) Options Exercisable in (000’s) Exercise Price range (per share): $ 0.00 - $ 0.25 2,517 $ 0.25 3.1 2,517 $ 0.28 - $ 0.47 2,180 0.35 4.3 1,805 $ 0.48 - $ 2.75 4,623 0.57 6.3 1,919 9,320 $ 0.43 5.0 6,241 The weighted average fair value (per share) of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2007, and December 31, 2006 using the American Binomial option-pricing model was $0.50 and $0.42, respectively. Stock-Based Compensation For the year ended December 31, 2007, the Company recognized total stock-based compensation expense of $980,823 related to stock option and other share-based awards made from its equity compensation plan. For the year ended December 31, 2006, the Company recognized total stock-based compensation expense of $826,703 related to stock option and other share-based awards made from its equity compensation plan, including $40,000 of stock-based compensation related to restricted stock grants. Prior to January 1, 2006, the Company accounted for those plans under the recognition and measurement provisions of APB No. 25. Accordingly, the Company generally recognized compensation expense only when it granted options with an exercise price below the estimated fair value of the Company’s common stock. Prior to the adoption of SFAS No. 123(R) on January 1, 2006, the Company applied the intrinsic value-based method of accounting prescribed by APB Opinion No. 25 and related interpretations including Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Interpretation No. 44, “Accounting for Certain Transactions Involving Stock Compensation: An Interpretation of APB Opinion No. 25” (issued in March 2000), to account for its fixed plan stock options. Under this method, compensation expense was recorded on the date of grant only if the current market price of the underlying stock exceeded the exercise price. SFAS No. 123 and SFAS No. 148, “Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation—Transition and Disclosure” (an amendment to SFAS No. 123), established accounting and disclosure requirements using a fair value-based method of accounting for stock-based employee compensation plans. As permitted by the accounting standards, the Company had elected to continue to apply the intrinsic value-based method of accounting described above, and had adopted the disclosure requirements of SFAS No. 123, as amended by SFAS No. 148. The Company amortized deferred compensation on a graded vesting methodology in accordance with FASB Interpretation No. 28, “Accounting for Stock Appreciation Rights and Other Variable Stock Award Plans.” F-26 Table of Contents As a result of adopting SFAS No. 123(R), the impact to the Company’s net loss for the years ended December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, was $980,823 and $786,703 greater, respectively, than if the Company had continued to account for its stock options under APB No. 25. The table below gives effect to the impact of SFAS No. 123(R) on the Company’s Statement of Operations. Year ended December 31, 2007 2006 Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders (as reported) $ (5,773,469 ) $ (4,764,498 ) Salary expense recorded in accordance with SFAS No. 123(R) (980,823 ) (786,703 ) Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders (adjusted) (4,792,646 ) (3,977,795 ) Net (loss) per share, basic and diluted (as reported) $ (0.10 ) $ (0.14 ) Net (loss) per share, basic and diluted (adjusted) $ (0.08 ) $ (0.11 ) Weighted average number of shares outstanding, basic and diluted 55,545,968 34,936,930 Basis for Fair Value Estimate of Share-Based Payments Based on analysis of its historical volatility, the Company expects that the future volatility of its share price is likely to be similar to the historical volatility the Company experienced since the Company’s commercialization activities were initiated during the second half of 2000. The Company used a volatility calculation utilizing the Company’s own historical volatility to estimate its future volatility for purposes of valuing the share-based payments granted during fiscal 2007 and 2006. Actual volatility, and future changes in estimated volatility, may differ substantially from the Company’s current estimates. The Company utilizes the historical data available regarding employee and director exercise activity to calculate an expected life of the options. The table below presents the weighted average expected life in years of options granted under the Plan as described above. The risk-free rate of the stock options is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant, which corresponds with the expected term of the option granted. The following table summarizes weighted average grant date fair value activity for the 1998 Plan: Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value 2007 2006 Stock options granted during the year ended December 31, $ 0.50 $ 0.42 Stock options vested during the year ended December 31, $ 0.39 $ 0.34 Stock options forfeited during the year ended December 31, $ 0.40 $ 0.23 During the years ended December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006 1,423,336 and 2,397,505 stock options vested, respectively. The aggregate fair value of the vested options was $558,793 and $806,302, respectively. The fair value of share-based payments was estimated using the American Binomial option pricing model with the following assumptions and weighted average fair values for grants made during the periods indicated. F-27 Table of Contents Stock Options for Year Ended December 31, 2006 2007 Risk-free interest rate 4.72 % 4.35 % Dividend yield 0 % 0 % Expected volatility 98.5 % 92.1 % Expected life of options (years) 6.0 6.0 Weighted average fair value of grants (per option) $ 0.42 $ 0.50 A summary of the status of the Company’s nonvested shares as of December 31, 2006, and changes during the year ended December 31, 2007 is as follows: Shares Weighted Average Grant- Date Fair Value Nonvested Shares at January 1, 2007 2,870,000 $ 0.39 Nonvested Shares at December 31, 2007 3,079,333 $ 0.45 As of December 31, 2007, approximately $1,430,734 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 0.64 years. NOTE 14: INCOME TAXES The tax expense (benefit) for income taxes differs from the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate of 34% to income (loss) before provision (benefit) for income taxes as follows: 12/31/07 12/31/06 Current tax expense (benefit): Income tax at statutory rates $ -0- $ -0- Deferred tax expense (benefit): Stock option expense (369,084 ) (296,036 ) Operating loss carryforward (1,607,886 ) (1,299,986 ) (1,976,970 ) (1,596,022 ) Valuation allowance 1,976,970 1,596,022 Total tax expense (benefit) $ -0- $ -0- Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of our deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: 12/31/07 12/31/06 Deferred tax assets: Amortization of intangibles $ 283,698 $ 283,698 Employee stock option expense 665,120 296,036 Operating loss carryforwards 10,512,958 8,905,072 Gross deferred tax assets 11,461,776 9,484,806 Valuation allowance (11,461,776 ) (9,484,806 ) Net deferred tax asset $ -0- $ -0- F-28 Table of Contents The Company has net operating loss carryforwards (NOL) for income tax purposes of approximately $28,416,279. This loss is allowed to be offset against future income until the year 2027 when the NOL’s will expire. Other timing differences relate to depreciation and amortization for the stock acquisition of Education Navigator in 1998. The tax benefits relating to all timing differences have been fully reserved for in the valuation allowance account due to the lack of operating history and the substantial losses incurred through December 31, 2007. NOTE 15: SUBSEQUENT EVENTS On February 29, 2008, pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement (“Agreement”) of that date, we sold, an aggregate of $2,325,000 principal amount 10% Secured Convertible Debentures and common stock purchase warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2,930,675 shares of our common stock to 12 accredited investors in a private transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 in reliance on the exemptions provided by Section 4(2) and Rule 506 of Regulation D of that act. After paying certain fees and expenses of a commission and expense reimbursement aggregating $143,750, we received net proceeds of $2,156,250. . The debentures, which bear interest at 10% per annum, are due 6 months from the issuance date. The debentures are convertible at any time at the option of the holder into shares of our common stock based upon a conversion rate of $0.59 per share, subject to adjustment as provided in the transaction documents. Interest is convertible as provided in the debentures. We are not permitted to prepay the debentures without the prior written consent of the holders. The Warrants, which have a cashless exercise provision, are exercisable until approximately four years after the closing at an exercise price of $0.75 per share. The number of shares covered by the Warrants and the Warrant exercise price are subject to adjustment as provided in the transaction documents. The debentures are not convertible and the warrants are not exercisable to the extent that (i) the number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned by the holder and (ii) the number of shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of the debentures and/or the exercise of the warrants would result in the beneficial ownership by holder of more than 4.99% of our then outstanding common stock. We granted the holders a security interest in all of our assets to secure performance of our obligations under the debentures and the other transaction agreements. As part of the transaction Cornelis Wit, Chief Executive Officer and Director, Guus van Kesteren, Director, Ronald T. Linares, Chief Financial Officer, and Atlantic Balanced Fund, a fund managed by Mentor Capital of which Fernando Montero, a director of OmniComm, is president, director and sole shareholder, purchased $150,000, $150,000, $25,000 and $200,000, respectively, principal amount of debentures and received 189,076, 189,076, 31,513 and 252,101 warrants, respectively. F-29 Table of Contents No dealer, sales representative or any other person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representations other than those contained in this prospectus and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorized by the company or any of the underwriters. This prospectus does not constitute an offer of any securities other than those to which it relates or an offer to sell, or a solicitation of any offer to buy, to any person in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be unlawful. Neither the delivery of this prospectus nor any sale made hereunder shall, under any circumstances, create an implication that the information set forth herein is correct as of any time subsequent to the date hereof. OMNICOMM SYSTEMS, INC . [LOGO] TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Prospectus Summary 1 Risk Factors 2 Capitalization 9 46,246,477 SHARES Use of Proceeds 9 Market For Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 10 Forward-Looking Statements 11 Management’s Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation 12 Description of Business 20 Management 34 Executive Compensation 39 PROSPECTUS Certain Transactions 48 Principal Stockholders 50 Description of Securities 53 Selling Stockholders 57 , 2008 Plan of Distribution 68 Shares Eligible for Future Sale 70 Legal Matters 71 Experts 71 Where you can Find Additional Information 71 Financial Statements F-1 Table of Contents PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS ITEM 13. OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION. The following table sets forth an itemization of all estimated expenses, all of which we will pay, in connection with the issuance and distribution of the securities being registered: SEC Registration Fee $ 1,000 Accounting fees and expenses* 5,000 Legal fees and expenses* 10,000 Financial Printing* 3,500 Transfer Agent Fees* 1,350 Blue Sky Fees* -0- Miscellaneous* 2,500 Total* $ 23,350 * Estimated. ITEM 14. INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS. Our Articles of Incorporation, as amended and restated, provide to the fullest extent permitted by Section 145 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, that our directors or officers shall not be personally liable to us or our shareholders for damages for breach of such director’s or officer’s fiduciary duty. The effect of this provision of our Articles of Incorporation, as amended and restated, is to eliminate our rights and our shareholders rights (through shareholders’ derivative suits on behalf of our company) to recover damages against a director or officer for breach of the fiduciary duty of care as a director or officer (including breaches resulting from negligent or grossly negligent behavior), except under certain situations defined by statute. We believe that the indemnification provisions in our Articles of Incorporation, as amended, are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. Our by-laws also provide that the Board of Directors may also authorize the company to indemnify our employees or agents, and to advance the reasonable expenses of such persons, to the same extent, following the same determinations and upon the same conditions as are required for the indemnification of and advancement of expenses to our directors and officers. As of the date of this Registration Statement, the Board of Directors has not extended indemnification rights to persons other than directors and officers. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. ITEM 15. RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES. In February 2005, OmniComm converted 32,500 shares of outstanding Series B Preferred Stock into 1,300,000 shares of common stock. The shares were originally issued in 2001 as part of a private placement to accredited investors. The Series B Preferred Stock has a Stated Value of $10.00 per share and converts into common stock on a basis of 40 common shares for every share of converted preferred stock. In May 2005, OmniComm converted $130,000 in outstanding 10% Convertible Notes and $21,986 in accrued interest into 609,943 shares of common stock at a rate of $0.25 per share. The notes were originally issued in 1998 to accredited investors and carried a conversion price of $1.25 per share. II-1 Table of Contents In December 2005, OmniComm converted $165,000 in outstanding promissory notes and $3,000 in accrued interest, owed to Cornelis F. Wit, a Director and our President and CEO, into 600,000 shares of common stock at a rate of $0.28. From May 2005 through August 2005, we sold an aggregate of 850,000 shares of our common stock to accredited investors resulting in gross proceeds of $212,500. This private placement was exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Section 4(2) and Regulation S. Each of these transactions was an “offshore” transaction to a non-U.S. person. No general solicitation or advertising was used in connection with this transaction, and the certificates evidencing the shares that were issued contained a legend restricting their transferability absent registration under the Securities Act or the availability of an applicable exemption therefrom. Each purchaser represented that he/she was an accredited investor and was acquiring the shares for investment purposes only, and not with a view towards distribution or resale except in compliance with applicable securities laws. The investors had full access to, or were otherwise provided with, all relevant information reasonably necessary to evaluate us. None of these investors, other than Guus van Kesteren, a Director, were our affiliates. Noesis Capital Corp., an NASD member firm, acted as placement agent in the offering and as compensation therefore received a commission equal to 8% of the sales made by it, or an aggregate of $16,000, a non-accountable expense allowance equal to 2% of the sales made by it, or an aggregate of $4,000 and a warrant to purchase at $0.25 per share, approximately 10% of the shares sold, or 20,000 shares of our common stock. On November 1, 2006, we issued an aggregate of 100,000 shares of common stock to five individuals in consideration of employment services and services rendered to us by a member of our Board of Directors. The employment and Director’s services were for legal, business development services and strategic services. Each of the employees or the Director (a) had a preexisting relationship with us, (b) had access to business and financial information concerning us, (c) was afforded the opportunity to ask questions of our management concerning our operations and the terms of the offering, and (d) had such knowledge and experience in business and financial matters that it was able to evaluate the risks and merits of an investment. Therefore, each investor was “sophisticated” within the meaning of Federal securities laws. In addition, the certificates evidencing the shares that were issued contained a legend restricting their transferability absent registration under the Act or the availability of an applicable exemption therefrom. The issuance of these securities was exempt from the registration requirements of the Act by reason of Section 4(2) and/or the rules and regulations thereunder including Rule 506 of Regulation D. On December 31, 2006, we issued 50,000 shares of our common stock to one accredited investor pursuant to the conversion of a 10% Convertible Note originally issued in May 1999. The investor was provided access to business and financial information about our company and had such knowledge and experience in business and financial matters that they were able to evaluate the risks and merits of an investment in our common stock. No general solicitation or advertising was used in connection with the transaction and no commission or other remuneration was paid or given directly or indirectly for such exchange. The transaction was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act by reason of Section 4(2) and/or the rules and regulations thereunder including, Rule 506 of Regulation D and/or Section 3(a)(9) under the Securities Act. On December 31, 2006, certain holders of Promissory Notes (“Notes Payable” or the “Notes”) of the Company, including Cornelis F. Wit, President, CEO and a Director and Guus van Kesteren, a Director, issued at various times from March 2005 to December 2005, converted the principal amount of the Notes and accrued but unpaid interest in the aggregate amount of $3,204,698 into shares of common stock of the Company at a conversion price of $0.50 per share resulting in the issuance of 6,409,396 shares of common stock. The Company did not receive any proceeds as part of this conversion. The issuance of the shares upon conversion of the Notes was exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in reliance on Rule 506 of Regulation D. No general solicitation or advertising was used in connection with this transaction, and the certificates evidencing the shares that were issued contained a legend restricting their transferability absent registration under the Securities Act or the availability of an applicable exemption therefrom. Each purchaser represented that he/she was an accredited investor and was acquiring the shares for investment purposes only, and not with a view towards distribution or resale except in compliance with applicable securities laws. The holders of the Notes had full access to, or were otherwise provided with, all relevant information reasonably necessary to evaluate us. From February 2007 through March 2007, we sold an aggregate of 5,000,000 shares of our common stock to accredited investors resulting in gross proceeds of $2,500,000. This private placement was exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in reliance on Rule 506 of Regulation D. No general solicitation or advertising was used in connection with this transaction, and the certificates evidencing the shares that were issued contained a legend restricting their transferability absent registration under the Securities Act or the availability of an applicable exemption therefrom. Each purchaser represented that he/she was an accredited investor and was acquiring the shares for investment purposes only, and not with a view towards distribution or resale except in compliance with applicable securities laws. The investors had full access to, or were otherwise provided with, all relevant information reasonably necessary to evaluate us. None of these investors were our affiliates. II-2 Table of Contents On March 12, 2007, certain holders of Promissory Notes (“Notes Payable” or the “Notes”) of the Company, issued at various times from August 2003 to January 2007, converted the principal amount of the Notes and accrued but unpaid interest in the aggregate amount of $928,784 into shares of common stock of the Company at a conversion price of $0.50 per share resulting in the issuance of 1,857,568 shares of common stock. The Company did not receive any proceeds as part of this conversion. The issuance of the shares upon conversion of the Notes was exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in reliance on Rule 506 of Regulation D. No general solicitation or advertising was used in connection with this transaction, and the certificates evidencing the shares that were issued contained a legend restricting their transferability absent registration under the Securities Act or the availability of an applicable exemption therefrom. Each purchaser represented that he/she was an accredited investor and was acquiring the shares for investment purposes only, and not with a view towards distribution or resale except in compliance with applicable securities laws. The holders of the Notes had full access to, or were otherwise provided with, all relevant information reasonably necessary to evaluate us. Noesis Capital Corp., an NASD member firm, acted as placement agent in both the offering and conversions and as compensation therefore received a commission equal to $65,015 and a warrant to purchase at $0.50 per share, 10% of the shares sold, or 185,757 shares of our common stock. From September 2007 through December 2007, we sold an aggregate of 2,344,182 shares of our common stock to accredited investors resulting in gross proceeds of $1,394,788. This private placement was exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in reliance on Rule 506 of Regulation D. No general solicitation or advertising was used in connection with this transaction, and the certificates evidencing the shares that were issued contained a legend restricting their transferability absent registration under the Securities Act or the availability of an applicable exemption therefrom. Each purchaser represented that he/she was an accredited investor and was acquiring the shares for investment purposes only, and not with a view towards distribution or resale except in compliance with applicable securities laws. The investors had full access to, or were otherwise provided with, all relevant information reasonably necessary to evaluate us. None of these investors, other than Cornelis F. Wit, our President and CEO and a Director and Noesis Capital Corp. placement agent for several of our private offerings from 1999 to 2007, were our affiliates. Noesis Capital Corp., an NASD member firm, acted as placement agent in the offering and as compensation therefore received a commission equal to $95,873 and a warrant to purchase at $0.595 per share, 5% of the shares sold, or 89,434 shares of our common stock. On February 29, 2008 we sold, an aggregate of $2,325,000 principal amount 10% Secured Convertible Debentures and common stock purchase warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2,930,675 shares of our common stock to 12 accredited investors in a private transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 in reliance on the exemptions provided by Section 4(2) and Rule 506 of Regulation D of that act. The debentures, which bear interest at 10% per annum, are due 6 months from the issuance date. The debentures are convertible at any time at the option of the holder into shares of our common stock based upon a conversion rate of $0.595 per share, subject to adjustment as provided in the transaction documents. Interest is convertible as provided in the debentures. We are not permitted to prepay the debentures without the prior written consent of the holders. The Warrants, which have a cashless exercise provision, are exercisable until approximately four years after the closing at an exercise price of $0.75 per share. We granted the holders a security interest in all of our assets to secure performance of our obligations under the debentures and the other transaction agreements. Each purchaser represented that he/she was an accredited investor and was acquiring the shares for investment purposes only, and not with a view towards distribution or resale except in compliance with applicable securities laws. The investors had full access to, or were otherwise provided with, all relevant information reasonably necessary to evaluate us. Other than Cornelis Wit, Chief Executive Officer and Director, Guus van Kesteren, Director, Ronald T. Linares, Chief Financial Officer, and Atlantic Balanced Fund, a fund managed by Mentor Capital of which Fernando Montero, a Director of OmniComm, is president, director and sole shareholder, none of these investors were our affiliates. Emerging Growth Equities, Ltd., a broker dealer and member of FINRA, acted as placement agent in the offering and as compensation therefore received a commission $143,750 and a warrant to purchase at $0.75 per share, approximately 7% of the shares issued or 222,458 shares of our common stock. We established the 1998 Stock Incentive Plan effective July 31, 1998, which provides for the issuance of qualified options to officers, directors and key employees, and nonqualified options to consultants, advisors and other service providers. Through May 8, 2007, we have issued and outstanding options to purchase approximately 11,875,720 shares of common stock under the Plan with exercise prices ranging from $.25 to $2.75 and various expiration dates. The options were issued to approximately 50 officers, directors, key employees, consultants, advisors and other service providers. The security issuances were exempt from registration by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and or Rule 506 promulgated under Regulation D thereunder. The option holders had access to information about us and had the opportunity to ask questions about us. The options issued contain a legend restricting their transferability absent registration or an available exemption. II-3 Table of Contents In each of these issuances described above, the recipient represented that he was acquiring the shares for investment purposes only, and not with a view towards distribution or resale except in compliance with applicable securities laws. No general solicitation or advertising was used in connection with any transaction, and the certificate evidencing the securities that were issued contained a legend restricting their transferability absent registration under the Securities Act or the availability of an applicable exemption therefrom. Unless otherwise specified above, the securities were issued in reliance on an exemption from registration provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act. ITEM 16. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) Exhibits EXHIBIT NO. DESCRIPTION 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated July 22, 1998 (1) 2.2 Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (2) 2.3 Plan of Merger (3) 2.4 Agreement and Plan of Acquisition of WebIPA dated January 26, 2000 (4) 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation (5) 3.2 Certificate of Designation – Series A Preferred Stock (6) 3.3 Certificate of Increase – Series A Preferred Stock (7) 3.4 Certificate of Designation – Series B Preferred Stock (8) 3.5 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation (9) 3.6 By-laws (10) 3.7 Certificate of Amendment – Certificate of Designation – Series A Preferred Stock (11) 3.8 Certificate of Amendment – Certificate of Incorporation (12) 3.9 Certificate of Designation – Series C Preferred Stock (13) 4.1 Form of Warrant Agreement including the Form of Warrant issued in connection with the Series B Preferred Stock offering (21) 4.2 Form of Warrant Agreement including the Form of Warrant issued in connection with the Series C Preferred Stock offering (22) 4.3 Form of 10% Convertible Note (23) 4.4 Form of Placement Agent Unit Option issued to Commonwealth Associates, LP in connection with the Series B Preferred Stock offering (24) 4.5 Form of Placement Agent Unit Option issued to Noesis Capital Corp. in connection with the Series C Preferred Stock offering (25) 4.6 Form of Debenture dated February 29, 2008 (43) II-4 Table of Contents EXHIBIT NO. DESCRIPTION 4.7 Form of Warrant February 29, 2008 (44) 5.1 Opinion of Schneider Weinberger & Beilly, LLP* 10.1 Employment Agreement and Stock Option Agreement between the Company and Randall G. Smith (14) 10.2 Employment Agreement and Stock Option Agreement between the Company and Ronald T. Linares (15) 10.3 1998 Stock Incentive Plan (16) 10.4 Standard Agreement – Proprietary Protection (18) 10.6 Employment Agreement and Stock Option Agreement between the Company and Cornelis F. Wit (19) 10.7 Employment Agreement and Stock Option Agreement between the Company and Charles H. Beardsley (20) 10.8 Amendment to Employment Agreement between the Company and Cornelis F. Wit. (26) 10.9 Amendment to Employment Agreement between the Company and Randall G. Smith (27) 10.10 Amendment to Employment Agreement between the Company and Ronald T. Linares (28) 10.11 Promissory Note issued to Guus van Kesteren, dated June 30, 2004 (29) 10.12 Promissory Note issued to Cornelis F. Wit, dated June 30, 2004 (30) 10.13 Amended and Restated Promissory Note between the Company and Cornelis F. Wit, dated March 31, 2005 (31) 10.14 Promissory note between the Company and Cornelis F. Wit, dated June 30, 2005 (32) 10.15 Promissory note between the Company and Guus van Kesteren, dated June 30, 2005 (33) 10.16 Promissory note between the Company and Ronald T. Linares, dated June 30, 2005 (34) 10.17 Amended and restated Promissory Note between the Company and Cornelis F. Wit, dated December 31, 2005 (35) 10.18 Amended and restated Promissory Note between the Company and Guus van Kesteren, dated December 3, 2005 (36) 10.19 Promissory Note between the Company and Cornelis F. Wit, dated October 11, 2005 (37) 10.20 Lease Agreement for principal offices dated March 24, 2006 between OmniComm Systems, Inc. and RFP Mainstreet 2101 Commercial, LLC (40) 10.21 Employment Agreement and Stock Option Agreement between the Company and Stephen E. Johnson dated September 4, 2006 (41) II-5 Table of Contents EXHIBIT NO. DESCRIPTION 10.22 Securities Purchase Agreement dated February 29, 2008 by and between OmniComm Systems, Inc. and each individual or entity named on an executed counterpart of the signature page thereto (42) 10.23 Security Interest Agreement dated February 29, 2008 by and between OmniComm System, Inc. and the investors set forth on Schedule 1 thereto (45) 14 OmniComm Systems, Inc. Code of Ethics (38) 21 Subsidiaries of the Company (39) 23.1 Consent of Greenberg & Company CPA’s LLC, Registrant’s Independent Auditors* 23.2 Consent of Schneider Weinberger & Beilly, LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)* * filed herewith (1) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2 filed with our Report on Form 8-K dated March 3, 1999. (2) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2(c) filed with our Registration Statement on Form 10-SB dated December 22, 1998. (3) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2(c) filed with our amended Registration Statement on Form 10-SB dated July 27, 1999. (4) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2 filed with our Report on Form 8-K dated February 9, 2000. (5) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(a) filed with our Registration Statement on Form SB-2 dated February 6, 1997. (6) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(b) filed with our amended Registration Statement on Form 10-SB dated August 25, 1999. (7) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(c) filed with our Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999. (8) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(D) filed with our amended Registration Statement on Form SB-2 dated September 17, 2001. (9) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(E) filed with our Registration Statement on Form SB-2 dated December 27, 2001. (10) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(b) filed with our Registration Statement on Form SB-2 dated February 6, 1997. (11) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.7 filed with our Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002. (12) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.8 filed with our Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002. (13) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.9 filed with our Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002. II-6 Table of Contents (14) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a)(i) filed with our amended Registration Statement on Form SB-2 dated September 17, 2001. (15) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(a)(iii) filed with our amended Registration Statement on Form SB-2 dated September 17, 2001. (16) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) filed with our amended Registration Statement on Form 10-SB dated July 27, 1999. (18) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(f) filed with our amended Registration Statement on Form 10-SB dated August 25, 1999. (19) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 filed with our Form 10-QSB for the period ended June 30, 2002. (20) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 filed with our Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002. (21) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with our Registration Statement on Form SB-2 dated September 29, 2003. (22) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with our Registration Statement on Form SB-2 dated September 29, 2003. (23) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 filed with our Registration Statement on Form SB-2 dated September 29, 2003. (24) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 filed with our Registration Statement on Form SB-2 dated September 29, 2003. (25) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 filed with our Registration Statement on Form SB-2 dated September 29, 2003. (26) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 filed with our Registration Statement on Form SB-2 dated September 29, 2003. (27) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 filed with our Form 10-QSB for the period ended September 30, 2004. (28) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 filed with our Form 10-QSB for the period ended September 30, 2004. (29) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 filed with our Form 10-QSB for the period ended September 30, 2004. (30) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 filed with our Form 10-QSB for the period ended September 30, 2004. (31) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 filed with our Form 10-QSB for the period ended March 31, 2005. (32) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 filed with our Form 10-QSB for the period ended June 30, 2005. (33) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 filed with our Form 10-QSB for the period ended June 30, 2005. (34) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 filed with our Form 10-QSB for the period ended September 30, 2005 (35) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 filed with our Form 10-KSB for the period ended December 31, 2005 (36) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 filed with our Form 10-KSB for the period ended December 31, 2005. (37) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 filed with our Form 10-KSB for the period ended December 31, 2005. II-7 Table of Contents (38) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit D to our Definitive Proxy Statement filed on June 9, 2003. (39) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 filed with our Form 10-KSB for the period ended December 31, 2005. (40) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with our Form 10-QSB for the period ended June 30, 2006. (41) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with our Form 10-QSB for the period ended September 30, 2006. (42) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with our Form 8-K dated March 5, 2008. (43) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with our Form 8-K dated March 5, 2008. (44) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with our Form 8-K dated March 5, 2008. (45) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with our Form 8-K dated March 5, 2008. ITEM 17. UNDERTAKINGS. The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: 1. To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: i. To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; ii. To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in the volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; and iii. To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement. 2. That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering. 3. To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at termination of the offering. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 (the “Act”) may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or preceding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. II-8 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in the City of Ft. Lauderdale, State of Florida, on May 13, 2008. OMNICOMM SYSTEMS, INC. BY: /s/ Cornelis F. Wit Cornelis F. Wit Chief Executive Officer, (Principal Executive Officer), President and Director In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement was signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates stated. SIGNATURE TITLE DATE /s/ Cornelis F. Wit Chief Executive Officer, (Principal Executive Officer), May 13, 2008 Cornelis F. Wit President and Director /s/ Randall G. Smith Chairman of the Board and Chief Technology Officer May 13, 2008 Randall G. Smith /s/ Ronald T. Linares Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) May 13, 2008 Ronald T. Linares /s/ Guus van Kesteren Director May 13, 2008 Guus van Kesteren /s/ Matthew D. Veatch Director May 13, 2008 Matthew D. Veatch /s/ Fernando Montero Director May 13, 2008 Fernando Montero II-9 Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Description of Document 5.1 Consent of Schneider Weinberger & Beilly LLP 23.1 Consent of Greenberg & Company CPA’s, LLC, Registrant’s Independent Auditors. 23.2 Consent of Schneider Weinberger & Beilly LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)
