As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 12 , 2008 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 YUHE INTERNATIONAL, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) NEVADA 5180 87-0569467 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 301 Hailong Street Hanting District, Weifang, Shandong Province The People’s Republic of China 86 536 736 3688 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of Registrant’s principal executive offices) Bill Watts 6908 Hawaiian Sky Court Las Vegas, NV 89131 702-368-6766 (Name, address including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of Agent for Service) Copies to: Simon Luk, Esq. Heller Ehrman 35th Floor One Exchange Square, 8 Connaught Place, Central Hong Kong 852-2292-2000 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after this registration statement becomes effective. If any securities being registered on this form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box: x If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large Accelerated filer ¨ Accelerated filer ¨ Non-accelerated filer ¨ (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Smaller reporting company x CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of Securities to be Registered Amount to be Registered Proposed Maximum Offering Price Per Share Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price Amount of Registration Fee Common stock, $0.001 par value per share 7,871,515 (1) $ 6.13 (1) $ 48,252,387 (1) $ 1,896.32 (1) Estimated solely for the purpose of computing the amount of the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(c) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, based on the average of the bid and asked prices reported on the NASDAQ Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board on May 8, 2008. The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said section 8(a), may determine. The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. The Selling Security Holders may not sell these securities until after the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED MAY 12 , 2008 PROSPECTUS 7,871,515 shares YUHE INTERNATIONAL, INC. Common Stock This prospectus relates to the offer for sale of up to 7,871,515 of our common stock by certain existing holders of the securities, referred to as Selling Security Holders throughout this document. We will not receive any of the proceeds of this offering. The common stock is traded in the over-the-counter market and prices are quoted on The NASDAQ Stock Market’s Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board under the symbol “YUII.OB.” On May 8, 2008, the last reported bid price was $6.13. Except under certain circumstances, the Selling Security Holders will sell the shares from time to time through independent brokerage firms in the over-the-counter market at market prices prevailing at the time of sale. Investing in our stock involves substantial risks. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 6. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of this Prospectus is May 12, 2008 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PROSPECTUS SUMMARY 1 RISK FACTORS 4 CAUTIONARY NOTICE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 15 USE OF PROCEEDS 16 DIVIDEND POLICY 16 MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY 16 DILUTION 17 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATION 18 BUSINESS 26 MANAGEMENT 36 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 38 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 40 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENT WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 41 SELLING SECURITY HOLDERS 43 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 46 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 48 SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE 50 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 51 LEGAL MATTERS 52 EXPERTS 52 WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 52 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-1 You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with different information. The Selling Security Holders are not making an offer of these securities in any state where the offer is not permitted. You should not assume that the information contained in this prospectus is accurate as of any date other than the date on the front of this prospectus. -i- PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights information found elsewhere in this Prospectus. Accordingly, it does not contain all of the information which may be important to you. Prospective purchasers should read the following summary carefully in conjunction with the more detailed information appearing elsewhere in this Prospectus concerning us and the Securities being offered, including our financial statements and related notes and the information under “Risk Factors.” As used herein, references to “we”, “our”, “us”, and the “Company” refer to Yuhe International, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Overview We are a supplier of day-old chickens raised for meat production, or broilers, in the People’s Republic of China, which is also commonly referred to as the PRC or China. Our day-old broilers are primarily sold to broiler farms and integrated chicken companies (which are vertically-integrated companies that engage in the whole broiler supply-chain) for the purpose of raising them to market-weight broilers. Our operations are conducted exclusively by our subsidiaries in China. Company Information Our company has an offshore holding structure commonly used by foreign investors with operations in China. We are a Nevada corporation which owns 100% of the securities of Bright Stand International Limited, or “Bright Stand”, an international business company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. In turn, Bright Stand owns Weifang Yuhe Poultry Co. Ltd., or “PRC Yuhe”, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise established under the laws of the PRC, and Weifang Taihong Feed Co. Ltd., or “Taihong,” a foreign invested enterprise established under the laws of the PRC. Mr. Kunio Yamamoto, Pinnacle Fund, L.P., Black River Small Capitalization Fund Ltd., Ardsley Partners Fund II, LP and Halter Financial Investments, L.P. are our significant shareholders. As of May 8, 2008, Mr. Yamamoto owned 49.2%, Pinnacle Fund, L.P. owned 15.6%, Black River Small Capitalization Fund Ltd. owned 14.6%, Ardsley Partners Fund II, LP owned 7.3% and Halter Financial Investments, L.P. owned 6.1% of the total outstanding shares of our common stock. The following chart depicts our organizational structure: Through PRC Yuhe, we operate ten breeder farms and two hatcheries with an annual capacity of 708,000 sets of breeders and 80 hatchers. Through our ownership and control of Taihong, we operate two feed mills with an aggregate annual capacity of 52,000 metric tons. Our current primary geographic markets are Shandong Province and the ten surrounding provinces and special municipalities. We did not become engaged in the day-old broiler business until March 12, 2008. On that date, we entered into an Equity Transfer Agreement (the “Equity Transfer Agreement”) with Mr. Kunio Yamamoto, the sole shareholder of Bright Stand, to exchange all of the issued and outstanding shares of Bright Stand owned by him in exchange for our issuing to Mr. Yamamoto 126,857,134 unregistered shares (equivalent to 8,626,236 post-split shares) of our common stock. As a result of the transaction, Mr. Yamamoto holds 126,857,134 shares (equivalent to 8,626,236 post-split shares) or 88.8 % of our 142,857,134 shares (equivalent to 9,714,230 post-split shares) of common stock then outstanding following the completion of all matters referred to above. -1- Upon the closing of the Equity Transfer Agreement we gained operating control over PRC Yuhe and Taihong. PRC Yuhe has been owned by Bright Stand since January 31, 2008. Taihong has been owned by PRC Yuhe and Bright Stand since January 31, 2008. Since December 31, 2003 we had not engaged in any substantive business activities or operations prior to our acquisition of Bright Stand. PRC Yuhe first commenced its operations in 1996. On March 12, 2008, we consummated with certain accredited investors (the “Investors”) a private placement of 85,714,282 shares (equivalent to 5,828,539 post-split shares) of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $18,000,000. Mr. Yamamoto also sold 14,285,710 (equivalent to 971,423 post-split shares) shares of common stock to the Investors in the same transaction. These securities were offered and sold in the private placement without registration under the Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”), in reliance on an exemption from registration under Regulation D, Rule 506, Section 4(2) of the Securities Act. Effective on April 4, 2008, we amended our articles of incorporation to (i) change our name from “First Growth Investors, Inc.” to “Yuhe International, Inc.”, and (ii) effect a 1-for-14.70596492 reverse stock split of our common stock. Our Board of Directors and shareholders approved the name change and the reverse stock split pursuant to the Nevada Revised Statutes. The name change became effective with NASDAQ’s Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board at the opening of trading on April 7, 2008, under the new stock symbol of “YUII.OB”. Our principal executive office is located at 301 Hailong Street, Hanting District, Weifang, Shandong Province, The People’s Republic of China and our telephone number is 86 536 736 3688. Industry and Competitive Factors Other industry and competitive factors which we believe will be critical to achieving our growth strategy include: · High Volume Producer. We are one of the larger focused producers of day-old broilers in China. We believe that this volume will provide us with an advantage in the market for day-old broilers as we believe that our primary customer base will continue to focus on suppliers that can deliver products in large-volumes with consistent high quality. · Low Cost Producer. We are one of the larger focused producers of day-old broilers in China, and we are able to leverage our production volume into lower cost-products and higher margins. · Long-Term Experience in the Industry. Through our subsidiaries, PRC Yuhe and Taihong, we have been involved in the day-old broiler business for over ten years, which has given us experience in product quality improvement and disease resistance. · Recognized Products. We have been awarded by the Shandong Province Administration of Industry and Commerce as a “Well Known Brand” in 2006. We were also recognized as a leading agricultural company by eight national authorities in China in 2004. Risks Affecting Us · Outbreaks of poultry disease, such as avian influenza, or the perception that outbreaks may occur, can significantly restrict our ability to conduct our operations . We take precautions to ensure that our flocks are healthy and that our production facilities operate in a sanitary and environmentally sound manner. While we have ability and experience in product quality improvement as well as poultry disease resistance, events beyond our control, such as the outbreak of avian influenza in 2006, may restrict our ability to conduct our operations and sales. An outbreak of disease could result in governmental restrictions on the import and export of products from our customers, or require us to destroy one or more of our flocks. This could result in the cancellation of orders by our customers and create adverse publicity that may have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation and prospects. In 2006, we suffered an operating loss of $2,597,285 after the general decline in consumer demand for poultry products in late 2005 and early 2006 following the outbreak of avian influenza. Our flocks have never been infected with the H5N1 virus. Worldwide fears about avian diseases, such as avian influenza, have depressed, and may continue to adversely impact our sales. Avian influenza is a respiratory disease of birds. The milder forms occur occasionally around the world. Recently, there has been substantial publicity regarding a highly pathogenic strain of avian influenza, known as H5N1, which has affected Asia since 2002. It is widely believed that H5N1 is spread by migratory birds, such as ducks and geese. There have also been some cases where H5N1 is believed to have passed from birds to humans as humans came into contact with live birds that were infected with the disease. Although there are vaccines available for H5N1 and other forms of avian influenza, and the PRC government mandates, and we vaccinate our breeding stock against avian influenza, there is no guarantee that the disease can be completely prevented as the virus continues to mutate. -2- · We do not typically have long-term purchase contracts with our customers and our customers have in the past and could at any time in the future, reduce or cease purchasing products from us, harming our operating results and business. We typically do not have long-term volume purchase contracts with our customers, and they are not obligated to purchase products from us. Accordingly, our customers could at any time reduce their purchases from us or cease purchasing our products altogether. In addition, any decline in demand for our products and any other negative development affecting our major customers or the poultry industry in general, would likely harm our results of operations. For example, if any of our customers experience serious financial difficulties, it may lead to a decline in sales of our products to such customers and our operating results could be harmed through, among other things, decreased sales volumes and write-offs of accounts receivable related to sales to such customers. · The loss of our major customers could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Approximately fifty percent of our sales are to our top five customers. Forty-five percent of our sales volume are to customers with whom we have five to ten years of sales relationship. Our customers include large and small broiler raisers and large integrated chicken companies whose day-old broiler production is not sufficient for their own use. We sell to six of the top ten broiler production provinces. Our sales in Shandong Province accounted for 85% of our total sales in 2006. Shandong Province is the number one broiler and chicken production region in China. If our existing customers significantly reduce or cease their purchases from us with little or no advance notice, it could materially and adversely affect our sales and results of operations. · Competition in the poultry industry with other poultry companies, especially companies with greater resources, may make us unable to compete successfully, which could adversely affect our business. The Chinese poultry industry is highly competitive. In general, competitive factors in the Chinese broiler, or chicken, industry include price, product quality, brand identification, breadth of product line and customer service. Our success depends in part on our ability to manage costs and be efficient in the highly competitive poultry industry. Some of our competitors have greater financial and marketing resources. Because of this, we may not be able to successfully increase our market penetration or our overall share of the poultry market. Increased competition may result in price reductions, increased sales incentive offerings, lower gross margins, sales expenses, marketing programs and expenditures to expand channels to market. Our competitors may offer products with better market acceptance, better price or better quality. We may be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain current product cost reductions, or achieve future product cost reductions. We compete against a number of other suppliers of day-old broilers. Although we attempt to develop and support high-quality products that our customers demand, products developed by competing suppliers could render our products noncompetitive. If we fail to address these competitive challenges, there could be a material adverse effect upon our business, consolidated results of operations and financial condition. · Our stock is thinly traded and shareholders may not be able to liquidate their investment at all, or may only be able to liquidate the investment at a price less than our value. Our common stock currently is thinly traded and the price of our common stock may not reflect the value of our company. Consequently, investors may not be able to liquidate their investment at all, or if they are able to liquidate it may only be at a price that does not reflect the value of the business. As the trading volume is thin and the price is volatile, our shareholders may not be able to sell their shares at a price they desire. Because the securities price for our stock is low, many brokerage firms are not willing to effect transactions in the securities. Even if an investor finds a broker willing to effect a transaction in our stock, the combination of brokerage commissions, transfer fees, taxes, if any, and any other selling costs may exceed the selling price. Further, many lending institutions will not permit the use of common stock like ours as collateral for any loans. -3- RISK FACTORS Investment in our common stock involves risks. You should carefully consider the risks we describe below before deciding to invest. The market price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, in which case you could lose all or part of your investment. In assessing these risks, you should also refer to the other information included in this prospectus, including our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. You should pay particular attention to the fact that we are a holding company with substantial operations in China and are subject to legal and regulatory environments that in many respects differ from that of the United States. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be affected materially and adversely by any of the risks discussed below and any others not foreseen. This discussion contains forward-looking statements. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Outbreaks of poultry disease, such as avian influenza, or the perception that outbreaks may occur, can significantly restrict our ability to conduct our operations. We take precautions to ensure that our flocks are healthy and that our production facilities operate in a sanitary and environmentally sound manner. While we have ability and experience in product quality improvement as well as poultry disease resistance, events beyond our control, such as the outbreak of avian influenza in 2006, may restrict our ability to conduct our operations and sales. An outbreak of disease could result in governmental restrictions on the import and export of products from our customers, or require us to destroy one or more of our flocks. This could result in the cancellation of orders by our customers and create adverse publicity that may have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation and prospects. In 2006, PRC Yuhe suffered an operating loss of $2,597,285 after the general decline in consumer demand for poultry products in late 2005 and early 2006 following the outbreak of avian influenza. Our flocks have never been infected with the H5N1 virus. Worldwide fears about avian diseases, such as avian influenza, have depressed, and may continue to adversely impact our sales. Avian influenza is a respiratory disease of birds. The milder forms occur occasionally around the world. Recently, there has been substantial publicity regarding a highly pathogenic strain of avian influenza, known as H5N1, which has affected Asia since 2002. It is widely believed that H5N1 is spread by migratory birds, such as ducks and geese. There have also been some cases where H5N1 is believed to have passed from birds to humans as humans came into contact with live birds that were infected with the disease. Although there are vaccines available for H5N1 and other forms of avian influenza, and the PRC government mandates, and we vaccinate our breeding stock against avian influenza, there is no guarantee that the disease can be completely prevented as the virus continues to mutate. We do not typically have long-term purchase contracts with our customers and our customers have in the past and could at any time in the future, reduce or cease purchasing products from us, harming our operating results and business. We typically do not have long-term volume purchase contracts with our customers, and they are not obligated to purchase products from us. Accordingly, our customers could at any time reduce their purchases from us or cease purchasing our products altogether. In addition, any decline in demand for our products and any other negative development affecting our major customers or the poultry industry in general, would likely harm our results of operations. For example, if any of our customers experience serious financial difficulties, it may lead to a decline in sales of our products to such customers and our operating results could be harmed through, among other things, decreased sales volumes and write-offs of accounts receivable related to sales to such customers. The loss of our major customers could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Approximately fifty percent of our sales are to our top five customers. Forty-five percent of our sales volume are to customers with whom we have five to ten years of sales relationship. Our customers include large and small broiler raisers and large integrated chicken companies whose day-old broiler production is not sufficient for their own use. We sell to six of the top ten broiler production provinces. Our sales in Shandong Province accounted for 85% of our total sales in 2006. Shandong Province is the number one broiler and chicken production region in China. If our existing customers significantly reduce or cease their purchases from us with little or no advance notice, it could materially and adversely affect our sales and results of operations. -4- Competition in the poultry industry with other poultry companies, especially companies with greater resources, may make us unable to compete successfully, which could adversely affect our business. The Chinese poultry industry is highly competitive. In general, competitive factors in the Chinese broiler, or chicken, industry include price, product quality, brand identification, breadth of product line and customer service. Our success depends in part on our ability to manage costs and be efficient in the highly competitive poultry industry. Some of our competitors have greater financial and marketing resources. Because of this, we may not be able to successfully increase our market penetration or our overall share of the poultry market. Increased competition may result in price reductions, increased sales incentive offerings, lower gross margins, sales expenses, marketing programs and expenditures to expand channels to market. Our competitors may offer products with better market acceptance, better price or better quality. We may be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain current product cost reductions, or achieve future product cost reductions. We compete against a number of other suppliers of day-old broilers. Although we attempt to develop and support high-quality products that our customers demand, products developed by competing suppliers could render our products noncompetitive. If we fail to address these competitive challenges, there could be a material adverse effect upon our business, consolidated results of operations and financial condition. We conduct substantially all of our operations through our subsidiaries, and our performance will depend upon the performance of our subsidiaries. We have no operations independent of those of Bright Stand International Limited, or Bright Stand, and its PRC subsidiaries, Weifang Yuhe Poultry Co. Ltd. (“PRC Yuhe”) and Weifang Taihong Feed Co. Ltd. (“Taihong”) As a result, we are dependent upon the performance of Bright Stand and its subsidiaries and will be subject to the financial, business and other factors affecting such subsidiaries as well as general economic and financial conditions. As substantially all of our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries, we are dependent on the cash flow of our subsidiaries to meet our obligations. Because virtually all of our assets are held by our operating subsidiaries, the claims of our shareholders will be structurally subordinate to all existing and future liabilities and obligations, and trade payables of such subsidiaries. In the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization of us, our assets and those of our subsidiaries will be available to satisfy the rights of our shareholders only after all of Bright Stand and its subsidiaries’ liabilities and obligations have been paid in full. If demand for our products declines in the markets that we serve, our selling prices and overall sales will decrease. Even if the demand for our products increases, when such increase cannot outgrow the decrease of selling price, our overall sales revenues may decrease. Demand for our products is affected by a number of factors, including the general demand for the products in the end markets that we serve and the price attractiveness. A vast majority of our sales are derived directly or indirectly from customers who are broiler raisers and large integrated chicken companies whose day-old broiler production is not sufficient for their own use. Any significant decrease in the demand for day-old broilers may result in a decrease in our revenues and earnings. A variety of factors, including economic, health, regulatory, political and social instability, could contribute to a slowdown in the demand for day-old broilers because demand for day-old broilers is highly correlated with general economic activities. As a result, even if the demand for our products increases, when the increase of demand cannot outgrow the decrease of selling price, our overall sales revenues may decrease. Industry cyclicality can affect our earnings, especially due to fluctuations in commodity prices of feed ingredients and breeding stock. Currently, all our raw materials are domestically procured. Profitability in the poultry industry is materially affected by the supply of parent breeding stocks and the commodity prices of feed ingredients, including corn, soybean cake, and other nutrition ingredients from numerous sources, mainly from wholesalers who collect the feed ingredients directly from farmers. As a result, the poultry industry is subject to wide fluctuations and cycles. These prices are determined by supply and demand factors. We may reduce, but cannot eliminate, the risk of increased operating costs from commodity price increases. Typically we do well when chicken prices are high and feed prices are low and the feed ingredients are in adequate supply. However, it is very difficult to predict when the feed price spiral cycles will occur. -5- Various factors can affect the supply of corn and soybean meal, which are the primary ingredients of the feed we use for parent breeding stocks. In particular, weather patterns, the level of supply inventories and demand for feed ingredients, and the agricultural policies of the Chinese government affect the supply of feed ingredients. Weather patterns often change agricultural conditions in an unpredictable manner. A sudden and significant change in weather patterns could affect supplies of feed ingredients, as well as both the industry’s and our ability to obtain feed ingredients, grow chickens or deliver products. Increases in the prices of feed ingredients will result in increases in raw material costs and operating costs. The supply of parent breeding stocks is also cyclical. We purchase parent breeding stocks from multiple suppliers. Our ability to maintain adequate breeding stock is dependent on our abilities to develop stable supplier relationships and to place large procurement orders. In addition, most primary breeder stock is imported and the import volume is closely controlled by the PRC government. We have not seen a trend of increasing import volumes. The cessation of tax exemptions and deductions by the Chinese government may affect our profitability. As a leading agricultural enterprise jointly recognized by eight national authorities in China, we used to enjoy income tax exemption status effective from January 2004 up until November 2007. After the restructuring in 2008, we lost that tax exemption status and were converted into a foreign investment enterprise (“FIE”) 100% owned by Bright Stand. Under the current PRC tax laws, FIEs such as ours are subject to an income tax rate at 33%, while in practice tax reductions or exemptions in various forms are granted by local governments to FIEs. On March 16, 2007, the National People’s Congress of China enacted a new tax law, or the New Tax Law, whereby both FIEs and domestic companies will be subject to a uniform income tax rate of 25%. On January 28, 2007, the State Council of China promulgated the Implementation Rules of the New Tax Law (the “Implementation Rules”). Both the New Tax Law and the Implementation Rules have become effective on January 1, 2008. Both the New Tax Law and the Implementation Rules provide tax exemption treatment for enterprises engaged in agricultural industries, such as farming, foresting, fishing and animal husbandry. As an enterprise engaged in the farming industry, we believe we are eligible for relevant exemption treatment and do not need to pay company income tax. But as it is in the early stage of the New Tax Law’s implementation, the local tax authorities may have different views as to how the New Tax Law should be implemented. In addition, the local tax authorities have not formally informed us whether we are eligible for relevant preferential tax treatment and we therefore cannot assure you that we are entitled to tax exemption. Any decision or confirmation by relevant tax authorities that we are not eligible for tax exemption treatment may materially and adversely affect our profits, business and financial performance. Our conversion from an officially recognized leading domestic agricultural enterprise to a FIE and the enactment of the New Tax Law may affect our profits and financial performance in the future because of reduction in tax exemptions. Our business may be adversely affected due to our inaccuracy in sales forecasts. We procure raw materials and produce our day-old broiler based on our sales forecasts. If we do not accurately forecast demand for our products, we may end up with excess breeding stock. If we have excess breeding stock, we may have to lower prices in order to sell our inventory. Our products might contain undetected defects that are not discovered until after shipping. Although we have strict quality control over our products and we produce high-quality day-old broilers supported by our know-how in feed ingredient composition, immunization system and breeding techniques gained through over 10 years of business and continuous research and development, our products may contain undetected problems. Problems could result in a loss or delay in market acceptance of our products and thus harm our reputation and revenues. -6- We have sustained losses in the past and cannot guarantee profitability in the future. We were profitable in 2005 and 2007 but sustained losses in 2006. There is no assurance that we will be profitable in the future. In addition, our business was impacted in 2006 due to the outbreak of avian influenza. A variety of factors may cause our operating results to decline and financial condition to worsen, including: · Competitors offering comparable products at cheaper prices; · Continuing downward pressure on the average selling prices of our products caused by intense competition in our industry and other reasons; · Superior product innovations by competitors; · Rising raw material costs; · Changes to management and key personnel; and · Increased operating expenses relating to research and development, sales and marketing efforts and general and administrative expenses as we seek to grow our business. As a result of these and additional factors, we could fail to achieve our revenue targets or experience higher than expected operating expenses, or both. As a result, we cannot assure you that we will be profitable in the future. Our limited operating history may not serve as an adequate basis to judge our future prospects and operating results. We have a limited operating history with respect to our current business, which may not provide a sufficient basis on which to evaluate our business or future prospects. Although our sales have grown rapidly in recent years, we cannot assure you that we will maintain profitability or that we will not incur net losses in the future. We expect that our operating expenses will increase as we expand. Significant failure to realize anticipated sales growth could result in significant operating losses. We will continue to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by companies at a similar stage of development, including our potential failure to: · Implement our business model and strategy and adapt and modify them as needed; · Maintain our current, and develop new, relationships with customers; · Manage our expanding operations and product offerings, including the integration of any future acquisitions; · Maintain adequate control of expenses; · Attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel; · Protect our reputation and enhance customer loyalty; and · Anticipate and adapt to changing conditions in the poultry industry and other markets in which we operate as well as the impact of any changes in government regulation, mergers and acquisitions involving our competitors, technological developments and other significant competitive and market dynamics. If we are not successful in addressing any or all of these risks, our business may be materially and adversely affected. We may not be able to sustain our current growth rates, and even if we maintain them, we are susceptible to many challenges relating to our growth. We have experienced fluctuation of growth in the scope and complexity of our business. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively, we may not be able to take advantage of market opportunities, develop new products, enhance our technological capabilities, satisfy customer requirements, execute our business plan or respond to competitive pressures. To successfully manage our growth, we believe we must effectively: · Hire, train, integrate and manage additional qualified technicians and breeding farm directors and sales and marketing personnel; · Implement additional, and improve existing, administrative, financial and operations systems, procedures and controls; · Continue to enhance manufacturing and customer resource management systems; -7- · Continue to expand and upgrade our feed ingredient composition, poultry immunization system and breeding technology; · Manage multiple relationships with distributors, suppliers and certain other third parties; and · Manage our financial condition. Our success also depends largely on our ability to anticipate and respond to expected changes in future demand for our products, and our broilers’ performance and disease resistance ability. If the timing of our expansion does not match market demand, our business strategy may need to be revised. If we over-expand and demand for our products does not increase as we may have projected, our financial results will be materially and adversely affected. However, if we do not expand, and demand for our products increases sharply, our business could be seriously harmed because we may not be as cost-effective as our competitors due to our inability to take advantage of increased economies of scale. In addition, we may not be able to satisfy the needs of current customers or attract new customers, and we may lose credibility and our relationships with our customers may be negatively affected. Moreover, if we do not properly allocate our resources in line with future demand for our products, we may miss changing market opportunities and our business and financial results could be materially and adversely affected. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully manage our growth in the future. The loss of key personnel or the failure to attract or retain specialized technical and management personnel could impair our ability to grow our business. We rely heavily on the services of our key employees, including Gao Zhentao, our Chief Executive Officer, Han Chengxiang, our Chief Production Officer, and Jiang Yingjun, our Chief Financial Officer. In addition, our engineers and other key technical personnel are a significant asset and are the source of our technological and product innovations. We depend substantially on the leadership of a small number of farm directors and technicians who are devoted to research and development. Additionally, 85% of our products are sold through third party distributors. Most of them are exclusive distributors and we expect them to be our future main sales force. The loss of these distributors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We believe our future success will depend upon our ability to retain these key employees and sales distributors. We may not be successful in attracting and retaining sufficient numbers of technical personnel to support our anticipated growth. Despite the incentives we provide, our current employees may not continue to work for us, and if additional personnel are required for our operations, we may not be able to obtain the services of additional personnel necessary for our growth. In addition, we do not maintain “key person” life insurance for any of our senior management or other key employees. The loss of the key employees or the inability to attract or retain qualified personnel, including technicians, could delay the development and introduction of, and have an adverse effect on our ability to sell, our products, as well as our overall growth. In addition, if any other members of our senior management or any of our other key personnel join a competitor or form a competing company, we may not be able to replace them easily and we may lose customers, business partners, key professionals and staff members. We do not have any registered patents or other registered intellectual property on our production processes and we may not be able to maintain the confidentiality of our processes. We have no patents or registered intellectual property covering our processes and we rely on the confidentiality of our processes in producing a competitive product. The confidentiality of our know-how may not be maintained and we may lose any meaningful competitive advantage which might arise through our proprietary processes. Because we are expanding capacity, we may be forced to make sales to customers whose creditworthiness is not known to us. We may not be able to collect receivables which are incurred by these customers . Although we currently sell our products on a cash payment basis, our ability to receive payment for our products depends on the continued creditworthiness of our customers. In order to pay our expansion costs, we may be required to make sales to customers who are less creditworthy than our historical customers. Our customer base may change if our sales increase because of our added capacity. If we are not able to collect our receivables, our revenues and profitability will be negatively affected. -8- We do not have insurance coverage. Any material loss to our properties or assets will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition a nd operations. We and our subsidiaries are not covered by any insurance. As a result, any material loss or damage to our properties or other assets, or personal injuries arising from our business operations would have a material adverse affect on our financial condition and operations. We will incur increased costs as a result of being a public company. As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that a private company does not incur. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as new rules subsequently implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission and stock exchanges have required changes in corporate governance practices of public companies. We expect that these new rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, as a result of becoming a public company, we may need to add independent directors, create additional board committees and adopt additional policies regarding internal controls and disclosure controls and procedures. We will incur additional costs associated with public company reporting requirements and compliance with the internal controls of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. We also expect these new rules and regulations will make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain directors’ and officers’ liability insurance. As a result, our general and administrative expenses will likely increase and it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers. We are currently evaluating and monitoring developments with respect to these new rules, and we cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. Increased water, energy and gas costs would increase our expenses and reduce our profitability . We require a substantial amount, and as we expand our business we will require additional amounts, of water, electricity and natural gas to produce and process our broiler products. The prices of water, electricity and natural gas fluctuate significantly over time. One of the primary competitive factors in the Chinese broiler market is price, and we may not be able to pass on increased costs of production to our customers. As a result, increases in the cost of water, electricity or natural gas could substantially harm our business and results of operations. Increased costs of transportation would negatively affect our profitability. Our transportation costs are a material portion of the cost of our products. We primarily ship our products and receive our inputs via truck and rely on third party transportation companies for the delivery of most of our products and inputs. The costs associated with the transportation of our products and inputs fluctuate with the price of fuel, the costs to our transportation providers of labor and the capacity of our transportation sources. Increases in costs of transportation have and could in the future negatively affect our profitability. Risks Related to Doing Business in China Because our operations are all located outside of the United States and are subject to Chinese laws, any change of Chinese laws may adversely affect our business. All of our operations are in China, which exposes us to risks, such as exchange controls and currency restrictions, currency fluctuations and devaluations, changes in local economic conditions, changes in Chinese laws and regulations and exposure to possible expropriation or other Chinese government actions. These factors may have a material adverse effect on our operations, results of operations and financial condition. Because Chinese law governs almost all of our material agreements, we may not be able to enforce our legal rights in China or elsewhere, which could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities, or capital. There is no assurance that we will be able to enforce any of our material agreements or that remedies will be available outside of China. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in China may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The Chinese judiciary is relatively inexperienced in enforcing corporate and commercial law, leading to a higher than usual degree of uncertainty as to the outcome of any litigation. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. -9- Additionally, substantially all of our assets are located outside of the United States and most of our officers and directors reside outside of the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for United States investors to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties of the directors and officers under Federal securities laws. Moreover, we have been advised that China does not have treaties providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments of courts with the United States. Further, it is unclear if extradition treaties now in effect between the United States and China would permit effective enforcement of criminal penalties of the federal securities laws. We may have difficulty establishing adequate management, legal and financial controls in China, which could impair our planning processes and make it difficult to provide accurate reports of our operating results. China historically has not followed Western-style management and financial reporting concepts and practices, and its access to modern banking, computer and other control systems has been limited. We may have difficulty in hiring and retaining a sufficient number of qualified employees to work in China in these areas. As a result of these factors, we may experience difficulty in establishing management, legal and financial controls, collecting financial data and preparing financial statements, books of account and corporate records and instituting business practices that meet Western standards, making it difficult for our management to forecast our needs and to present the results of operations accurately at all times. We face risks associated with currency exchange rate fluctuations; any adverse fluctuations may adversely affect our operating margins. The vast majority of our revenues and expenses are in Chinese currency. Conducting business in currencies other than U.S. dollars subjects us to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that could have a negative impact on our reported operating results. Fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies impact our revenues, cost of revenues and operating margins and result in foreign currency translation gains and losses. Historically, we have not engaged in exchange rate hedging activities. Although we may implement hedging strategies to mitigate this risk, these strategies may not eliminate our exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations and may involve costs and risks of their own, such as ongoing management time and expertise, external costs to implement the strategy and potential accounting implications. If relations between the United States and China worsen, our share price may decrease and we may have difficulty accessing U.S. capital markets. At various times during recent years, the United States and China have had disagreements over political and economic issues. Controversies may arise in the future between these two countries. Any political or trade controversies between the United States and China could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and our ability to access U.S. capital markets. The Chinese government could change its policies toward private enterprises, which could adversely affect our business. Our business is subject to political and economic uncertainties in China and may be adversely affected by its political, economic and social developments. Over the past several years, the Chinese government has pursued economic reform policies including the encouragement of private economic activity and greater economic decentralization. The Chinese government may not continue to pursue these policies or may alter them to our detriment from time to time. Changes in policies, laws and regulations, or in their interpretation or the imposition of confiscatory taxation, restrictions on currency conversion, restrictions or prohibitions on dividend payments to shareholders, devaluations of currency or the nationalization or other expropriation of private enterprises could have a material adverse effect on our business. Nationalization or expropriation could result in the total loss of our investment in China. Economic, political and social conditions in China could affect our business. All of our business, assets and operations are located in China. The economy of China differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including government involvement, level of development, growth rate, control of foreign exchange, and allocation of resources. The economy of China has been transitioning from a planned economy to a more market-oriented economy. Although the Chinese government has implemented measures recently emphasizing the utilization of market forces for economic reform, the reduction of state ownership of productive assets and the establishment of sound corporate governance in business enterprises, a substantial portion of productive assets in China is still owned by the Chinese government. In addition, the Chinese government continues to play a significant role in regulating industry by imposing industrial policies. It also exercises significant control over China’s economic growth through the allocation of resources, controlling payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations, setting monetary policy and providing preferential treatment to particular industries or companies. Therefore, the Chinese government’s involvement in the economy could adversely affect our business operations, results of operations and/or financial condition. -10- The Chinese government may implement policies that could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The Chinese government has implemented various measures from time to time to control the rate of economic growth. Some of these measures benefit the overall economy of China, but may have a negative effect on us. Government control of currency conversion and future movements in exchange rates may adversely affect our operations and financial results. We receive substantially all of our revenues in Renminbi, the currency of China. A portion of such revenues may be converted into other currencies to meet our foreign currency obligations. Foreign exchange transactions under our capital account, including principal payments in respect of foreign currency-denominated obligations, continue to be subject to significant foreign exchange controls and require the approval of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange in China. These limitations could affect our ability to obtain foreign exchange through debt or equity financing, or to obtain foreign exchange for capital expenditures. The Chinese government controls its foreign currency reserves through restrictions on imports and conversion of Renminbi into foreign currency. Although the exchange rate of the Renminbi to the U.S. dollar was stable from January 1, 1994 to July 2005, and the Chinese government has stated its intention to maintain the stability of the value of Renminbi, the exchange rate of the Renminbi to the U.S. dollar is continuously revalued since 2005 and the exchange rates may further change. Our financial condition and results of operations may also be affected by changes in the value of certain currencies, other than the Renminbi, in which our earnings and obligations are denominated. Our business is regulated by the PRC farming authorities and we need production permit and/or immunization certificate from the farming authorities to carry out our business. Any suspension, discontinuation or revocation of our current production permits and/or immunization certificate may materially and adversely impact our business. The Farming Bureau of Shandong Province and its local counterpart in Weifang City are the primary governmental regulators and supervisors of both PRC Yuhe and Taihong’s current businesses. Under relevant laws and regulations, both PRC Yuhe and Taihong must obtain production permits from the Farming Bureau of Shandong Province to carry out its current businesses. In addition, PRC Yuhe, as a company engaging in the breeder business, must obtain an immunization certificate from the local Farming Bureau in Weifang City. The Farming Bureau authorities have been strengthening their supervision over the breeder and feed businesses in the past years, and new PRC laws, rules and regulations may be introduced to impose additional requirements applicable for the application and obtaining of relevant production permits and/or immunization certificate. We cannot assure you our current production permits and immunization certificate can maintain their full effect in the future, although we will try our best to meet with any new requirement. Any suspension, discontinuation or revocation of our current production permits and/or immunization certificate may cause material and adverse impact on our business, financial performance and prospect. Because our operations are located in China, information about our operations are not readily available from independent third-party sources. Because PRC Yuhe and Taihong are based in China, shareholders may have greater difficulty in obtaining information about them on a timely basis than would shareholders of an entirely U.S.-based company. Their operations will continue to be conducted in China and shareholders may have difficulty in obtaining information about them from sources other than the subsidiaries themselves. Information available from newspapers, trade journals, or local, regional or national regulatory agencies such as issuance of construction permits and contract awards for development projects will not be readily available to shareholders. Shareholders will be dependent upon PRC Yuhe and Taihong’s management for reports of their progress, development, activities and expenditure of proceeds. -11- We may in the future be subject to claims and liabilities under environmental, health, safety and other laws and regulations, which could be significant. Our operations are subject to various laws and regulations, including those governing wastewater discharges and the use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials. The applicable requirements under these laws are subject to amendment, to the imposition of new or additional requirements and to changing interpretations by governmental agencies or courts. In addition, we anticipate increased regulation by various governmental agencies concerning food safety, the use of medication in feed formulations, the disposal of animal by-products and wastewater discharges. Furthermore, business operations currently conducted by us or previously conducted by others at real property owned or operated by us, business operations of others at real property formerly owned or operated by us and the disposal of waste at third party sites expose us to the risk of claims under environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. We could incur material costs or liabilities in connection with claims related to any of the foregoing. The discovery of presently unknown environmental conditions, changes in environmental, health, safety and other laws and regulations, enforcement of existing or new laws and regulations and other unanticipated events could give rise to expenditures and liabilities, including fines or penalties, that could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Recent PRC regulations relating to the establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC domestic residents, mergers with and acquisitions of PRC domestic companies by foreign investors, and relevant approval and registration requirements may subject our PRC resident beneficial owners to personal liability, limit our ability to inject capital into our PRC subsidiaries, limit our subsidiaries’ ability to increase their registered capital or distribute profits to us, or may otherwise adversely affect us. The China State Administration of Foreign Exchange, “SAFE”, issued a public notice in October 2005 requiring PRC domestic residents to register with the local SAFE branch before establishing or controlling any company outside of China for the purpose of capital financing with assets or equities of PRC companies, referred to in the notice as an “offshore special purpose company.” PRC domestic residents who are shareholders of offshore special purpose companies and have completed round trip investments but did not make foreign exchange registrations for overseas investments before November 1, 2005 were retroactively required to register with the local SAFE branch before March 31, 2006. PRC resident shareholders are also required to amend their registrations with the local SAFE in certain circumstances. Six Chinese ministries jointly promulgated the Rules on Mergers with and Acquisitions of PRC Domestic Companies by Foreign Investors, or “M&A Rules”, on August 8, 2006, which became effective on September 8, 2006. The M&A Rules subject the acquisition of domestic companies by offshore special purpose companies controlled by PRC residents, who at the same time are controlling shareholders of the domestic companies, to the approval of Ministry of Trade. There are also various stringent requirements applicable to foreign acquisition of domestic companies through special purpose companies under the M&A Rules. We undertook a corporate restructuring in the PRC in January 2008 under which Bright Stand, a company owned by Japanese citizen Mr. Kunio Yamamoto, acquired the control of PRC Yuhe and Taihong from certain PRC resident shareholders. After consultation with China counsel, we do not believe that any of PRC Yuhe’s former PRC resident shareholders or we are subject to the SAFE registration requirement or requirements under the M&A Rules, however, we cannot provide any assurances that we or all of PRC Yuhe’s former shareholders who are PRC residents will not be required to make or obtain any applicable registrations or approvals required by these regulations in the future. The failure or inability of PRC Yuhe’s PRC resident former shareholders to comply with the registration procedures set forth therein may subject us to fines and legal sanctions, restrict our cross-border investment activities, or limit our PRC subsidiaries’ ability to distribute dividends or obtain foreign-exchange-dominated loans to our company. -12- As it is uncertain how the SAFE regulations and the M&A Rules will be interpreted or implemented, we cannot predict how these regulations will affect our business operations or future strategy. For example, PRC Yuhe’s former PRC resident shareholders may in the future acquire our equity interest, and there is no assurance that Chinese laws and regulations will not be implemented in such a way that in the future, if PRC Yuhe’s former PRC resident shareholders negotiate to buy some or all of our equity interest, PRC Yuhe’s former PRC resident shareholders may not be deemed to have complied fully with SAFE regulations and the M&A Rules. We may be subject to more stringent review and approval process with respect to our foreign exchange activities, such as remittance of dividends and foreign-currency-denominated borrowings, which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, if we decide to acquire a PRC domestic company, we cannot assure you that we or the owners of such company, as the case may be, will be able to obtain the necessary approvals or complete the necessary filings and registrations required by the SAFE regulations. This may restrict our ability to implement our acquisition strategy and could adversely affect our business and prospects. Risks Associated with this Offering and Our Common Stock Our stock is thinly traded and shareholders may not be able to liquidate their investment at all, or may only be able to liquidate the investment at a price less than our value. Our common stock currently is thinly traded and the price of our common stock may not reflect the value of our company. Consequently, investors may not be able to liquidate their investment at all, or if they are able to liquidate it may only be at a price that does not reflect the value of the business. As the trading volume is thin and the price is volatile, our shareholders may not be able to sell their shares at a price they desire. Because the securities price for our stock is low, many brokerage firms are not willing to effect transactions in the securities. Even if an investor finds a broker willing to effect a transaction in our stock, the combination of brokerage commissions, transfer fees, taxes, if any, and any other selling costs may exceed the selling price. Further, many lending institutions will not permit the use of common stock like ours as collateral for any loans. Because we are subject to the Penny Stock Rules, sale of our stock by investors may be difficult. We are subject to the “penny stock” rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than $5.00. The penny stock rules require broker-dealers to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document required by the SEC which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer’s account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to completing the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer’s confirmation. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction, the broker and/or dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser’s written agreement to the transaction. The penny stock rules are burdensome and may reduce purchases of any offerings and reduce the trading activity for our common stock. As long as our common stock is subject to the penny stock rules, the holders of such common stock may find it more difficult to sell their securities. Our stock prices could decrease if a substantial number of shares are sold under Rule 144. A substantial majority of our outstanding shares of common stock are “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the 1933 Act. As restricted shares, these shares may be resold only pursuant to an effective registration statement or under the requirements of Rule 144 or other applicable exemptions from registration under the 1933 Act and as required under applicable state securities laws. Rule 144 provides in essence that a person who has held restricted securities for a period of at least six months may, under certain conditions, sell every three months, in brokerage transactions, a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of 1.0% of our outstanding common stock or the average weekly trading volume of the common stock during the four weeks prior to the sale. There is no limit on the amount of restricted securities that may be sold by a non-affiliate after the restricted securities have been held by the owner for a period of one year or more. If a substantial number of shares of our stock are sold under Rule 144 or other exemption, it could cause the price of our stock to go down. -13- The conversion of outstanding derivative securities could cause your ownership in the Company to be diluted and may decrease the value of your investment. Outstanding derivative securities and current and future obligations to issue our securities to various parties may dilute the value of your investment. We have issued warrants to Roth Capital Partners, LLC and WLT Brothers Capital, Inc. to purchase 476,014 shares of common stock. The warrants have a strike price equal to $3.706, have a term of three years starting from March 12, 2008 and permit cashless or cash exercise at all times that they are exercisable. The warrants are exercisable at any time 6 months after their issuance. For the length of time these warrants are outstanding and exercisable, the warrant holder will have an opportunity to profit from a rise in the market price of our common stock without assuming the risks of ownership. This may have an adverse effect on the terms upon which we can obtain additional capital. It should be expected that the warrant holder would exercise the warrants at a time when we would be able to obtain equity capital on terms more favorable than the exercise prices provided by the warrants. There are no preemptive rights in connection with our common stock. We do not intend to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. As a result, a return on an investment in shares of our common stock may be realized only through a sale of such shares if at all. Our board of directors does not intend to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. We do not plan on making any cash distributions in the manner of a dividend or otherwise. Our board of directors presently intends to follow a policy of retaining all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations. The holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends when, as and if declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. To date, we have paid no dividends. We have the right to issue additional common stock and preferred stock without the consent of shareholders. This would have the effect of diluting your ownership in us and could decrease the value of your stock. As of May 8, 2008, we had 500 million shares of common stock authorized for issuance, among which only 15,543,330 shares of common stock were issued and outstanding. We have outstanding warrants to purchase 476,014 shares of common stock. Approximately 484 million authorized shares of common stock are available for issuance for any purpose without shareholder approval that would dilute a shareholder’s percentage ownership of us. In addition, our articles of incorporation authorize the issuance of shares of preferred stock, the rights, preferences, designations and limitations of which may be set by the board of directors. While no preferred stock is currently outstanding or subject to be issued, the articles of incorporation have authorized issuance of up to one million shares of preferred stock in the discretion of the board of directors. Such preferred stock may be issued upon filing of amended Articles of Incorporation and the payment of required fees; no further shareholder action is required. If issued, the rights, preferences, designations and limitations of such preferred stock would be set by the board of directors and could operate to the disadvantage of the outstanding common stock. Such terms could include, among others, preferences as to dividends and distributions on liquidation. Our major shareholders and their affiliates will control the outcome of matters requiring shareholder approval. Our major shareholders beneficially own approximately 92% of our outstanding shares of common stock. Consequently, these shareholders have the ability, when acting together, to control the election of our directors and the outcome of corporate actions requiring shareholder approval, such as a merger or a sale of our company or a sale of all or substantially all of our assets. This concentration of voting power and control could have a significant effect in delaying, deferring or preventing an action that might otherwise be beneficial to our other shareholders and be disadvantageous to our shareholders with interests different from those of our officers, directors and affiliates. These shareholders also have significant control over our business, policies and affairs. Additionally, this significant concentration of share ownership may adversely affect the trading price for our common stock because investors often perceive disadvantages in owning stock in companies with controlling shareholders. -14- CAUTIONARY NOTICE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “intend,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “potential” or “continue,” the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions. Actual events or results may differ materially. In evaluating these statements, you should specifically consider various factors, including the risks outlined in the section of this prospectus entitled “Risk Factors.” These factors may cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement as a result of a number of risks and uncertainties, including without limitation: (a) limited amount of resources devoted to expanding our business plan; (b) our failure to implement our business plan within the time period we originally planned to accomplish; and (c) other risks that are discussed in this Form S-1 and incorporated herein by reference or included in our previous filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. Such statements are intended to be covered by the safe harbor created by such provisions. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, events, levels of activity, performance or achievements. We are under no duty to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this prospectus to conform such statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations. -15- USE OF PROCEEDS Each of the Selling Security Holders will receive all of the net proceeds from the sale of shares by that shareholder. We will not receive any of the net proceeds from the sale of the shares. The Selling Security Holders will pay any underwriting discounts and commissions and expenses incurred by the Selling Security Holders for brokerage, accounting, tax or legal services or any other expenses incurred by the Selling Security Holders in offering or selling their shares. We will bear all other costs, fees and expenses incurred in effecting the registration of the shares covered by this prospectus, including without limitation blue sky registration and filing fees, and fees and expenses of our legal counsel and accountants. DIVIDEND POLICY Prior to our entering into the Equity Transfer Agreement, none of Bright Stand, PRC Yuhe or Taihong have declared any dividends. We entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the “Stock Purchase Agreement”) with Halter Financial Investments, L.P., a Texas limited partnership, (“Halter Financial”) dated as of November 6, 2007, pursuant to which we agreed to sell to Halter Financial 14,000,000 unregistered shares (equivalent to 951,996 post-split shares) of our common stock for $425,000. The transaction closed on November 16, 2007. As a result of the transaction, Halter Financial holds 14,000,000 shares (equivalent to 951,996 post-split shares) or 87.5% of our 16,000,000 shares (equivalent to 1,087,994 post-split shares) of common stock then outstanding following the completion of all matters referred to above. The Stock Purchase Agreement also required our Board of Directors to declare and pay a special cash dividend of $0.21 ($3.088 post-split) per share to our shareholders on November 19, 2007. Halter Financial did not participate in such dividend. The dividend was payable to shareholders of record on November 15, 2007, which was prior to the date the shares were issued to Halter Financial under the Stock Purchase Agreement. The dividend payment date was November 19, 2007. The dividend was payable to our shareholders who held 2,000,000 shares (equivalent to 135,999 post-split shares) of our common stock and resulted in a total dividend distribution of $420,000. The funds for the dividend came from the $425,000 proceeds received from the sale of common stock to Halter Financial. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends on our common stock will be made at the discretion of our board of directors out of funds legally available for such purpose. We are under no contractual obligations or restrictions to declare or pay dividends on our common stock. In addition we currently have no plans to pay such dividends. However, even if we wish to pay dividends, because our cash flow is dependent on dividend distributions from our affiliated entities in China, we may be restricted from distributing dividends to our holders of common stock in the future if at the time we were unable to obtain sufficient dividend distributions from PRC Yuhe or Taihong. The board of directors currently intends to retain all earnings for use in the business for the foreseeable future. See “Risk Factors.” MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY Market Information Our common stock is quoted under the symbol, “YUII.OB” on the OTC Bulletin Board, a service maintained by The NASDAQ Stock Market. Trading in the common stock in the over-the-counter market has been limited and sporadic and the quotations set forth below are not necessarily indicative of actual market conditions. The following sets forth high and low bid price quotations for each calendar quarter during the last two fiscal years that trading occurred or quotations were available. All prices prior to the quarter ended December 31, 2007 reflect activity in our common stock prior to the announcement of our agreement to enter into the Equity Transfer Agreement to acquire Bright Stand, which is described more fully under the section of this prospectus entitled “Related Party Transactions.” Further, all prices reflect inter-dealer prices without retail mark-up, mark-down, or commission and may not necessarily reflect actual transactions. The high and low sales prices for the periods presented have not been adjusted to reflect the 1: 14.70596492 reverse stock split effected on April 4, 2008: -16- High* Low* 2006 March 31, 2006 0.70 0.70 June 30, 2006 0.79 0.79 September 30, 2006 0.79 0.79 December 31, 2006 2.05 0.80 2007 March 31, 2007 2.90 1.05 June 30, 2007 1.95 0.55 September 30, 2007 0.61 0.60 December 31, 2007 1.40 0.60 2008 March 31, 2008 0.60 0.45 * Source: Yahoo Finance Holders As of May 8, 2008 there were 15,543,330 shares outstanding and approximately 49 holders of record of our common stock. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans We have not reserved any securities for issuance under any equity compensation plan, as we currently have not adopted any equity compensation plan. DILUTION We are not selling any shares in this offering. All of the shares sold in this offering will be held by the Selling Security Holders at the time of the sale, so that no dilution will result from the sale of the shares. -17- MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS AND RESULTS OF OPERATION You should read the following description of our results of operations and financial condition in conjunction with the section above titled “Risk Factors” and our consolidated audited financial statements presented in this prospectus. Unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are in U.S. dollars. Overview We are in the middle of the broiler chicken supply chain. We purchase baby parent breeding stocks from primary breeder farms, raise them for hatching eggs and sell live day-old broilers to the market. Our business segment along the broiler supply chain has the highest margin along the supply chain. We produce high quality day-old broilers supported by our know-how in feed ingredient composition, immunization system and breeding techniques gained through over a decade experience. Unless otherwise noted, all dollar figures provided herein are translated into United States Dollars from Renminbi at year-end exchange rates as to assets and liabilities and average exchange rates as to revenues and expenses. Capital accounts are translated at their historical exchange rates when the capital transactions occurred. Unless otherwise noted, all historical financial information prior to March 12, 2008 refers to PRC Yuhe and Taihong. Results of Operations The following tables set forth key components of our results of operations for the periods indicated, both in dollars and as a percentage of our revenues. All amounts, other than percentage, in U.S. dollars As a percentage of net revenues For the year For the year December 31 December 31 2007 2006 2007 2006 Sales revenue 22,075,224 14,595,716 100.00 % 100.00 % Costs of goods sold 13,502,545 15,483,641 61.17 % 106.08 % Gross profit/(loss) 8,572,679 (887,925 ) 38.83 % (6.08 )% Selling expenses 312,927 430,122 1.42 % 2.95 % General and administrative expenses 1,341,987 1,279,238 6.08 % 8.76 % Operating (loss) income 6,917,765 (2,597,285 ) 31.34 % (17.79 )% Interest income 796 9,553 0.00 % 0.07 % Interest expenses 924,845 971,785 4.19 % 6.66 % Investment losses 101,264 152,521 0.46 % 1.04 % Profit (loss) on disposal of fixed assets (5,180 ) 172,314 (0.02 )% 1.18 % Income taxes - - 0.00 % 0.00 % Net income (loss) before minority interests 5,887,272 (3,539,724 ) 26.67 % (24.25 )% Minority interests (earnings) loss 61,392 (68,387 ) 0.28 % (0.47 )% Net income (loss) 5,948,664 (3,608,111 ) 26.95 % (24.72 )% -18- All amounts, other than percentage, in U.S. dollars Increase/ Increase/ For the year December 31 (Decrease) (Decrease) 2007 2006 Dollar ($) Percentage Sales revenue 22,075,224 14,595,716 7,479,508 51.24 % Costs of goods sold 13,502,545 15,483,641 (1,981,096 ) (12.79 )% Gross profit/(loss) 8,572,679 (887,925 ) 9,460,604 1065.47 % Selling expenses 312,927 430,122 (117,195 ) (27.25 )% General and administrative expenses 1,341,987 1,279,238 62,749 4.91 % Operating (loss) income 6,917,765 (2,597,285 ) 9,515,050 366.35 % Interest income 796 9,553 (8,757 ) (91.67 )% Interest expenses 924,845 971,785 (46,940 ) (4.83 )% Investment losses 101,264 152,521 (51,257 ) (33.61 )% Profit (loss) on disposal of fixed assets (5,180 ) 172,314 (177,494 ) (103.01 )% Income taxes - - - - Net income (loss) before minority interests 5,887,272 (3,539,724 ) 9,426,996 266.32 % Minority interests (earnings) loss 61,392 (68,387 ) 129,779 189.77 % Net income (loss) 5,948,664 (3,608,111 ) 9,556,775 264.87 % Net revenue. Sales revenue increased by $7.48 million, or 51.24%, to $22.08 million for the year ended December 31, 2007 from $14.60 million for the year ended December 31, 2006. The increase was driven by the rise in average selling price of our day-old broilers, partially offset by the decrease in quantity of day-old-broilers sold. Sales volume, in terms of number of day-old broilers, decreased by 6.3 million or 12.63% from 49.88 million for year ended December 31, 2006 to 43.58 million birds for the year ended December 31, 2007. The decrease in sales volume was a result of shortage of supply due to the outbreak of avian flu in 2006 and affected the supply for part of 2007. At the same time, the average selling price of day-old broiler surged dramatically from approximately $0.259 per bird for the year months ended December 31, 2006 to $0.494 per bird for the year ended December 31, 2007, or an increase of 90.73%. The price growth was primarily the result of an increase in the general demand for high-grade day-old broilers in North China, which in turn was largely driven by the substantial economic growth that China continued to experience for the year ended December 31, 2007 and the consequent shortage of broilers in the market. The outbreak of avian flu in 2006 hit the poultry industry badly and the market started to rebound at the beginning of 2007, resulting in a huge demand for our day old broilers. Those third generation stock are imported and the import volume is closely controlled by the PRC government. We have not seen an increasing trend of the import volume. In response to these recent increases in consumer demand, we increased our maximum parent breeder stock manufacturing capacity to approximately 0.72 million sets by December 2007. We anticipate that North China’s strong economic growth will continue in 2008 and believe that this growth will drive a strong demand for high-grade, day-old broilers. In response to this strong demand in the market, we hope to increase our market share by increasing capacity in the next couple of years. Sales of retired breeding stocks increased $0.02 million, or 1.79%, from $0.91 million for the year ended December 31, 2006 to $0.93 million for the year ended December 31, 2007. This dollar increase is primarily a result of appreciation in exchange rate of Renminbi (or Chinese Yuan) to US dollars during 2007; the sales of retired breeding stocks in Renminbi decreased by 2.86%. The sales quantity of retired breeding stocks dropped 1.04 million kilograms, or 47.74% while the average unit price increased by 85.63%. The significant revenue from the sale of retired breeding stocks in 2006 was in response to the effects of an outbreak of avian influenza in China during 2006 and we do not expect such sales to generate a significant portion of our income in the future. Since almost all the products of Taihong are supplied to its parent, PRC Yuhe, revenue contributed from Taihong’s external sales comprised only 2.30% and 8.51% of our total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively, and are expected to constitute less than 10% of our annual revenues for the foreseeable future. -19- Cost of revenues. Our cost of revenues decreased by $1.98 million, or 12.79%, to $13.50 million for the year ended December 31, 2007 from $15.48 million for the year ended December 31, 2006. As a percentage of net revenues, the cost of revenues decreased by 44.91%, from 106.08% for the year ended December 31, 2006 to 61.17% for the year ended December 31, 2007. The decrease in cost of revenues as a percentage of net revenues was mainly due to an increase in average selling price while the unit cost remained consistent. Since the third generation breeder stock is imported and the import volume is closely controlled by the PRC government, we expect that the price of parent breeding stocks will increase slightly in the coming year, compared to the current price of breeding stocks. Since the breeding stocks account for only approximately 7% of cost per day old broiler, the slight increase in breeding stocks price has little effect on the cost of revenues in the near future. Gross profit. Our gross profit increased by $9.46 million to $8.57 million for the year ended December 31, 2007 from gross loss of $0.89 million for the year ended December 31, 2006. Gross profit as a percentage of net revenues was 38.83% for the year ended December 31, 2007, as compared to (6.08%) for the year ended December 31, 2006. The increase was mainly attributable to the rise in average selling price of our day-old broilers, as partially offset by relatively stable unit cost as discussed above. General and administrative expenses. Our General and administrative expenses increased $0.06 million, or 4.91%, to $1.34 million for the year ended December 31, 2007 from $1.28 million for the year ended December 31, 2006. The increase in the amount of general and administrative expenses was mainly due to the appreciation in exchange rate of Renminbi to US dollars during the year 2007, while general and administrative expenses in Renminbi remain steady during the year. As a percentage of net revenues, administrative expenses decreased to 6.08% for the year ended December 31, 2007 as compared to 8.76% for the year ended December 31, 2006. Selling Expenses. Our selling expenses decreased by $0.12 million, or 27.25%, to $0.31 million for the year ended December 31, 2007 from $0.43 million for the same period in 2006. Selling expenses consist of packaging expenses, payroll and traveling expenses. The decrease in selling expenses was primarily due to the decreased sales volume and hence decreases in usage of packaging materials, more efficient controls of our payroll and traveling expenses for the staff in our marketing department for the year ended December 31, 2007. Interest expenses. Interest expenses decreased $0.05 million to $0.92 million for the year ended December 31, 2007 from $0.97 million for the year 2006. Interest expenses consist primarily of interest on bank loans. As we continued to roll over the loans as they come due in the past two years, the interest on bank loans for the year ended December 31, 2007 is almost the same level as the one for the year 2006. The minor difference in interest expenses was mainly due to the appreciation in exchange rate of Renminbi to US dollars during the year 2007 . Interest income. Interest income decreased by approximately $8,800 to $800 for the year ended December 31, 2007 from $9,600 for the year ended December 31, 2006. The decrease was commensurable with the decrease in cash and cash equivalent of approximately $563,000 as of December 31, 2006 to approximately $47,000 as of December 31, 2007. Interest income consists mainly of interest on cash deposited with banks. Investment losses. Investment losses decreased by approximately $51,000 from approximately $152,000 for the year ended December 31, 2006 to $101,000 for the year ended December 31, 2007. The decrease in investment losses resulted from a corresponding decrease in the share of losses in an affiliate company in PRC, Weifang Jiaweike Food Co., Ltd, which had been disposed during the year ended December 31, 2007. Gain (loss) on disposal of fixed assets. Gain on disposal of fixed assets decreased by approximately $177,000 from approximately $172,000 for the year ended December 31, 2006 to a loss of $5,000 for the year ended December 31, 2007. The profit on disposal of fixed assets for the year ended December 31, 2006 related mainly to the disposal of the three henhouses for business operational reasons, which consists of building, land use rights and others, while there is no corresponding disposal for the year ended December 31, 2007. Provision for Income Taxes. PRC Yuhe was entitled to an exemption from Chinese enterprises income tax (EIT), due to the fact that PRC Yuhe has been recognized as “the national leading agricultural enterprise”. In accordance with the relevant regulations regarding the tax exemption, PRC Yuhe is tax-exempt as long as it is recognized as “the national leading agricultural enterprise”. As a result, PRC Yuhe incurred no income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006. -20- In December of 2007, the PRC government announced the elimination of income taxes on poultry producers, effective as of January 1, 2008. In accordance with the relevant tax laws and regulations of PRC, our other PRC subsidiary Taihong is subject to the enterprise income tax rate of 33%. Since Taihong has been operating at a loss, there was no tax expenses incurred for the year 2007 and 2006. Net Income Net income increased by $9.56 million, to $5.95 million for the year ended December 31, 2007 from net loss of $3.61 million for the year ended December 31, 2006, as a result of the factors described above. Liquidity and Capital Resources General As of December 31, 2007, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $47,000. The following table provides detailed information about our net cash flow for all financial statements periods presented in this report. Year ended December 31 2007 2006 Net cash provided by operating activities 5,151,143 2,837,795 Net cash (used in) investing activities (3,879,085 ) (575,700 ) Net cash (used in) financing activities (1,804,359 ) (2,153,324 ) Effect of foreign currency translation on cash and cash equivalents 16,694 16,614 Net cash (outflow) / inflow (515,607 ) 125,385 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 563,062 437,677 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 47,455 563,062 Operating Activities. Net cash provided by operating activities was $5.15 million for the year ended December 31, 2007, an increase of $2.31 million, or 81.52% from the $2.84 million net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2006. Such increase of net cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to a $9.56 million net income increase, from a net loss of $3.61 million for the year ended December 31, 2006 to net income of $5.95 million for the year ended December 31, 2007. The increase in operating cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2007 is mainly attributable to the net income of $5.95 million, non-cash adjustment of depreciation of $1.45 million, increase in payroll and payroll related liabilities of $0.37 million, increase in accrued expenses of $0.25 million and increase in advances from customers of $0.18 million, which was partially offset by decrease in accounts payables of $2.29 million, increase in inventories of $0.34 million, and increase in advances to suppliers of $0.61 million. During the year ended December 31, 2007, as the market condition gradually improved and market demand of our products increased, we purchased more breeding stock to ensure sufficient supply for the surging demand for the day-old broilers in the market. As a result, advances to our suppliers increased significantly. The positive operating cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2006 is mainly due to non-cash adjustment of $1.37 million relating to written off of inventories, depreciation of $1.45 million, a $2.99 million increase in accounts payables, increase in deferred expenses of $0.28 million, and increase in payroll and payroll related liabilities of $0.28 million, which were partially offset by the net loss of $3.61 million. The net loss for the year ended December 31, 2006 was mainly due to the outbreak of avian flu in China during the year. As a result of the depressed market condition for the year ended December 31, 2006, the Company retired a large amount of breeding stocks which caused $1.37 million inventories written off and delayed payments of accounts payables to keep enough cash flow for operations. Investing Activities. Our cash provided by/used in investing activities primarily consists of payments related to the acquisition or the sale of property, plant and equipment, and payments related to the sale of our shareholding on an unlisted company, etc. -21- Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2007 was $3.88 million, representing an increase of $3.3 million, or 574.24%, from net cash used in investing activities of $0.58 million in 2006. Such increase of net cash used in investing activities was mainly due to the increase in loan receivables of $2.19 million, purchase of property, plant and equipment of $1.88 million and advances to related parties of $1.32 million. The increase in net cash used in investing activities was partially offset by proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment relating to henhouses of $1.36 million and the sale of equity investments of $0.87 million, prepayment in equipment deposits of $0.49 million, and advances to directors of $0.22 million. During the year ended December 31, 2007, the Company disposed all of its 49.36% shareholding in Weifang Jiaweike Food Co. Ltd. for $0.87 million. The net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2006 of $0.58 million is mainly a combination of advances to related parties of $1.50 million, advances to loans receivables of $0.37 million, purchase of property, plant and equipment of $0.21 million, which was partially offset by proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment of $1.49 million. Due to bad market condition in 2006, we sold some unused plant and equipment to generate enough cash flow for our operations. Financing Activities. Net cash used in financing activities totaled $1.80 million for the year ended December 31, 2007, representing a decrease of $0.35 million from the year ended December 31, 2006. Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2007 was the result of repayment of related parties payables of $1.67 million and repayment of long term loans of $0.13 million. Net cash used in financing activities was $2.15 million for the year ended December 31, 2006, which was a combination of repayment of related parties payables of $6.04 million, repayment of loans payables of $1.14 million, partially offset by $5.02 million of proceeds from loans payables. Loan Facilities As of December 31, 2007, future maturities for our bank loans are as follows: 2007 2008 $ 4,306,750 2009 2,638,738 2010 3,418,056 $ 10,363,544 All amounts, other than percentages, are in U.S. dollars -22- No Type Contracting Party Valid Date Duration Amount 1 Bank loan Nansun Rural Credit Nov 28, 2005 – May 17, 2010 54 months $ 8,203,333 2 Bank loan Shuangyang Rural Credit May 12, 2007 – Oct 12, 2008 17 months $ 888,694 3 Bank loan Hanting Kaiyuan Rural Credit Cooperative July 1, 2007 – Jan 1, 2009 18 months $ 998,073 4 Bank loan Hanting Rural Credit Cooperative Nov 10, 2006 – Nov 8, 2009 36 months $ 273,444 $ 10,363,544 As noted in the above table, there were $10.36 million in total loans that will be matured on or before the end of October 12, 2008, January 10, 2009, November 8, 2009 and May 17, 2010, respectively. We will repay the loan when it matures, by either an internal source of funds or we will refinance these loans. We believe our available working capital, having considered the strong positive cash flow from operation, and the credit facilities referred to above, should be adequate to sustain our operations at our current levels at least for the next twelve months. However, depending on our future needs and changes and trends in the capital markets affecting our shares and the Company, we may determine to seek additional equity or debt financing in the private or public markets. Obligations Under Material Contracts Below is a table setting forth our material contractual obligations as of December 31, 2007: Payment due by period Contractual Obligations Total Less than 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years More than 5 years Long-Term Debt Obligations $ 10,363,544 $ 4,306,750 $ 6,056,794 - - Operating Lease Obligations $ 2,012,115 $ 145,422 $ 279,451 $ 154,122 $ 1,433,120 Total $ 12,375,659 $ 4,452,172 $ 6,336,245 $ 154,122 $ 1,433,120 Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires our management to make assumptions, estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements, including the notes thereto, and related disclosures of commitments and contingencies, if any. We consider our critical accounting policies to be those that require the more significant judgments and estimates in the preparation of financial statements, including the following: · Inventory - Inventories consisting of raw materials, work in progress and finished goods are stated at lower of cost and net realizable value. The cost of inventories is determined using weighted average cost method, and includes expenditure incurred in acquiring the inventories and bringing them to their existing location and condition. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less any applicable selling expenses. Finished goods are comprised of direct materials, direct labor and an appropriate proportion of overhead. At each balance sheet date, inventories that are worth less than cost are written down to their net realizable value, and the difference is charged to the cost of revenues of that period. · Trade receivable – Trade receivables are recognized and carried at the original invoice amount less allowance for any uncollectible amounts. An estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. Bad debts are written off as incurred. -23- · Plant and equipment - Plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. Estimated useful lives of the plant and equipment are as follows: Buildings 20 years Machinery 1 – 10 years Vehicle 5 years Furniture and equipment 3 years The cost and related accumulated depreciation of assets sold or otherwise retired are eliminated from the accounts and any gain or loss is included in the statement of income. The cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to income as incurred, whereas significant renewals and betterments are capitalized. · Valuation of long-lived assets - Long-lived assets held and used by the Company are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable. It is reasonably possible that these assets could become impaired as a result of technology or other industry changes. Determination of recoverability of assets to be held and used is by comparing the carrying amount of an asset to future net undiscounted cash flows to be generated by the assets. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. During the reporting periods, there was no impairment loss. · Intangible assets - Intangible assets represent land use rights in the PRC. Land use rights are carried at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis over the period of rights of 50 years commencing from the date of acquisition of equitable interest. According to the laws of PRC, the government owns all of the land in PRC. Companies or individuals are authorized to possess and use the land only through land usage rights approved by the PRC government. · Revenue recognition – Net revenue is recognized when customer takes delivery and acceptance of products, the price is fixed or determinable as stated on sales contract, and the collectibility is reasonably assured. Customers do not have a general right of return on products delivered. · Use of estimates- The preparation of the Company’s financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The financial statements include some amounts that are based on management’s best estimates and judgments. These accounts and estimates include, but are not limited to, the valuation of accounts receivable, other receivables, inventories, deferred income taxes, and the estimation on useful lives of plant and equipment. These estimates may be adjusted as more current information becomes available, and any adjustment could be significant. · Significant Estimates Relating to Specific Financial Statement Accounts and Transactions Are Identified - The financial statements include some amounts that are based on management’s best estimates and judgments. The most significant estimates relate to allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable, inventory work in process valuation and obsolescence, depreciation, useful lives, taxes, and contingencies. These estimates may be adjusted as more current information becomes available, and any adjustment could be significant. Effects of Inflation Inflation and changing prices have not had a material effect on our business and we do not expect that inflation or changing prices will materially affect our business in the foreseeable future. However, the impact of inflation on PRC Yuhe and Taihong may not be readily recoverable in the prices of our products. -24- Off Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not have any off balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity or capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to an investor in our securities. Seasonality Our operating results and operating cash flows historically have been subject to seasonal variations. Demand for our day-old broilers generally decreases in May and June. Since our ultimate clients are mostly farmers and the second quarter is their busy season for reaping, farmers have little idle time to raise broilers during these months. The other low season for our products is from the second half of December to the first half of January, which we believe is caused by a Chinese cultural taboo on animal slaughter during the Chinese New Year holiday, which occurs between late January and early February. Because it usually takes approximately 45 days for a day-old broiler to reach market weight, we experience reduced demand for our day-old broilers during the period from 30 to 60 days prior to the Chinese New Year holiday period. In addition, since most farmers are likely to rest during the Chinese New Year holiday, rather than work, February would be another low season for our products . -25- BUSINESS Overview Through our operating subsidiaries, we are a supplier of day-old chickens raised for meat production, or broilers, in the People’s Republic of China, which is also commonly referred to as the “PRC” or “China”. We purchase parent breeding stock from breeder farms, raise them to produce hatchling eggs, and hatch the eggs to day-old broilers. Currently, we operate ten breeder farms and two hatcheries with a total annual capacity of 708,000 sets of breeders and 80 hatchers through our wholly owned subsidiary, Weifang Yuhe Poultry Co. Ltd., or PRC Yuhe. Our day-old broilers are primarily purchased by broiler farms and integrated chicken companies for the purpose of raising them to market-weight broilers. Our customers are located in the ten provinces and municipal areas centered around Shandong Province. In connection with our day-old broiler business, we also operate a feed stock company named Weifang Taihong Feed Co. Ltd., or Taihong, whose primary purpose is to supply feed stock for our breeders. Our operations are conducted exclusively by our subsidiaries PRC Yuhe and Taihong in China. Our principal executive office is located at 301 Hailong Street, Hanting District, Weifang, Shandong Province, The People’s Republic of China. Our Internet address is http://www.yuhepoultry.com. Unless otherwise noted, all historical information prior to March 12, 2008 refers to PRC Yuhe and Taihong. History and Background First Growth Investors, Inc. First Growth Investors, Inc., or First Growth, was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on September 9, 1997. First Growth was formed to buy and sell vintage wines. While the initial purchase of wines was eventually resold at a profit, First Growth did not continue to be successful in this venture. This business was not successful, and operations were eventually discontinued with the final sale of inventory occurring in 2003. Since 2003 First Growth was not engaged in any substantive business activities or operations prior to the acquisition of Bright Stand described below. We entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement, the “Stock Purchase Agreement”, with Halter Financial Investments, L.P., a Texas limited partnership, “Halter Financial”, dated as of November 6, 2007, pursuant to which we agreed to sell to Halter Financial 14,000,000 unregistered shares (equivalent to 951,996 post-split shares) of our common stock for $425,000. The transaction closed on November 16, 2007. As a result of the transaction, Halter Financial held 14,000,000 shares (equivalent to 951,996 post-split shares) or 87.5% of our 16,000,000 shares (equivalent to 1,087,994 post-split shares) of common stock then outstanding following the completion. The Stock Purchase Agreement also required our Board of Directors to declare and pay a special cash dividend of $0.21 ($3.088 post-split) per share to our shareholders on November 19, 2007. Halter Financial did not participate in such dividend. The dividend was payable to shareholders of record on November 15, 2007, which was prior to the date the shares were issued to Halter Financial under the Stock Purchase Agreement. The dividend payment date was November 19, 2007. The dividend was payable to our shareholders who held 2,000,000 shares (equivalent to 135,999 post-split shares) of our common stock and resulted in a total dividend distribution of $420,000. The funds for the dividend came from the $425,000 proceeds received from the sale of common stock to Halter Financial. Bright Stand International Co., Ltd. Bright Stand International Co., Ltd., or Bright Stand, was incorporated on August 3, 2007 and it has a registered capital of $100. Bright Stand did not have any operating activities from August 3, 2007 (inception) to March 12, 2008. Kunio Yamamoto, a Japanese citizen, was the sole shareholder of Bright Stand through March 12, 2008. -26- Weifang Yuhe Poultry Co., Ltd. PRC Yuhe is the wholly owned subsidiary of Bright Stand. PRC Yuhe was founded in March 1996 by Gao Zhentao and Sun Haoguo, with each of them owning, respectively, 60% and 40% of its equity interests. From its formation through its acquisition by Bright Stand, PRC Yuhe was effectively controlled by Gao Zhentao, our chief executive officer. The principal business of PRC Yuhe is breeding poultry, hatchlings and selling chicks. Weifang Taihong Feed Co., Ltd. Taihong was founded in May 2003 by the Yuhe Food Group Co., Ltd., or Yuhe Group, a PRC company based in Shandong Province, and Gao Zhenbo, the brother of our chief executive officer, Gao Zhentao, with Yuhe Group and Mr. Gao owning, respectively, 56.25% and 43.75% of its equity interests. Yuhe Group is an entity controlled by our chief executive officer, Gao Zhentao, and his brother, Gao Zhenbo. The principal business of Taihong is the production and sale of feed and feed additives, primarily to PRC Yuhe. On September 14, 2007 Yuhe Group transferred all of its interests in Taihong to PRC Yuhe in a reorganization of equity interest under common control. The 43.75% equity stake in Taihong owned by Gao Zhenbo was subsequently transferred to Bright Stand in the course of the corporate reorganization transactions described more fully below. Corporate Reorganization Transactions Bright Stand entered into a share transfer agreement with all the existing shareholders of PRC Yuhe on October 18, 2007 to acquire all the equity of PRC Yuhe with cash consideration equal to the appraised fair market value of PRC Yuhe in the amount of RMB 81,450,400, or $11,306,522. The sellers of PRC Yuhe included Weifang Yuhe Group, and its 56.25%-owned subsidiary, Taihong. Bright Stand obtained the approval from the Shandong Province counterpart of the Ministry of Commerce for this transaction on November 9, 2007, and the acquisition closed on January 31, 2008. Bright Stand entered into a share transfer agreement with Gao Zhenbo, a former shareholder of Taihong on October 18, 2007 to acquire 43.75% of the outstanding equity of Taihong for cash consideration equal to 43.75% of the net asset value of Taihong in the amount of RMB 2,245,688, or $311,677. The remaining 56.25% of Taihong is owned by PRC Yuhe. Bright Stand obtained the approval from the Shandong province counterpart of the Ministry of Commerce for this transaction on November 9, 2007, and the acquisition closed on January 31, 2008. Effective March 12, 2008, we closed an Equity Transfer Agreement with Bright Stand and Kunio Yamamoto, a Japanese person, the sole former shareholder of Bright Stand. Pursuant to the terms of the Equity Transfer Agreement we acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of Bright Stand from Mr. Yamamoto in exchange for 126,857,134 shares (equivalent to 8,626,236 post-split shares) of our common stock. At the closing, Bright Stand became our wholly-owned subsidiary. Immediately following the closing of the Equity Transfer Agreement, Mr. Yamamoto held 126,857,134 shares (equivalent to 8,626,236 post-split shares) of our common stock. There is no direct or indirect connection between Mr. Yamamoto and the former shareholders of PRC Yuhe and Taihong. The acquisitions of PRC Yuhe and Taihong by Bright Stand closed on January 31, 2008 after obtaining the relevant approval from the Shandong Province counterpart of the Ministry of Commerce. There is no direct or indirect connection between Mr. Yamamoto and the former shareholders of First Growth. Equity Investment by Private Placement Investors On March 12, 2008, we consummated with certain accredited investors (the “Investors”) a private placement of 85,714,282 shares (equivalent to 5,828,539 post-split shares) of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $18,000,000. Mr. Yamamoto also sold 14,285,710 (equivalent to 971,423 post-split shares) shares of common stock to the Investors in the same transaction. These securities were offered and sold in the private placement without registration under the Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”), in reliance on an exemption from registration under Regulation D, Rule 506, Section 4(2) of the Securities Act. The agreements we entered into with the Investors includes a Securities Purchase Agreement, a Registration Rights Agreement, Make Good Escrow Agreements and various ancillary agreements and certificates, disclosure schedules and exhibits in connection therewith. The following is a summary of their material terms. -27- Securities Purchase Agreement Among other things, under the Securities Purchase Agreement, Mr. Yamamoto will deliver a certain number of shares of our common stock owned by him to the investors pro-rata in accordance with their respective investment amount for no additional consideration if: (i) our after tax net income for our fiscal year ending on December 31, 2008 is less than $9,000,000 and fiscal year ending on December 31, 2009 is less than 95% of $12,350,000; and (ii) our earnings per share reported in the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2009 is less than $0.74 on a fully diluted basis (the “Low Performance Events”). Mr. Yamamoto has placed an aggregate of 49,411,763 shares (equivalent to 3,359,889 post-split shares) of common stock (“Make Good Shares”) into an escrow account pursuant to the terms of the Make Good Escrow Agreement by and among us, Mr. Yamamoto, the Investors and the escrow agent named therein. In the event we do not achieve the Targets in 2008 and 2009, Make Good Shares will be conveyed to the Investors pro-rata in accordance with their respective investment amount for no additional consideration. In the event that the foregoing Low Performance Events do not occur, the Make Good Shares will be transferred to Mr. Yamamoto. Covenants: The Securities Purchase Agreement contains certain covenants on our part, including the following: (a) Board of Directors. Within 180 days following the closing, we are required to nominate a minimum of five members to our Board of Directors, a majority of which must be “independent,” as defined under the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules, and to take all actions and obtain all authorizations, consents and approvals as are required to be obtained in order to effect the election of those nominees. (b) Chief Financial Officer. Within 180 days following the closing, we are required to hire a chief financial officer (“CFO”) who is a certified public accountant, fluent in English and familiar with US GAAP and auditing procedures and compliance for US public companies. (c) Investor Relations Firm. Within 60 days following the closing, we are required to hire one of the following investor relations firms: CCG Elite, Hayden Communications or Integrated Corporate Relations. In connection with the above three post-closing covenants, we have deposited an aggregate of $1,750,000 ($750,000 as board holdback escrow amount, $750,000 as CFO holdback escrow amount, and $250,000 as investor relations firm holdback amount) from the gross proceeds of the private placement in the escrow account pursuant to the Holdback Escrow Agreement by and among us, the investors and the escrow agent named therein. In the event we fail to comply with any of the above covenants in a timely fashion, we will incur liquidated damages of 1% on a daily pro-rata basis for any portion of a month of the gross proceeds of the private placement, or 2% if we suffer a holdback event relating to Board of Directors or CFO in a 30-day period, to be subtracted from the holdback escrow fund, until its compliance with such covenants. Registration Rights Agreement With respect to the 85,714,282 shares (equivalent to 5,828,539 post-split shares) issued to the investors at closing on March 12, 2008, we are required to file a resale registration statement on Form S-1 or any other appropriate form (i) within 60 days following the closing for purposes of registering the resale of these shares, (ii) within 15 days with respect to any additional registration statement, (iii) within 15 days with respect to any additional registration statements required to be filed due to SEC restrictions, (iv) within 30 days following the date on which we become eligible to utilize Form S-3 to register the resale of common stock, or (v) within 45 days following the date the Make Good Shares are delivered by Mr. Yamamoto to the investors. Among other things, we will be required to pay the investors liquidated damages if we fail to file a registration statement by the above filing deadlines or if we do not promptly respond to comments received from the SEC. The liquidated damages accrue at a rate of 0.5% per month of the aggregate investment proceeds received from the investors, capped at 5% of the total investment proceeds. Lockup Agreement We and Mr. Yamamoto entered into a lockup agreement, pursuant to which Mr. Yamamoto irrevocably agrees from and after the date of such agreement and through and including the two year anniversary of March 12, 2008, that he will not offer, pledge, encumber, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, or announce the offering of, any of his shares (including any securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, or representing the rights to receive) or engage in any short sales with respect to any security issued by us. -28- Name Change to Yuhe International, Inc. and Reverse Stock Split Effective on April 4, 2008, we amended our articles of incorporation to (i) change our name from “First Growth Investors, Inc.” to “Yuhe International, Inc.”, and (ii) effect a 1-for-14.70596492 reverse stock split of our common stock. Our Board of Directors and shareholders approved the name change and the reverse stock split pursuant to the Nevada Revised Statutes. The number of authorized shares of common stock remains unchanged at 500 million. The change to our name and the reverse stock split are reflected in the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation filed on April 4, 2008 with the Secretary of State of Nevada, a copy of which are attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1. The name change became effective with NASDAQ’s Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board at the opening of trading on April 7, 2008, under the new stock symbol of “YUII.OB”. Appointment of Investor Relations Firm On April 20, 2008, we appointed CCG Elite Investor Relations as our investor relations firm effective on May 1, 2008. The $250,000 holdback under the Securities Purchase Agreement for the hiring of an investor relations firm will be released to us to the extent necessary to pay for the fees of CCG Elite Investor Relations. Corporate Structure Our company has an offshore holding structure commonly used by foreign investors with operations in China. We are a Nevada corporation which owns 100% of the securities of Bright Stand, which in turn owns 100% of the securities of PRC Yuhe and Taihong. Mr. Kunio Yamamoto, Pinnacle Fund, L.P., Black River Small Capitalization Fund Ltd., Ardsley Partners Fund II, LP and Halter Financial Investments, L.P. are our significant shareholders. As of May 8, 2008, Mr. Yamamoto owned 49.2%, Pinnacle Fund, L.P. owned 15.6%, Black River Small Capitalization Fund Ltd. owned 14.6%, Ardsley Partners Fund II, LP owned 7.3% and Halter Financial Investments, L.P. owned 6.1% of the total outstanding shares of our common stock. The following chart depicts our organizational structure: -29- Our Business: Day-Old Broilers Our business is part of the commercial broiler supply chain, which is illustrated below. The figure above illustrates the entire supply chain of broiler chickens. Day-old broilers are one-day-old broilers that are sold to broiler raisers. Day-old broilers sold by our wholly owned subsidiary, PRC Yuhe, are our primary source of revenue. We purchase parent breeding chickens from grandparent breeder farms and raise them to maturity. Once these parent breeding chickens have matured, they produce hatching eggs that we incubate and then sell the resulting day-old broiler chicks to our customers. Under normal circumstances, female parent breeder chickens become productive from the 26 th week, and are no longer commercially productive after the 66th week. Typically a breeder is capable of producing 137 hatching eggs over its production lifetime and the breeders are maintained by us for a period of 420 days. We source our parent breeder chickens from licensed suppliers located in Beijing, and Shandong and Jiangsu provinces and these suppliers are required to have a vaccination certificate and a breeder production certificate for the sale of the breeders. Our hatching eggs typically must be incubated for a period of 21 days. -30- The following figure shows the production timeline in the broiler business. At least 28 weeks usually pass from our receipt of a day-old parent breeder to our sale of the first day-old broiler. We operate in two elements of the broiler supply chain: day-old broiler production and feed production. These activities are operated under two separate subsidiaries, PRC Yuhe and Taihong, respectively. In 2007, PRC Yuhe generated 97.7% of our revenues. Taihong’s sale of feed to unaffiliated third parties generated 2.3%. Taihong is also the primary supplier of feed to PRC Yuhe. In addition to selling day-old broilers, we also sell related chicken products, non-productive parent breeders, and a small amount of feed for livestock and poultry. While we produce substantially all of our inventory of hatching eggs through our own parent breeders, we occasionally purchase additional hatching eggs from unaffiliated third parties to meet market requirements. The Day-Old Broiler Industry in China; Competition The market for day-old broilers in China is highly fragmented. Shandong Province has the highest number of day-old broilers in China. Day-old broilers are very weak physically and need to be transported in closely controlled temperature conditions during delivery. Therefore, producers of broiler chicks usually only sell locally or to surrounding areas, which limits our current effective sales market and competition to North China. Shandong Minhe, also located in Shandong Province, is one of our major competitors for sales of day-old broilers. They are slightly larger than us in terms of their annual day-old broiler production volume. Another regional competitor of ours is Jilin Deda, which is located in Jilin Province in north-eastern China and is smaller than us in terms of annual day-old broiler production volume. However, Jilin Deda is an integrated chicken company, so it does not generally sell day-old broilers to unaffiliated third parties. We compete against our competitors based on product quality and our after-sales services and extensive marketing network. Our “Yuhe” brand has been named by the Shandong Province Administration of Industry and Commerce as a “Well Known Brand”. PRC Yuhe was also recognized as a leading agricultural company by eight national authorities in China in 2004. PRC Yuhe was certified as ISO9001:2000 compliant for quality management systems. We provide our customers with a guaranteed 98% survival rate of our day-old broilers, and 24 hour service hotline. We have sales representatives in every district of Shandong Province. Although our prices are higher than that of our competitors, we typically lower our price by RMB 0.1 to 0.2 per day-old broiler in order to attract new customers. -31- Breeder Supply PRC Yuhe’s suppliers in 2007 and 2006 were as follows: 2007 Suppliers Amount % of ($ ,000) Total Dong Jiangbo 775.02 5.54 % Shandong Yisheng Poultry Co., Ltd. 668.16 4.84 % Wen Lihua 554.75 4.02 % Xin Yubin 491.15 3.56 % Mao Shenlin 463.42 3.36 % Jiangsu Aibayijia Co., Ltd. 385.35 2.79 % Tang Xinmin 382.91 2.77 % Yu Huazhi 328.91 2.38 % Xu Zhentang 269.17 1.95 % Ma Suping 267.50 1.94 % Total 33.15 % 2006 Suppliers Amount % of ($ ,000) Total Wang Xingyou 725.33 6.02 % Beijing AA Company 394.81 3.28 % Lu Xuesi 346.07 2.87 % Beijing Kangmu 266.72 2.21 % Shandong Koufu Grain and Oils Co., Ltd. 263.21 2.19 % Mao Shenling 255.32 2.12 % Jia Yuling 246.43 2.05 % Weifang City Economic Development Company 196.39 1.63 % Shouguang City Xingchang Coal Company 158.47 1.32 % Zhang Chunmao 149.28 1.24 % Total 24.93 % Operations The main raw materials needed for the production of our day-old broilers are parent breeders, feed, and medicines and vaccines. PRC Yuhe purchases parent breeders from multiple suppliers. As a result of the massive slaughter of poultry in 2006 due to an outbreak of avian influenza, parent breeders are currently in short supply in China. However we have historically been able to procure adequate stocks of parent breeders with a 5-8% discount from our principal suppliers as a result of our eight- to ten-year relationship with them and our large, stable orders. We purchase our parent breeders from our long-term suppliers in Shandong Province. Taihong sells breeder feed to PRC Yuhe at cost, and these supplies have historically accounted for all of PRC Yuhe’s feed requirements. The main raw materials for Taihong’s feed are corn, soybean meal and nutritional elements for feed production. Taihong purchases feed ingredients from numerous sources, but primarily from wholesalers who collect the feed ingredients directly from farmers. Taihong’s feed is produced in three separate phases. First, pre-mix feed is produced from micro-nutritional elements, such as vitamins and minerals. Second, concentrate feed is mixed by blending pre-mix feed and protein such as soybean meals. Finally, whole feed is produced by mixing concentrate feed, corn and soybean meal. Every raw material Taihong uses has more than three suppliers. Taihong is not a large purchaser in the market for these materials, so to strengthen its bargaining power, Taihong will sometimes cooperate with other purchasers to place joint orders. We believe that our sources of supply for these materials are adequate for our present needs and do not anticipate any difficulty in acquiring these materials in the immediate future. -32- We obtain our medicines from suppliers in Beijing and Shandong, and our vaccines locally in Harbin, Heilongjiang Province and from foreign companies in the United States and Israel. Every such material we use has more than three suppliers. We consider the health of our flocks to be our primary concern, and as such, we undertake vaccination programs for our birds. Every breeder is vaccinated with at least ten types of vaccine, including those against avian flu. Our birds are raised in enclosed buildings, not in the open where they would be more prone to exposure to potential disease carriers. Our breeder farms are also distributed among various locations at least five kilometers from each other so as to minimize the risks of co-infection. None of our birds have been infected with the H5N1 virus, and no cases of H5N1 have been found in Shandong Province, where our farms are located. We are also one of the few companies in China to immunize our embryos using the Inovoject® system provided by Embrex, Inc. PRC Yuhe was certified as ISO9001:2000 compliant for quality management systems on May 8, 2003. Customers and Distribution Through PRC Yuhe, our customers are principally comprised of integrated chicken companies, broiler raising companies and individual broiler raisers. Most of our day-old broilers are sold through third-party distributors. 45% of our sales volume consists of sales to customers with whom we have had a sales relationship for at least five years. We anticipate that we will use a penetration pricing strategy when first entering a new geographic area. Historically our penetration price has been RMB 0.1 to RMB 0.2 per chick lower than our list price, which was still higher than the prevailing market price in the market we were seeking to enter. For the remaining feed produced by Taihong that is not sold to PRC Yuhe, Taihong retains sales agents in various key locations to sell the feed. Because Taihong’s excess feed production is not large, its feed is sold primarily in Shandong Province. As a part of our after-sales service and customer relations initiative, we regularly visit our customers to educate them on broiler-raising techniques, conduct regular training courses and provide them with a 24-hour help line. We also provide guarantees to our customers that the survival rate of our day-old broilers will be not less than 98%. Partly as a result of these initiatives, to date we have been able to sell our day-old broilers at prices higher than the prevailing market price. Sales to PRC Yuhe’s customers in 2007 and 2006 were as follows: 2007 Customers Amount % of ($ ,000) Total Wang Jianbo 3,217.25 15.07 % Li Chuanwang 2,593.89 12.15 % Wei Yunchao 2,470.88 11.57 % Tian Liqiu 1,806.22 8.46 % Yang Lunhao 1,324.87 6.21 % Zhang Songtang 958.70 4.49 % Wang Jiazhong 936.77 4.38 % Jia Deliang 825.03 3.86 % Geng Naiwei 754.30 3.53 % Xing Changhan 707.95 3.32 % Total 73.04 % -33- 2006 Customers Amount % of ($ ,000) Total Wang Jianbo 1,478.15 10.63 % Li Chuanwang 1,393.92 10.03 % Wei Yunchao 1,207.57 8.69 % Tian Liqiu 789.73 5.68 % Mi Ruixiang 626.06 4.50 % Wang Jiazhong 609.54 4.38 % Yang Lunhao 486.11 3.50 % Zhang Songtang 409.40 2.95 % Yataizhonghui Co. Ltd. 384.79 2.77 % Hao Shenglin 380.89 2.74 % Total 55.87 % Employees As of March 31, 2008, PRC Yuhe and Taihong had 1,100 full-time employees. Among these full-time employees, 80 employees, who are key technical and operational personnel, have directly signed employment contracts with us. The remaining employees who are unskilled workers have signed their employment contracts with Weifang Chuangfu Labor Co., Ltd., an outside labor contracting company that provides employees to meet our staffing needs. We compensate the employees of Weifang Chuangfu Labor Co., Ltd. directly for the services that these employees render to us and we pay Weifang Chuangfu Labor Co., Ltd. a yearly service fee. Bright Stand has no employees. R&D and Intellectual Property PRC Yuhe and Taihong have not made any R&D expenditure in the last two fiscal years. PRC Yuhe is the registered owner of a PRC trademark consisting of the stylized Chinese characters “Yu He” and accompanying logo in live agricultural products. Through a license agreement with PRC Yuhe, Taihong has the license to use the same trademark. PRC Yuhe and Taihong have no other patents, trademarks, other licenses, franchises, concessions or royalty agreements. Environmental Laws Our breeders farms are located in rural areas where there are no specific requirements imposed on us by relevant environmental protection agencies. Fecal wastes are treated and converted by us to fertilizers and sold to farmers. PRC Yuhe and Taihong have never been penalized by any environmental protection agencies. We therefore do not incur any significant environmental law compliance costs. Governmental Approvals The production activities of PRC Yuhe and Taihong are primarily regulated by the Farming Bureau of Shandong Province. PRC Yuhe is required to have a production permit issued by the Farming Bureau of Shandong Province and an immunization certificate issued by the Farming Bureau of Hanting District in Weifang. Taihong is required to have a production permit issued by the Farming Bureau of Shandong Province. PRC Yuhe and Taihong have obtained each of the above mentioned permits and certificates and all of these are currently valid and effective. Generally, the primary breeder stock is imported and the import volume is closely controlled by the PRC government. We have not seen an increasing trend of the import volume. PRC Yuhe is currently entitled to an exemption from Chinese enterprises income tax, or EIT, due to the fact that PRC Yuhe has been recognized as “a national leading agricultural enterprise”. In accordance with the relevant regulations regarding the tax exemption, PRC Yuhe is tax-exempt as long as it continues to be recognized as “the national leading agricultural enterprise”. On January 31, 2008, the Chinese operating subsidiaries PRC Yuhe and Taihong were acquired by Bright Stand. As a foreign-invested enterprise, PRC Yuhe cannot enjoy the tax exemption policy mentioned above, and PRC Yuhe will be subject to Chinese EIT of 33% commencing from January 31, 2008. On March 16, 2007, the National People’s Congress of the PRC adopted a new corporate income tax law, which unifies the scope of application, the tax rate, the tax deduction and preferential policy for both domestic and foreign-invested enterprises. The new corporate income tax law will come into effect on January 1, 2008 and the applicable income tax rate for our operating subsidiaries may be subject to 25% after the effective date of the new corporate income tax law. -34- Seasonality Our operating results and operating cash flows historically have been subject to seasonal variations. Demand for our day-old broilers generally decreases in May and June. Since our ultimate clients are mostly farmers and the second quarter is their busy season for reaping, farmers have little idle time to raise broilers during these months. The other low season for our products is from the second half of December to the first half of January, which we believe is caused by a Chinese cultural taboo on animal slaughter during the Chinese New Year holiday, which occurs between late January and early February. Because it usually takes approximately 45 days for a day-old broiler to reach market weight, we experience reduced demand for our day-old broilers during the period from 30 to 60 days prior to the Chinese New Year holiday period. In addition, since most farmers are likely to rest during the Chinese New Year holiday, rather than work, February would be another low season for our products. Facilities PRC Yuhe owns the land use rights to three parcels of land in Weifang, Shandong Province, totaling approximately 77,970 square meters. The first parcel comprises 25,040 square meters and is the location of a hatchery operated PRC Yuhe. The second parcel of property comprises 31,450 square meters and is the location of our corporate headquarters. The third parcel comprises 21,470 square meters and is the location of the feed mill operated by Taihong. All three of these parcels are located within Weifang. The exclusive rights to use each of the three properties are valid for a period of 50 years and will expire in 2052 and 2053. PRC Yuhe owns sixteen buildings totaling approximately 1,722 square meters that house our corporate headquarters and living quarters for our staff. In addition, PRC Yuhe leases approximately 590,000 square meters of land to house ten breeder farms and approximately 63,000 square meters of land to house two hatcheries. PRC Yuhe has built on the leased land various buildings to house its breeder and hatchery operations. These buildings are considered to be temporary structures. We do not own or lease any undeveloped property, and all the above facilities are currently in good working condition. As of May 8, 2008, we are not covered by any insurance. We are reviewing our insurance requirements as we believe that we may be underinsured. Legal Proceedings From time to time, we may become involved in litigation relating to claims arising from the ordinary course of our business. We believe that there are no claims or actions currently pending or threatened against us, the ultimate disposition of which would have a material adverse effect on us. -35- MANAGEMENT Executive Officers, Director and Key Employees The following table sets forth information about our executive officers, director and key employees as of May 8, 2008: Name Age Position Executive Officers Gao Zhentao 47 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors Han Chengxiang 44 Chief Production Officer Jiang Yingjun 33 Chief Financial Officer Key Employees Tan Yi 52 Marketing Director of PRC Yuhe Ding Wengui 45 Chief Technology Officer of PRC Yuhe Gao Zhentao has been our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our Board of Directors since March 12, 2008. Prior to joining Yuhe, Mr. Gao served as the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of PRC Yuhe from 1996 to 2008. He was one of the co-founders of PRC Yuhe and Taihong. Mr. Gao is a member of the Agricultural Work Committee of the Weifang City People’s Congress and a member of the Standing Committee of the Hanting District People’s Congress. Mr. Gao has also served as the vice-chairman of the Shandong Province Farming Association since 2006, and as vice-chairman of the Poultry Subcommittee of the National Farming Association of China since 2007. Han Chengxiang has been our Chief Production Officer since March 12, 2008. Prior to joining Yuhe, Mr. Han served as the Chief Production Officer of PRC Yuhe from 1998 to 2008. Prior to joining PRC Yuhe in 1998, Mr. Han served as the vice factory manager and then the factory manager of Weifang Zhonglianghua Food Co., Ltd. from 1996 to 2007. Prior to that, Mr. Han served as the chief production officer and then the vice factory manager of Weifang Broiler Group Co., Ltd. from 1990 to 1996. Jiang Yingjun has been our Chief Financial Office since March 12, 2008. Prior to joining Yuhe, Mr. Jiang served as Chief Financial Officer of PRC Yuhe from 2005 to 2008. Prior to 2005, Mr. Jiang served as Chief Accountant of Rongyuan Fabrics Co., Ltd., a fabrics company in Shandong Province from 2003 to 2005. Prior to that, Mr. Jiang served as Chief Accountant of Xingchang Meat Group, a major meat producing company in Shandong Province from 1999 to 2003. Mr. Jiang holds a degree in accounting from Weifang College. Tan Yi has served as Marketing Director of PRC Yuhe since 1995. Prior to joining PRC Yuhe in 1995, Mr. Tan served in various marketing roles with a gas company located in Harbin Province from 1990 to 1994. Ding Wengui has been the chief technology officer of our subsidiary PRC Yuhe since 2006. Prior to this he served as the general manager of PRC Yuhe’s production division. Prior to joining PRC Yuhe in 2005, Mr. Ding worked at Qingdao Zhengda Co., Ltd., a broiler chicken company located in Shandong Province from 1993 to 2005, where he ultimately served as the vice general manager of its production division. Prior to joining Qingdao Zhengda Co., Ltd. in 1993, Mr. Ding worked at Heilongjiang Tieli Agricultural Co., Ltd., a company located in Heilongjiang Province from 1983 to 1993. Mr. Ding holds a degree in agriculture from the Heilongjiang Bayi Agricultural University. -36- Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings To our knowledge, during the past five years, none of our directors or executive officers was involved in any of the following: (1) any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (2) any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses; (3) being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his/her involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; and (4) being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. Board Composition; Director Independence; Committees Our Board of Directors only has one director, Gao Zhentao, who is also an officer of us, and therefore is not “independent” under the rules of the NASDAQ Global Market or any other securities exchange. Since we are not listed on any securities exchange, we are not required to have a board of directors with a majority of independent directors. Mr. Gao will remain a director until the next annual meeting of shareholders and the election and qualification of his successor(s). Officers are elected annually by our board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board. Our board of directors has established no committees. Because we are not listed on a national securities exchange or an automated inter-dealer quotation system of a national securities association, we are not required to have an audit committee. Although we expect to establish an audit committee at some time in the future, we have not done so yet and we have no firm plans to do so in the near future. Since we have not established such a committee, we have not identified any member of such a committee as a financial expert. -37- EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Summary Compensation Table The following table presents compensation information for our fiscal years ended December 31, 2006 and 2007 paid to or accrued for our chief executive officer, our two former presidents, our chief financial officer and our three other most highly compensated officers or former officers. We refer to these executive officers as our “named executive officers.” Annual Compensation Name and Principal Position Year Salary Bonus All Other Compensation Total Gao Zhentao (1) Chief Executive Officer 2007 2006 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Han Chengxiang Chief Production Officer 2007 2006 4,616 2,308 0 0 0 0 4,616 2,308 Jiang Yingjun Chief Financial Officer 2007 2006 2,311 2,400 0 0 0 0 2,311 2,400 Richard Crimmins (2) Former President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Secretary-Treasurer 2007 2006 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Pam Jowett (3) Former President 2007 2006 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 (1) Gao Zhentao receives an annual salary in the sum of $8,000 from the Yuhe Group. (2) Mr. Crimmins served as the President of First Growth from November 16, 2007 through March 12, 2008. (3) Ms. Jowett served as the President of First Growth from September 1997 through November 16, 2007. Compensation Discussion and Analysis The following discussion and analysis of compensation arrangements of our named executive officers for 2006 and 2007 should be read together with the compensation tables set forth above and related disclosures set forth below. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on our current plans, considerations, expectations and determinations regarding future compensation programs. The actual amount and form of compensation and the compensation programs that we adopt may differ materially from currently planned programs as summarized in this discussion. Evolution of Our Compensation Approach; Compensation Philosophy Our historical executive compensation programs were developed and implemented while we were a private company. To date, our compensation programs and the process by which they were developed, were less formal than that typically employed by public companies. In particular, our board of directors, which currently consists of a single member who also serves as our chief executive officer, performs the functions of the compensation committee in many public companies. The primary goal of our board of directors in determining compensation levels is to adequately reward the efforts and achievements of executive officers for our management team. We have traditionally placed significant emphasis on the business judgment of our board of directors and the recommendations of our chief executive officer with respect to the determination of executive compensation. We have not used a compensation consultant in any capacity but believe that our executive officer compensation package is comparable and competitive to similar businesses in northern China. As we gain experience as a public company, we expect the specific direction, emphasis and components of our compensation program will evolve and become more formalized. -38- Components of Our Executive Compensation Program Our executive compensation consists of the following elements: Base Salary. Base salaries for our executives are used to recognize the experience, skills, knowledge and responsibilities required of all our employees, including our executives. The 2007 base salary for each of our executive officers was based on the recommendation of the chief executive officer, which was based on his review of his business judgment and the assessment of the executive’s performance and are intended to be similar to salaries paid to executives at other companies in similar positions in Weifang, Shandong Province, China. Base salaries are reviewed annually to confirm that they remain aligned with market levels after taking into account individual responsibilities, performance and experience. Discretionary Annual Bonus. Our board of directors has the authority to award discretionary annual bonuses to our executive officers, including our chief executive officer. Bonuses awarded were intended to compensate officers for achieving financial and operational goals, such as the business targets noted above, and for achieving individual annual performance objectives. These objectives vary depending on the individual, but relate generally to strategic factors such as the financial performance, results of operation, per share performance of our common stock and the level of responsibility of each individual’s position. In 2007 and 2008 these objectives specifically include the individual’s contribution to the process of going public and revenue growth. The actual amount of discretionary bonus granted is determined following a review of each executive’s individual performance and contribution to our strategic goals conducted within three months following the end of the applicable fiscal year. Long-Term Incentive Plan Awards. We currently do not have a stock option plan, stock appreciation rights plan or other long-term incentive plans. We may implement a long-term incentive plan in the future; however because of Chinese tax laws, we currently do not consider these types of awards desirable. Defined Benefit or Actuarial Plan. We contribute 20% from an individual employee’s total amount of monthly salary to pension insurance as required under Shandong Province local labor regulations, which has been reflected in the summary compensation table above. Each employee contributes 8% from his total amount of monthly salary to the same government-sponsored program, although we withhold and pay such percentage on behalf of the employee. However, no benefits are determined by final compensation and years of service. Employment contracts and change of control arrangement All key executive officers of PRC Yuhe and Taihong are under employment contracts. These contracts will have period of validity of between five to ten years and one-month notice period for early termination. None of the executive officers has a change-of-control related arrangement with us. Security ownership guidelines We do not have a stock grant policy or any stock ownership guidelines. Accounting and tax treatment Given our current levels of compensation, the accounting and tax considerations have not significantly impacted our forms of compensation. The board considers as one factor the impact of accounting and tax treatment on compensation in our compensation programs. Director Compensation None of the directors who served during the past two fiscal years received any form of compensation from us. Our current sole director, Gao Zhentao, is also an officer of Yuhe and received no additional compensation for being a director. -39- RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Security Interest in Personal Real Estate. On November 9, 2006, PRC Yuhe borrowed $266,667 from Wei Fang Han Ting Rural Credit Cooperatives Union, which was secured by a mortgage on the personal residence of Gao Zhentao, our chief executive officer. There is currently a principal balance of or $266,667 outstanding on the loan, which accrues interest at the rate of 0.6825% per month. Accrued interest on the loan is payable on a monthly basis, and all outstanding principal and interest will become due and payable on November 8, 2009. Salary paid by the Group. Since PRC Yuhe’s inception, the salary of our chief executive officer, Gao Zhentao, was paid by Shandong Yuhe Food Group Co., Ltd., or Yuhe Group, a PRC company based in Weifang, Shandong Province that is controlled by our chief executive officer and his brother, Gao Zhenbo. In 2007 this salary totaled $8,000. Share Exchange Agreement Transaction Between Mr. Kunio Yamamoto and First Growth. We entered into an Equity Transfer Agreement (the “Equity Transfer Agreement”), dated as of March 12, 2008, with Mr. Kunio Yamamoto, the sole shareholder of Bright Stand, to exchange all of the issued and outstanding shares of Bright Stand owned by him in exchange for our issuing to Mr. Yamamoto 126,857,134 unregistered shares (equivalent to 8,626,236 post-split shares) of our common stock. As a result of the transaction, Mr. Yamamoto holds 126,857,134 shares (equivalent to 8,626,236 post-split shares) or 88.8 % of our 142,857,134 shares (equivalent to 9,714,230 post-split shares) of common stock then outstanding following the completion of all matters referred to above. Loans to Former Owners of PRC Yuhe and Taihong. Mr. Gao Zhentao, a director and former owner of PRC Yuhe, has as of December 31, 2007 borrowed $69,458 from PRC Yuhe. There was no interest charged on this unsecured loan, and the loan was due and payable on March 31, 2008. Mr. Gao Zhenbo, a director of PRC Yuhe and former owner of Taihong, has as of December 31, 2007 borrowed $50,031 from PRC Yuhe. There was no interest charged on this unsecured loan, and the loan was due and payable on March 31, 2008. Both loans were repaid on February 19, 2008. Loans From Companies in which Former Owner of PRC Yuhe Served as a Director. PRC Yuhe had as of December 31, 2006 borrowed from Weifang Hexing Breeding Co., Ltd., a company in which Mr. Gao Zhentao served as a director, a loan in the amount of $1,879,785. There was no interest charged on this unsecured loan, and the loan was repaid on June 30, 2007. PRC Yuhe had as of December 31, 2006 borrowed from Weifang Hexing Breeding Co., Ltd., a company in which Mr. Gao Zhentao served as a director, a loan in the amount of $687,954. There was no interest charged on this unsecured loan, and the loan was repaid on June 30, 2007. Both loans were made for working capital purposes. Loans to Companies in which Former Owner of PRC Yuhe Served as a Director. Hefeng Green Agriculture Co., Ltd., a company in which Mr. Gao Zhentao served as a director, has cumulatively borrowed from PRC Yuhe as of, respectively, December 31, 2006 and December 31, 2007, $66,419 and $69,069. There is no interest charged on this unsecured loan, and the loan is due and payable on December 31, 2008. Shandong Yuhe Food Co., Ltd., a company in which Mr. Gao Zhentao served as a director, has cumulatively borrowed from PRC Yuhe as of, respectively, December 31, 2006 and December 31, 2007, $4,015,833 and $6,162,750. There is no interest charged on this unsecured loan, and the loan is due and payable on December 31, 2008. Shandong Yuhe New Agriculture Academy of Sciences, a company in which Mr. Gao Zhentao served as a director, has cumulatively borrowed from PRC Yuhe as of, respectively, December 31, 2006 and December 31, 2007, $45,268 and $48,413. There is no interest charged on this unsecured loan, and the loan is due and payable on December 31, 2008. All such loans were made for the working capital purposes of such companies. Providing Guarantees on Behalf of A Former Owner of PRC Yuhe. PRC Yuhe provided a guarantee in favor of Shandong Yuhe Food Group Co., Ltd., a former owner of PRC Yuhe, in the amount of $2,128,399. The guarantee expired in January 2008. -40- Acquisition by Halter Financial . We entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement, the “Stock Purchase Agreement”, with Halter Financial Investments, L.P., a Texas limited partnership, “Halter Financial”, dated as of November 6, 2007, pursuant to which we agreed to sell to Halter Financial 14,000,000 unregistered shares (equivalent to 951,996 post-split shares) of our common stock for $425,000. The transaction closed on November 16, 2007. As a result of the transaction, Halter Financial held 14,000,000 shares (equivalent to 951,996 post-split shares) or 87.5% of our 16,000,000 shares (equivalent to 1,087,994 post-split shares) of common stock then outstanding following the completion. The Stock Purchase Agreement also required our Board of Directors to declare and pay a special cash dividend of $0.21 ($3.088 post-split) per share to our shareholders on November 19, 2007. Halter Financial did not participate in such dividend. The dividend was payable to shareholders of record on November 15, 2007, which was prior to the date the shares were issued to Halter Financial under the Stock Purchase Agreement. The dividend payment date was November 19, 2007. The dividend was payable to our shareholders who held 2,000,000 shares of its common stock and resulted in a total dividend distribution of $420,000. The funds for the dividend came from the $425,000 proceeds received from the sale of common stock to Halter Financial. Halter Financial is a Texas limited partnership of which Halter Financial Investments GP, LLC, a Texas limited liability company is the sole general partner. The limited partners of HFI are: (i) TPH Capital, L.P., a Texas limited partnership of which TPH Capital GP, LLC is the general partner and Timothy P. Halter is the sole member of TPH Capital GP, LLC; (ii) Bellfield Capital, L.P., a Texas limited partnership of which Bellfield Capital Management, LLC is the sole general partner and David Brigante is the sole member of Bellfield Capital Management, LLC; (iii) Colhurst Capital LP, a Texas limited partnership of which Colhurst Capital GP, LLC is the general partner and George L. Diamond is the sole member of Colhurst Capital GP, LLC; and (iv) Rivergreen Capital, LLC of which Marat Rosenberg is the sole member. As a result, each of the foregoing persons may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the shares held of record by Halter Financial. Equity Investment by Certain Investors . Effective March 12, 2008 we closed a Securities Purchase Agreement (the “Securities Purchase Agreement”) with certain investors. Pursuant to the terms of such Securities Purchase Agreement, such investors collectively invested approximately $18,000,000 into us at the price of $0.21 ($3.088 post-split) per share in exchange for our issuance of 85,714,282 shares (equivalent to 5,828,539 post-split shares) to such investors. Mr. Yamamoto also sold 14,285,710 shares (equivalent to 971,423 post-split shares) of common stock to such investors for $3,000,000. Immediately following the closing of the Securities Purchase Agreement, Mr. Yamamoto owned 112,571,424 shares (equivalent to 7,654,815 post-split shares) of our common stock, and the investors owned 99,999,992 shares (equivalent to 6,800,518 post-split shares) of our common stock. Agreements with Placement Agents. On March 12, 2008, as part of the compensation to our placement agent, Roth Capital Partners, LLC, in connection with their services under the Securities Purchase Agreement, we issued to Roth Capital Partners, LLC and WLT Brothers Capital, Inc. warrants to acquire an aggregate of 6,999,999 shares (equivalent to 476,014 post-split shares) of common stock, exercisable at any time after the date falling 6 months after their issuance. The warrants have a strike price equal to $0.252 ($3.705 post-split), have a term of three years starting from March 12, 2008 and permit cashless or cash exercise at all times after they are exercisable until they expire on March 12, 2011. The shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the warrants have registration rights. In addition, Roth Capital Partners, LLC and WLT Brothers Capital, Inc. received cash compensation in the amount of $1.47 million. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE On March 12, 2008, concurrent with the reverse acquisition of First Growth, our board of directors approved the dismissal of Pritchett, Siler & Hardy, P.C. as our independent auditor, effective upon the completion of the audit of financial statements of First Growth as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007 and the issuance of its report thereon. Concurrent with the decision to dismiss Pritchett, Siler & Hardy, P.C. as our independent auditor, our board of directors elected to continue the existing relationship of our new subsidiary Weifang Yuhe Poultry Co., Ltd. with Child, Van Wagoner & Bradshaw, PLLC and appointed Child, Van Wagoner & Bradshaw, PLLC as our independent auditor. The dismissal of Pritchett, Siler & Hardy, P.C. became effective when Pritchett, Siler & Hardy, P.C. completed its audit of such financial statements and released its report with respect thereto on March 31, 2008. The reports of Pritchett, Siler & Hardy, P.C. on our financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 did not contain an adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion, nor were they qualified or modified as to any uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles. During our fiscal years ended December 31, 2006 and 2007 and the subsequent interim periods preceding the termination, there were no disagreements with Pritchett, Siler & Hardy, P.C. on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Pritchett, Siler & Hardy, P.C. would have caused Pritchett, Siler & Hardy, P.C. to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreements in connection with its report on the financial statements for such years or subsequent interim periods. -41- During our two most recent fiscal years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, we did not consult Child, Van Wagoner & Bradshaw, PLLC with respect to (i) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed; or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on our consolidated financial statements, and neither a written report was provided to us nor oral advice was provided that Child, Van Wagoner & Bradshaw, PLLC concluded was an important factor considered by us in reaching a decision as to the accounting, auditing or financial reporting issue; or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement, as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions to that Item, or a reportable event, as described in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. We provided Pritchett, Siler & Hardy, P.C. with a copy of this disclosure on April 2, 2008, providing Pritchett, Siler & Hardy, P.C. with the opportunity to furnish us with a letter addressed to the SEC stating whether it agrees with the statement made by us herein in response to Item 304(a) of Regulation S-K and, if not, stating the respect in which it does not agree. A letter from Pritchett, Siler & Hardy, P.C. dated April 3, 2008 was filed by us as Exhibit 16.1 to our current report on Form 8-K on April 4, 2008. -42- SELLING SECURITY HOLDERS On behalf of the Selling Security Holders named in the table below (including their donees, pledgees, transferees or other successors-in-interest who receive any of the shares covered by this prospectus), we are registering, pursuant to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, 7,871,515 shares of our common stock. We are registering the shares being offered under this prospectus pursuant to a Registration Rights Agreement (the “Registration Rights Agreement”), dated March 12, 2008, between our company and the Selling Security Holders. The Registration Rights Agreement was entered into in connection with our 2008 private placement financing transaction, which is described in more detail below in the section entitled “Description of Capital Stock.” The number of shares of common stock that will be outstanding immediately after this offering is based on the number of shares outstanding as of May 8, 2008, which includes the 7,871,515 shares being offered under this prospectus. We are registering the shares to permit the Selling Security Holders to offer these shares for resale from time to time. The Selling Security Holders may sell all, some or none of the shares covered by this prospectus. For more information, see the section of this prospectus entitled “Plan of Distribution.” The table below lists the Selling Security Holders and other information regarding the beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock by each of the Selling Security Holders as of May 8, 2008. The following table and the footnotes thereto were prepared based on the records of our transfer agent as of May 8, 2008, except that all information with respect to beneficial ownership has been furnished to us by the Selling Security Holders. The inclusion of any securities in the following table does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership by the persons named below. Except as indicated in the footnotes to the table, no Selling Security Holder has had any material relationship with us or our predecessors or affiliates during the last three years. Number of Shares Beneficially Owned Prior to Number of Shares Registered Shares Owned After Sale of All Registered Shares (1) Name of Selling Security Holder This Offering for Sale (1) No. Shares Percentage (2) Halter Financial Investment, L.P 3 429,046 429,046 0 * Halter Financial Group, L.P. 4 522,950 522,950 0 * Pam Jowett 5 2,380 2,380 0 * Lynn Dixon 6 38,647 38,647 0 * Van L. Butler 7 680 680 0 * Devonshire Partners, LLC 8 38,647 38,647 0 * Real Path, Inc. 9 27,200 27,200 0 * Lazlo Schwartz 10 11,447 11,447 0 * Dehua Qian 11 9,715 9,715 0 * Westpark Capital, L. P. 12 37,848 37,848 0 * Liping Gu 13 32,383 32,383 0 * Ruoling Wang 14 32,383 32,383 0 * Wu Mijia 15 16,192 16,192 0 * Ancora Greater China Fund, LP 16 32,383 32,383 0 * Atlas Allocation Fund, L.P. 17 36,027 36,027 0 * Howard H. Lu 18 6,477 6,477 0 * Investment Hunter, LLC 19 485,751 485,751 0 * Black River Commodity Select Fund Ltd 20 971,503 971,503 0 * Black River Small Capitalization Fund Ltd 21 1,295,337 1,295,337 0 * Chestnut Ridge Partners, LP 22 36,027 36,027 0 * Hua-Mei 21 st Century Partners, LP 23 64,767 64,767 0 * Southwell Partners, L.P. 24 37,848 37,848 0 * Kevin B Halter Jr. 25 32,383 32,383 0 * Octagon Capital Partners 26 10,120 10,120 0 * Guerrilla Partners LP 27 64,767 64,767 0 * Pinnacle China Fund L.P. 28 1,214,378 1,214,378 0 * Pinnacle Fund L.P. 29 1,214,378 1,214,378 0 * Straus Partners, LP 30 21,859 21,859 0 * Straus-GEPT Partners, LP 31 14,573 14,573 0 * Ardsley Partners Fund II, LP 32 478,667 478,667 0 * Marion Lynton 33 12,144 12,144 0 * Ardsley Offshore Fund, LP 34 333,954 333,954 0 * Ardsley Partners Institutional Fund, LP 35 308,654 308,654 0 * Total 7,871,515 7,871,515 -43- * Less than 1% (1) Assumes that the Selling Security Holders dispose of all the shares of common stock covered by this prospectus and do not acquire or dispose of any additional shares. The Selling Security Holders are not representing, however, that any of the shares covered by this prospectus will be offered for sale, and the Selling Security Holders reserve the right to accept or reject, in whole or in part, any proposed sale of shares. (2) The percentage of common stock beneficially owned is based on 15,543,330 shares of common stock outstanding on May 8, 2008. (3) Address is 12890 Hilltop Road, Argyle, TX 76226. Halter Financial Investments, L.P. (“HFI”) is a Texas limited partnership of which Halter Financial Investments GP, LLC, a Texas limited liability company, is the sole general partner. The natural persons who are the beneficial owners of a majority of the voting stock of Halter Financial Investments GP, LLC include: (i) TPH Capital, L.P., a Texas limited partnership of which TPH Capital GP, LLC is the general partner and Timothy P. Halter is the sole member of TPH Capital GP, LLC; (ii) Bellfield Capital, L.P., a Texas limited partnership of which Bellfield Capital Management, LLC is the sole general partner and Dave Brigante is the sole member of Bellfield Capital Management, LLC; (iii) Colhurst Capital LP, a Texas limited partnership of which Colhurst Capital GP, LLC is the general partner and George L. Diamond is the sole member of Colhurst Capital GP, LLC; and (iv) Rivergreen Capital LLC of which Marat Rosenberg is the sole member. The other limited partners of HFI are: (i) TPH Capital, L.P., a Texas limited partnership of which TPH Capital GP, LLC is the general partner and Timothy P. Halter is the sole member of TPH Capital GP, LLC; (ii) Bellfield Capital, L.P., a Texas limited partnership of which Bellfield Capital Management, LLC is the sole general partner and Dave Brigante is the sole member of Bellfield Capital Management, LLC; (iii) Colhurst Capital LP, a Texas limited partnership of which Colhurst Capital GP, LLC is the general partner and George L. Diamond is the sole member of Colhurst Capital GP, LLC; and (iv) Rivergreen Capital LLC of which Marat Rosenberg is the sole member. As a result, each of the foregoing persons may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the shares held of record by HFI. (4) Address is 12890 Hilltop Road, Argyle, TX 76226. Halter Financial Group, L.P. (“HFG”) is a Texas limited partnership of which Halter Financial Group GP, LLC, a Texas limited liability company, is the sole general partner. The members of Halter Financial Group GP, LLC include: (i) TPH Capital, L.P., a Texas limited partnership of which TPH Capital GP, LLC is the general partner and Timothy P. Halter is the sole member of TPH Capital GP, LLC; (ii) Bellfield Capital, L.P., a Texas limited partnership of which Bellfield Capital Management, LLC is the sole general partner and Dave Brigante is the sole member of Bellfield Capital Management, LLC; (iii) Colhurst Capital LP, a Texas limited partnership of which Colhurst Capital GP, LLC is the general partner and George L. Diamond is the sole member of Colhurst Capital GP, LLC; and (iv) Rivergreen Capital LLC of which Marat Rosenberg is the sole member. As a result, each of the foregoing individuals may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the shares held of record by Halter Financial Group GP, LLC. Similarly, the limited partners of HFG are: (i) TPH Capital, L.P., a Texas limited partnership of which TPH Capital GP, LLC is the general partner and Timothy P. Halter is the sole member of TPH Capital GP, LLC; (ii) Bellfield Capital, L.P., a Texas limited partnership of which Bellfield Capital Management, LLC is the sole general partner and Dave Brigante is the sole member of Bellfield Capital Management, LLC; (iii) Colhurst Capital LP, a Texas limited partnership of which Colhurst Capital GP, LLC is the general partner and George L. Diamond is the sole member of Colhurst Capital GP, LLC; and (iv) Rivergreen Capital LLC of which Marat Rosenberg is the sole member. As a result, each of the foregoing per sons may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the shares held of record by HFG. (5) Address is 2508 South 1300 East, Salt Lake City, UT 84106. Ms. Pam Jowett was the sole officer and director of the Company from its inception in 1997 until November 16, 2007 . (6) Address is 311 S State Street Suite No 460, Salt Lake City, UT 84111. Mr. Thomas G. Kimble and Mr. Dixon were principal shareholders of the Company for the three years prior to November 16, 2007, when they ceased to be 10% shareholders. (7) Address is 311 S State Street Suite No 440, Salt Lake City, UT 84111. (8) Address is 311 S State Street Suite No 440, Salt Lake City, UT 84111. These shares held of record in the name of Devonshire Partners, LLC, a Colorado limited liability Company are owned and controlled solely by Thomas G. Kimble. Mr. Kimble and Mr. Dixon were the principal shareholders of the Company for the three years prior to November 16, 2007, when they ceased to be 10% shareholders. (9) Address is 2232 South Nellis Blvd No 211, Las Vegas, NV 89104. These shares held of record in the name of Real Path, Inc., a Nevada Corporation are owned and controlled solely by Suzanne Rupert. (10) Address is 14 Dover Terrace, Monsey, NY 10952. (11) Address is Rm.301 No.121 Block, Jiaxin Garden, Huanghua Rd., Shanghai 201103 PRC. (12) Address is 4965 Preston Park Blvd, Suite 220, Plano, TX 75093. Patrick J. Brosnahan, the General Partner of Wespark Capital, L. P. has dispositive and voting power over the shares and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the shares of common stock beneficially owned by Westpark Capital, L. P. Mr. Brosnahan disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares to the extent of his direct or indirect pecuniary interest. (13) Address is 16F, East Tower of Julong Plaza No. 9, Hangda, Hang Zhou, 310007 PRC. (14) Address is Rm 1701, 21 Building, 669 Baiyu Rd., Shanghai, 200063 PRC. -44- (15) Address is 3-52-402 Jinhui Garden, Hongsong Road, Shanghai, 201103 PRC. (16) Address is One Chagrin Highlands, 2000 Auburn Dr #300, Cleveland, OH 44122. John P. Micklitsch has dispositive and voting power over the shares and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the shares of common stock beneficially owned by Ancora Greater China Fund, LP. (17) Address is 100 Crescent Court, Suite 880, Dallas, TX 75201. Robert H. Alpert has dispositive and voting power over the shares and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the shares of common stock beneficially owned by Atlas Allocation Fund, L.P. (18) Address is 1224 East Green Street, Suite 200, Pasadena, CA 91106. (19) Address is P.O. Box 540308, Dallas, TX 75354-0308. Gary C. Evans has dispositive and voting power over the shares and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the shares of common stock beneficially owned by Investment Hunter, LLC. (20) Address is 12700 Whitewater Drive, Minnetonka, MN 55343-9438. Pursuant to an investment advisory agreement, Black River Asset Management LLC has investment and voting power with respect to the securities held by the Black River Commodity Select Fund Ltd. (21) Address is 12700 Whitewater Drive, Minnetonka, MN 55343-9438. Pursuant to an investment advisory agreement, Black River Asset Management LLC has investment and voting power with respect to the securities held by the Black River Small Capitalization Fund Ltd. (22) Address is 50 Tice Boulevard, Woodcliff Lake, NJ 07677. Kenneth Pasternak has dispositive and voting power over the shares and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the shares of common stock beneficially owned by Chestnut Ridge Partners, LP. (23) Address is 237 Park Ave 9th Fl, New York, NY 10017. Peter Siris and Leigh S. Curry has dispositive and voting power over the shares and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the shares of common stock beneficially owned by Hua-Mei 21 st Century Partners, LP. (24) Address is 1901 North Akard St., Dallas, TX 75201. Wilson S. Jaeggli has dispositive and voting power over the shares and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the shares of common stock beneficially owned by Southwell Partners, L.P. (25) Address is 2591 Dallas Parkway #102, Frisco, TX 75034. (26) Address is 155 West 68th Street, #27E, New York, NY 10023. Steven Hart has dispositive and voting power over the shares and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the shares of common stock beneficially owned by Octagon Capital Partners. (27) Address is 237 Park Ave 9th Fl, New York, NY 10017. Peter Siris and Leigh S. Curry has dispositive and voting power over the shares and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the shares of common stock beneficially owned by Guerrilla Partners LP. (28) Address is 4965 Preston Park Blvd., Suite 240, Plano, TX 75093. Barry Kitt has dispositive and voting power over the shares and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the shares of common stock beneficially owned by each of Pinnacle China Fund, L.P. and The Pinnacle Fund, L.P. Mr. Kitt disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares to the extent of his direct or indirect pecuniary interest. (29) Address is 4965 Preston Park Blvd., Suite 240, Plano, TX 75093. Barry Kitt has dispositive and voting power over the shares and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the shares of common stock beneficially owned by each of Pinnacle China Fund, L.P. and The Pinnacle Fund, L.P. Mr. Kitt disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares to the extent of his direct or indirect pecuniary interest. (30) Address is 320 Park Avenue, 10th Floor, New York, NY 10022. Melville Straus has dispositive and voting power over the shares and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the shares of common stock beneficially owned by Straus Partners, LP. (31) Address is 320 Park Avenue, 10th Floor, New York, NY 10022. Melville Straus has dispositive and voting power over the shares and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the shares of common stock beneficially owned by Straus-GEPT Partners, LP. (32) Address is 262 Harbor Drive, 4 th Floor, Stamford CT 06902. Ardsley Advisory Partners has investment and voting power with respect to the shares held by Ardsley Partners Fund II, L.P. (33) Address is 262 Harbor Drive, 4 th Floor, Stamford CT 06902. Ardsley Advisory Partners has investment and voting power with respect to the shares held by Marion Lynton. (34) Address is 262 Harbor Drive, 4 th Floor, Stamford CT 06902. Ardsley Advisory Partners has investment and voting power with respect to the shares held by Ardsley Offshore Fund, Ltd. (35) Address is 262 Harbor Drive, 4 th Floor, Stamford CT 06902. Ardsley Advisory Partners has investment and voting power with respect to the shares held by Ardsley Partners Institutional Fund, L.P. -45- SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth certain information regarding our common stock beneficially owned on May 8, 2008, and as adjusted after giving effect to the sale of the shares being sold in this offering for (i) each shareholder we know to be the beneficial owner of 5% or more of our common stock, (ii) each of our “named executive officers” and directors, and (iii) all executive officers and directors as a group. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. In general, a person is deemed to be a “beneficial owner” of a security if that person has or shares the power to vote or direct the voting of such security, or the power to dispose or to direct the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities of which the person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Unless otherwise indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on the information furnished to us and subject to community and marital property laws, all persons named have sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares, except as otherwise noted. Percentage of ownership is based on 15,543,330 shares of our common stock outstanding as of May 8, 2008. The following table excludes any shares of our common stock which may be issued for the round up of fractional shares and the special treatment to preserve round lot shareholders. Name of Beneficial Owner Number of Shares Beneficially Owned Before Offering Percent of Shares Beneficially Owned Before Offering Number of Shares Beneficially Owned After Offering Percent of Shares Beneficially Owned After Offering Greater than 5% Shareholders Kunio Yamamoto 1 7,654,815 49.2 % 7,654,815 49.2 % Halter Financial Investments, L. P. 2 522,950 3.4 % 0 * % Halter Financial Group, L.P. 3 429,046 2.8 % 0 * % Pinnacle China Fund L.P. 4 1,214,378 7.8 % 0 * % Pinnacle Fund L.P. 4 1,214,378 7.8 % 0 * % Black River Small Capitalization Fund Ltd. 5 1,295,337 8.3 % 0 * % Black River Commodity Select Fund Ltd. 6 971,503 6.3 % 0 * % Ardsley Partners Fund II, LP 7 1,133,419 7.3 % 0 * % Directors and Executive Officers Gao Zhen Tao 1 0 * % 0 * % Han Chengxiang 1 0 * % 0 * % Jiang Yingjun 1 0 * % 0 * % Richard Crimmins 2 0 * % 0 * % Pam Jowett 8 2,380 * % 0 * % All Executive Officers and Directors as a group 0 * % 0 * % * Less than 1% (1) Address is c/o Weifang Yuhe Poultry Co. Ltd., 301 Hailong Street, Hanting District, Weifang, Shandong Province, The People’s Republic of China. -46- (2) Address is 12890 Hilltop Road, Argyle, TX 76226. Halter Financial Investments, L.P. (“HFI”) is a Texas limited partnership of which Halter Financial Investments GP, LLC, a Texas limited liability company, is the sole general partner. The natural persons who are the beneficial owners of a majority of the voting stock of Halter Financial Investments GP, LLC include: (i) TPH Capital, L.P., a Texas limited partnership of which TPH Capital GP, LLC is the general partner and Timothy P. Halter is the sole member of TPH Capital GP, LLC; (ii) Bellfield Capital, L.P., a Texas limited partnership of which Bellfield Capital Management, LLC is the sole general partner and Dave Brigante is the sole member of Bellfield Capital Management, LLC; (iii) Colhurst Capital LP, a Texas limited partnership of which Colhurst Capital GP, LLC is the general partner and George L. Diamond is the sole member of Colhurst Capital GP, LLC; and (iv) Rivergreen Capital LLC of which Marat Rosenberg is the sole member. The other limited partners of HFI are: (i) TPH Capital, L.P., a Texas limited partnership of which TPH Capital GP, LLC is the general partner and Timothy P. Halter is the sole member of TPH Capital GP, LLC; (ii) Bellfield Capital, L.P., a Texas limited partnership of which Bellfield Capital Management, LLC is the sole general partner and Dave Brigante is the sole member of Bellfield Capital Management, LLC; (iii) Colhurst Capital LP, a Texas limited partnership of which Colhurst Capital GP, LLC is the general partner and George L. Diamond is the sole member of Colhurst Capital GP, LLC; and (iv) Rivergreen Capital LLC of which Marat Rosenberg is the sole member. As a result, each of the foregoing persons may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the shares held of record by HFI. (3) Address is 12890 Hilltop Road, Argyle, TX 76226. Halter Financial Group, L.P. (“HFG”) is a Texas limited partnership of which Halter Financial Group GP, LLC, a Texas limited liability company, is the sole general partner. The members of Halter Financial Group GP, LLC include: (i) TPH Capital, L.P., a Texas limited partnership of which TPH Capital GP, LLC is the general partner and Timothy P. Halter is the sole member of TPH Capital GP, LLC; (ii) Bellfield Capital, L.P., a Texas limited partnership of which Bellfield Capital Management, LLC is the sole general partner and Dave Brigante is the sole member of Bellfield Capital Management, LLC; (iii) Colhurst Capital LP, a Texas limited partnership of which Colhurst Capital GP, LLC is the general partner and George L. Diamond is the sole member of Colhurst Capital GP, LLC; and (iv) Rivergreen Capital LLC of which Marat Rosenberg is the sole member. As a result, each of the foregoing individuals may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the shares held of record by Halter Financial Group GP, LLC. Similarly, the limited partners of HFG are: (i) TPH Capital, L.P., a Texas limited partnership of which TPH Capital GP, LLC is the general partner and Timothy P. Halter is the sole member of TPH Capital GP, LLC; (ii) Bellfield Capital, L.P., a Texas limited partnership of which Bellfield Capital Management, LLC is the sole general partner and Dave Brigante is the sole member of Bellfield Capital Management, LLC; (iii) Colhurst Capital LP, a Texas limited partnership of which Colhurst Capital GP, LLC is the general partner and George L. Diamond is the sole member of Colhurst Capital GP, LLC; and (iv) Rivergreen Capital LLC of which Marat Rosenberg is the sole member. As a result, each of the foregoing per sons may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the shares held of record by HFG. (4) Address is 4965 Preston Park Blvd., Suite 240, Plano, TX 75093. Barry Kitt has dispositive and voting power over the shares and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the shares of common stock beneficially owned by each of Pinnacle China Fund, L.P. and The Pinnacle Fund, L.P. Mr. Kitt disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares to the extent of his direct or indirect pecuniary interest. (5) Address is 12700 Whitewater Drive, Minnetonka, MN 55343-9438. Pursuant to an investment advisory agreement, Black River Asset Management LLC has investment and voting power with respect to the securities held by the Black River Small Capitalization Fund Ltd. (6) Address is 12700 Whitewater Drive, Minnetonka, MN 55343-9438. Pursuant to an investment advisory agreement, Black River Asset Management LLC has investment and voting power with respect to the securities held by the Black River Commodity Select Fund Ltd. (7) Address is 262 Harbor Drive, 4 th Floor, Stamford CT 06902. Ardsley Advisory Partners has investment and voting power with respect to the 178,571 shares held by Marion Lynton, 7,038,690 shares held by Ardsley Partners Fund II, L.P., 4,910,714 shares held by Ardsley Offshore Fund, Ltd. and 4,538,690 shares held by Ardsley Partners Institutional Fund, L.P. (8) Address is 311 State Street, Suite 460, Salt Lake City, UT 84111. -47- DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK As of May 8, 2008, our authorized capital stock consisted of 500 million shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share. As of May 8, 2008, an aggregate of 15,543,330 shares of common stock were outstanding. There are outstanding warrants to acquire 476,014 shares of common stock, exercisable at any time after 6 months from March 12, 2008. There are no shares of preferred stock outstanding. A description of the material terms and provisions of our articles of incorporation and bylaws affecting the rights of holders of our capital stock is set forth below. The description is intended as a summary, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the form of articles of incorporation and the form of our bylaws that are filed with this prospectus. Common Stock Subject to preferences that may apply to shares of preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of outstanding shares of common stock are entitled to receive dividends out of assets legally available therefore at times and in amounts as our board of directors may determine. Each shareholder is entitled to one vote for each share of common stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders. Cumulative voting is not provided for in our amended articles of incorporation, which means that the majority of the shares voted can elect all of the directors then standing for election. The common stock is not entitled to preemptive rights and is not subject to conversion or redemption. Upon the occurrence of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the holders of shares of common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities and satisfaction of preferential rights of any outstanding preferred stock. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. The outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. Registration Rights of Private Placement Investors Concurrently with the execution of the Securities Purchase Agreement, we and the investors entered into a Registration Rights Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.1. The following summary description relating to the registration rights does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety to the related agreements referenced below. With respect to the 99,999,992 shares (equivalent to 6,800,518 post-split shares) purchased by the investors at closing on March 12, 2008, we are required to file a resale registration statement on Form S-1 or any other appropriate form (i) within 60 days following the closing for purposes of registering the resale of these shares, (ii) within 15 days with respect to any additional registration statement, (iii) within 15 days with respect to any additional registration statements required to be filed due to SEC restrictions, (iv) within 30 days following the date on which we become eligible to utilize Form S-3 to register the resale of common stock, or (v) within 45 days following the date the 2008 make good shares or 2009 make good shares (the “Make Good Shares”) as defined in “Description of Business-Securities Purchase Agreement”, are delivered by Mr. Yamamoto to the investors. Among other things, we will be required to pay the investors liquidated damages if we fail to file a registration statement by the above filing deadlines or if we do not promptly respond to comments received from the SEC. The liquidated damages accrue at a rate of 0.5% per month of the aggregate investment proceeds received from the investors, capped at 5% of the total investment proceeds. The Make Good Shares, when and if released from the escrow account to the investors, will also have registration rights. With respect to the Make Good Shares, we agreed to file a registration statement within 45 days following the respective delivery date of the Make Good Shares and make the registration statement effective no later than the 120th day, or the 150th day in the case that the SEC reviews and has written comments to such file registration statement that would require the filing of a pre-effective amendment thereto with the SEC, following the delivery date or the fifth trading day following the date on which we are notified by the SEC that the registration statement will not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and comments, whichever date is earlier. We are required to keep the registration statement(s) effective during the entire effectiveness period of the registration rights, which commences on the effective date of the registration statement and ends on the earliest to occur of (a) the second anniversary of the date the registration statement becomes effective, (b) such time as all the shares covered by such registration statement have been publicly sold by the holders of such shares, or (c) such time as all of the shares covered by the registration statement may be sold by holders without volume restrictions pursuant to Rule 144. -48- In addition, the investors have piggy-back registration rights, pursuant to which, if at any time during the effectiveness period of the registration rights there is not an effective registration statement covering all the securities with registration rights and we determine to prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement relating to an offering for its own account or the account of others of any of its equity securities, other than on Form S-4 or S-8 or their equivalents relating to equity securities to be issued solely in connection with any acquisition of any equity issuable in connection with stock options or other employee benefit plans, then we should include the shares of the investors into the registration statement if the investors so request. See “Description of Business – History and Background – Equity Investment by Certain Investors.” Registration Rights of Roth Capital/ WLT Brothers On March 12, 2008, as part of the compensation to our placement agents, Roth Capital Partners, LLC, and WLT Brothers Capital, Inc. in connection with their services under the Securities Purchase Agreement, we issued to Roth Capital Partners, LLC and WLT Brothers Capital, Inc. warrants to acquire an aggregate of 476,014 shares of common stock, exercisable at any time after date 6 months after March 12, 2008. The shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the warrants have registration rights. Registration Rights of Halter Financial Pursuant to the Common Stock Purchase Agreement dated November 6, 2007 by and between us and Halter Financial Investments, L. P., upon the demand of Halter Financial Investments, L.P. and/or Halter Financial Group, L.P., we are required to file a registration statement on Form S-3 (or such other form if Form S-3 is unavailable) within 10 days covering the resale of the aggregate of 14,000,000 shares (equivalent to 951,996 post-split shares) of our common stock. In addition, Halter Financial has a piggy-back registration right pursuant to which, if we decide to register any of its common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock under the Securities Act on a form which is suitable for an offering for cash or shares of us held by third parties and which is not a registration solely to implement an employee benefit plan, a registration statement on Form S-4 or a transaction to which Rule 145 or any other similar rule of the SEC is applicable, we will include the shares of Halter Financial into the registration statement if Halter Financial so requests. Registration Rights of Other Shareholders Pursuant to the Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated November 6, 2007 as referenced above, certain other former officers, directors and holders of our shares of common stock have the rights to register up to 1,750,000 shares (equivalent to 119,001 post-split shares) of our common stock. Registration Expenses All fees and expenses incident to the registrations will be borne by us whether or not any securities are sold pursuant to a registration statement. Anti-Takeover Provisions Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws contain certain provisions that are intended to enhance the likelihood of continuity and stability in the composition of our board and in the policies formulated by our board and to discourage certain types of transactions which may involve an actual or threatened change of our control. Our board is authorized to adopt, alter, amend and repeal our Bylaws or to adopt new Bylaws. In addition, our board has the authority, without further action by our stockholders, to issue up to 10 million shares of our preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions thereof. The issuance of our preferred stock or additional shares of common stock could adversely affect the voting power of the holders of common stock and could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in our control. NASDAQ Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board Our common stock is traded in the over-the-counter market and prices are quoted on The NASDAQ Stock Market’s Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board under the symbol “YUII.OB.” -49- Transfer Agent and Registrar The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Interwest Transfer Company, Inc. Their phone number is 801.272.9294. SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE As of May 8, 2008, we had outstanding 15,543,330 shares of common stock. Shares Covered by this Prospectus All of the 7,871,515 shares of Common Stock being registered in this offering may be sold without restriction under the Securities Act. Rule 144 In general, under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act as currently in effect, a person, or group of persons whose shares are required to be aggregated, who has beneficially owned shares that are restricted securities as defined in Rule 144 for at least six months is entitled to sell, within any three-month period, a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of: • 1% of the number of shares of common stock then outstanding, which as of May 8, 2008, would equal 155,433 shares; or • the average weekly trading volume of our common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to such sale. However, since our shares are quoted on the NASD’s Electronic Bulletin Board, which is not an “automated quotation system,” our stockholders cannot rely on the market-based volume limitation described in the second bullet above. If in the future our securities are listed on an exchange or quoted on NASDAQ, then our stockholders would be able to rely on the market-based volume limitation. Unless and until our stock is so listed or quoted, our stockholders can only rely on the percentage based volume limitation described in the first bullet above. Sales under Rule 144 are also subject to manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. In addition, a person who is not deemed to have been an affiliate at any time during the three months preceding a sale and who has beneficially owned the shares proposed to be sold for at least two years would be entitled to sell these shares under Rule 144(k) without regard to the requirements described above. To the extent that shares were acquired from one of our affiliates, a person’s holding period for the purpose of effecting a sale under Rule 144 would commence on the date of transfer from the affiliate. We believe that 13,342 of our outstanding shares may currently be sold in reliance on Rule 144(k). -50- PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION The Selling Security Holders and any of their pledgees, donees, transferees, assignees and successors-in-interest may, from time to time, sell any or all of their shares of our common stock on any stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the shares are traded or quoted or in private transactions. These sales may be at fixed or negotiated prices. The Selling Security Holders may use any one or more of the following methods when selling shares: · ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits Investors; · block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the shares as agent but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction; · purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account; · an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange; · privately negotiated transactions; · to cover short sales made after the date that this prospectus is declared effective by the Commission; · broker-dealers may agree with the Selling Security Holders to sell a specified number of such shares at a stipulated price per share; · a combination of any such methods of sale; and · any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law. The Selling Security Holders may also sell shares under Rule 144 under the Securities Act, if available, rather than under this prospectus. Broker-dealers engaged by the Selling Security Holders may arrange for other brokers-dealers to participate in sales. Broker-dealers may receive commissions or discounts from the Selling Security Holders (or, if any broker-dealer acts as agent for the purchaser of shares, from the purchaser) in amounts to be negotiated. The Selling Security Holders do not expect these commissions and discounts to exceed what is customary in the types of transactions involved. The Selling Security Holders may from time to time pledge or grant a security interest in some or all of the shares owned by them and, if they default in the performance of their secured obligations, the pledgees or secured parties may offer and sell shares of our common stock from time to time under this prospectus, or under an amendment to this prospectus under Rule 424(b)(3) or other applicable provision of the Securities Act of 1933 amending the list of selling security holders to include the pledgee, transferee or other successors in interest as selling security holders under this prospectus. Upon our being notified in writing by a Selling Security Holder that any material arrangement has been entered into with a broker-dealer for the sale of our common stock through a block trade, special offering, exchange distribution or secondary distribution or a purchase by a broker or dealer, a supplement to this prospectus will be filed, if required, pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, disclosing (i) the name of each such Selling Security Holder and of the participating broker-dealer(s), (ii) the number of shares involved, (iii) the price at which such the shares of our common stock were sold, (iv)the commissions paid or discounts or concessions allowed to such broker-dealer(s), where applicable, (v) that such broker-dealer(s) did not conduct any investigation to verify the information set out or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, and (vi) other facts material to the transaction. In addition, upon our being notified in writing by a Selling Security Holder that a donee or pledgee intends to sell more than 500 shares of our common stock, a supplement to this prospectus will be filed if then required in accordance with applicable securities law. The Selling Security Holders also may transfer the shares of our common stock in other circumstances, in which case the transferees, pledgees or other successors in interest will be the selling beneficial owners for purposes of this prospectus. -51- The Selling Security Holders and any broker-dealers or agents that are involved in selling the shares may be deemed to be "underwriters" within the meaning of the Securities Act in connection with such sales. In such event, any commissions received by such broker-dealers or agents and any profit on the resale of the shares purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts under the Securities Act. Discounts, concessions, commissions and similar selling expenses, if any, that can be attributed to the sale of Securities will be paid by the Selling Security Holder and/or the purchasers. Each Selling Security Holder has represented and warranted to us that it acquired the securities subject to this prospectus in the ordinary course of such Selling Security Holder’s business and, at the time of its purchase of such securities such Selling Security Holder had no agreements or understandings, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute any such securities. We have advised each Selling Security Holder that it may not use shares registered on this prospectus to cover short sales of our common stock made prior to the date on which this prospectus shall have been declared effective by the Commission. If a Selling Security Holder uses this prospectus for any sale of our common stock, it will be subject to the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act. The Selling Security Holders will be responsible to comply with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act and Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations thereunder promulgated, including, without limitation, Regulation M, as applicable to such Selling Security Holders in connection with resales of their respective shares under this prospectus. We are required to pay all fees and expenses incident to the registration of the shares, but we will not receive any proceeds from the sale of our common stock. We have agreed to indemnify the Selling Security Holders against certain losses, claims, damages and liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. LEGAL MATTERS The validity of the common stock being offered by this prospectus will be passed upon for us by Thomas G. Kimble & Associates, P.C., of Salt Lake City, Utah, which has acted as our counsel in connection with this offering. EXPERTS The consolidated financial statements of Weifang Yuhe Poultry Co. Ltd. and Weifang Taihong Feed Co. Ltd. as of December 31, 2007, and for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006 have been included in this prospectus in reliance upon the report of Child, Van Wagoner & Bradshaw, PLLC, and upon the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing. WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION We file reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of common stock offered in this prospectus. This prospectus, which forms a part of the registration statement, does not contain all of the information included in the registration statement. Certain information is omitted and you should refer to the registration statement and its exhibits for that information. With respect to references made in this prospectus to any contract or other document of Yuhe, such references are not necessarily complete and, if such contract or document is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement, you should refer to the applicable exhibit attached to the registration statement for a copy of the actual contract or document. You may review a copy of the registration statement, including exhibits and any schedule filed therewith, and obtain copies of such materials at prescribed rates, at the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Public Reference Room in Room 1580, 100 F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549-0102. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the Securities and Exchange Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330. The Securities and Exchange Commission maintains a website (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding registrants, such as Yuhe, that file electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our Internet address is http://www.yuhepoultry.com. The information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference in this prospectus and should not be considered a part of the prospectus. -52- WEIFANG YUHE POULTRY CO., LTD CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2007 AND 2006 (Stated in US dollars) WEIFANG YUHE POULTRY CO., LTD CONTENTS PAGES REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM F-2 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS F-3 to F-4 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) F-5 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY F-6 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS F-7 to F-8 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-9 to F-23 F-1 F-2 WEIFANG YUHE POULTRY CO., LTD CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS DECEMBER 31, 2007 AND 2006 (Stated in US Dollars) Note 2007 2006 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 47,455 $ 563,062 Accounts receivable, net 1,586 - Prepaid expenses 63,419 - Inventories 3 3,946,538 3,362,941 Advances to suppliers 1,137,767 471,791 Total current assets $ 5,196,765 $ 4,397,794 Prepaid deposits 665,885 143,106 Other receivables, net 4 2,714,589 1,952,118 Unlisted investments 5 274,812 1,207,099 Plant and equipment, net 7 15,135,284 13,035,768 Intangible assets, net 8 2,501,744 2,365,384 Due from related companies 9 5,790,486 4,127,520 Due from directors 10 228,933 - Deferred expenses 551,795 463,922 TOTAL ASSETS $ 33,060,293 $ 27,692,711 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable $ 5,471,271 $ 7,352,688 Current portion of long-term liabilities 14 4,306,750 5,219,060 Loans payable 11 3,268,087 4,882,907 Payroll and payroll related liabilities 835,372 424,317 Accrued expenses 361,926 96,938 Advances from customers 190,808 5,544 Tax payables 132,536 115,580 Due to related companies 12 1,000,000 2,567,739 Total current liabilities $ 15,566,750 $ 20,664,773 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements F-3 WEIFANG YUHE POULTRY CO., LTD CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2007 AND 2006 (Stated in US Dollars) Note 2007 2006 Long-term liabilities 14 $ 6,056,794 $ 4,603,032 TOTAL LIABILITIES $ 21,623,544 $ 25,267,805 Commitments and contingencies $ - $ - Minority interests $ 201,752 $ 263,144 STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Registered capital 13 $ 482,713 $ 482,713 Additional paid in capital 7,009,523 4,403,806 Retained earnings (deficit) 2,990,742 (2,957,922 ) Accumulated other comprehensive income 752,019 233,165 $ 11,234,997 $ 2,161,762 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY $ 33,060,293 $ 27,692,711 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements F-4 WEIFANG YUHE POULTRY CO., LTD CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2007 AND 2006 (Stated in US Dollars) Note 2007 2006 Net revenues $ 22,075,224 $ 14,595,716 Cost of revenues (13,502,545 ) (15,483,641 ) Gross profit (loss) $ 8,572,679 $ (887,925 ) Operating expenses: Selling (312,927 ) (430,122 ) General and administrative (1,341,987 ) (1,279,238 ) Operating income (loss) $ 6,917,765 $ (2,597,285 ) Other income (expenses): Interest income 796 9,553 Interest expenses (924,845 ) (971,785 ) Investment losses (101,264 ) (152,521 ) Profit (loss) on disposal of fixed assets (5,180 ) 172,314 Income (loss) before income taxes $ 5,887,272 $ (3,539,724 ) Income taxes 15 - - Net income (loss) before minority interests $ 5,887,272 $ (3,539,724 ) Minority interests (earnings) loss 61,392 (68,387 ) Net income (loss) $ 5,948,664 $ (3,608,111 ) Other comprehensive income: Foreign currency translation adjustment 518,854 67,066 Comprehensive income (loss) $ 6,467,518 $ (3,541,045 ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements F-5 WEIFANG YUHE POULTRY CO., LTD CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2007 AND 2006 (Stated in US Dollars) Accumulated Additional Retained other Registered paid-in earnings comprehensive capital capital (deficits) income Total Balance, January 1, 2006 $ 482,713 $ - $ 650,189 $ 166,099 $ 1,299,001 Net loss - - (3,608,111 ) - (3,608,111 ) Injection of additional capital from shareholders - 4,403,806 - - 4,403,806 Foreign currency translation adjustment - - - 67,066 67,066 Balance, December 31, 2006 $ 482,713 $ 4,403,806 $ (2,957,922 ) $ 233,165 $ 2,161,762 Balance, January 1, 2007 $ 482,713 $ 4,403,806 $ (2,957,922 ) $ 233,165 $ 2,161,762 Net profit - - 5,948,664 - 5,948,664 Injection of additional capital from shareholders - 2,605,717 - - 2,605,717 Foreign currency translation adjustment - - - 518,854 518,854 Balance, December 31, 2007 $ 482,713 $ 7,009,523 $ 2,990,742 $ 752,019 $ 11,234,997 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements F-6 WEIFANG YUHE POULTRY CO., LTD CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2007 AND 2006 (Stated in US Dollars) 2007 2006 Cash flows from operating activities Net income (loss) $ 5,948,664 $ (3,608,111 ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation 1,454,616 1,441,868 Amortization 25,388 59,202 Minority interests (61,392 ) 68,387 Allowances for bad debt 231,569 151,772 Loss (gain) on disposal of fixed assets 5,180 (172,314 ) Write off of inventories - 1,369,460 Loss on investments 101,264 152,521 Changes in assets and liabilities Accounts receivable (1,504 ) 1,433 Advances to suppliers (608,297 ) (316,980 ) Prepaid expenses (60,895 ) - Prepaid deposits - 147,031 Inventories (338,126 ) (10,507 ) Deferred expenses (53,718 ) 277,187 Accounts payable (2,292,471 ) 2,985,356 Payroll and payroll related liabilities 366,659 283,781 Accrued expenses 248,038 (108,509 ) Advances from customers 177,526 5,064 Tax payables 8,642 111,154 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 5,151,143 $ 2,837,795 Cash flows from investing activities Purchase of fixed assets $ (1,881,815 ) $ (205,335 ) Sale of plant and equipment - 1,493,381 Prepayment in equipment deposits (492,519 ) - Sale of equity investments 873,700 - Advances to loans receivables (2,192,163 ) (367,407 ) Proceeds for sales of henhouses 1,357,454 - Advances to directors (219,824 ) - Advances to related parties receivables (1,323,918 ) (1,496,339 ) Net cash (used in) investing activities $ (3,879,085 ) $ (575,700 ) F-7 WEIFANG YUHE POULTRY CO., LTD CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2007 AND 2006 (Stated in US Dollars) 2007 2006 Cash flows from financing activities Repayments to loans payable $ - $ (1,139,553 ) Repayments to other long-term loans (129,208 ) - Proceeds from loans payables - 5,024,446 Repayment of due to related parties (1,675,151 ) (6,038,217 ) Net cash (used in) financing activities $ (1,804,359 ) $ (2,153,324 ) Effect of foreign currency translation on cash and cash equivalents 16,694 16,614 (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents (515,607 ) 125,385 Cash and cash equivalents – beginning of year 563,062 437,677 Cash and cash equivalents – end of year $ 47,455 $ 563,062 Supplementary cash flow information: Interest paid in cash $ 710,347 $ 716,310 Non-cash investing and financing activities: 1. During 2006, the Company sold its henhouse with unpaid receivable of $1,688,519 as of December 31, 2006. 2. During 2007 and 2006, fixed asset additions financed with loans payable of $733,149 and $1,109,104, respectively. 3. During 2007 and 2006, additional paid-in capital of $2,605,717 and $4,403,806 was recorded when shareholder assumed the company's debt. See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements F-8 WEIFANG YUHE POULTRY CO., LTD NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Stated in US Dollars) 1. ORGANIZATION AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES Weifang Yuhe Poultry Co., Ltd (the Company) was established in Weifang, Shandong of the People’s Republic of China (the PRC) as a limited company on March 8, 1996. The Company currently operates through itself and one subsidiary located in Mainland China: Weifang Taihong Feed Co., Ltd. (Taihong). Taihong was established in Weifang, Shandong of the People’s Republic of China (the PRC) as a limited company on May 26, 2003. Pursuant to a group reorganization on September 14, 2007, the Company became the holding company of Taihong. The Company and its subsidiary (hereinafter, collectively referred to as “the Group”) are engaged in the business of chick and feed production. 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (a) Method of Accounting The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The Company's functional currency is the Chinese Renminbi; however the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been translated and presented in United States Dollars ($). (b) Principles of consolidation The consolidated financial statements are presented in US Dollars and include the accounts of the Company and its 56.25% subsidiary, Taihong. All significant inter-company balances and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. The Company acquired its subsidiary on September 14, 2007 through a reorganization between entities under common control. Accordingly, the transaction was accounted for similar to a pooling of interests in accordance with SFAS 141 Appendix D and is presented as if it had occurred at the beginning of the first period presented. The following table depicts the identity of the subsidiary: Name of Company Place & date of Incorporation Attributable Equity Interest % Registered Capital Weifang Taihong Feed Co., Ltd. PRC/ May 26 2003 56.25 $ 965,379 (RMB8,000,000 ) (c) Use of estimates The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Management makes these estimates using the best information available at the time the estimates are made; however actual results could differ materially from those estimates. F-9 WEIFANG YUHE POULTRY CO., LTD NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Stated in US Dollars) 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES ( Continued) (d) Economic and political risks The Company’s operations are conducted in the PRC. Accordingly, the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations may be influenced by the political, economic and legal environment in the PRC, and by the general state of the PRC economy. The Company’s operations in the PRC are subject to special considerations and significant risks not typically associated with companies in North America and Western Europe. These include risks associated with, among others, the political, economic and legal environment and foreign currency exchange. The Company’s results may be adversely affected by changes in the political and social conditions in the PRC, and by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations, anti-inflationary measures, currency conversion, remittances abroad, and rates and methods of taxation, among other things. (e) Plant and equipment Plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. Estimated useful lives of the plant and equipment are as follows: Buildings 20 years Machinery 10 years Vehicle 5 years Furniture and equipment 3 years The cost and related accumulated depreciation of assets sold or otherwise retired are eliminated from the accounts and any gain or loss is included in the statement of income. The cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to income as incurred, whereas significant renewals and betterments are capitalized. (f) Intangible assets Intangible assets represent land use rights in the PRC. Land use rights are carried at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis over the period of rights of 50 years commencing from the date of acquisition of equitable interest. According to the laws of PRC, the government owns all of the land in the PRC. Companies or individual are authorized to possess and use the land only through land usage rights approved by the PRC government. F-10 WEIFANG YUHE POULTRY CO., LTD NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Stated in US Dollars) 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES ( Continued) (g) Accounting for the impairment of long-lived assets The long-lived assets held and used by the Company are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable. It is reasonably possible that these assets could become impaired as a result of technology or other industry changes. Determination of recoverability of assets to be held and used is done by comparing the carrying amount of an asset to future net undiscounted cash flows to be generated by the assets. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. During the reporting periods, there was no impairment loss. (h) Inventories Inventories consisting of raw materials, work in progress and finished goods are stated at lower of cost or net realizable value. The cost of inventories is determined using weighted average cost method, and includes expenditure incurred in acquiring the inventories and bringing them to their existing location and condition. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less any applicable selling expenses. Finished goods are comprised of direct materials, direct labor and an appropriate proportion of overhead. At each balance sheet date, inventories that are worth less than cost are written down to their net realizable value, and the difference is charged to the cost of revenues of that period. (i) Trade receivables Trade receivables are recognized and carried at the original invoice amount less allowance for any uncollectible amounts. An estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. Bad debts are written off as incurred. (j) Cash and cash equivalents The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains bank accounts only in the PRC. The Company does not maintain any bank accounts in the United States of America. Cash deposits in PRC banks are not insured by any government agency or entity. (k) Revenue recognition Net revenue is recognized when the customer takes delivery and acceptance of products, the price is fixed or determinable as stated in the sales contract, and the collectibility is reasonably assured. Customers do not have a general right of return on products delivered. F-11 WEIFANG YUHE POULTRY CO., LTD NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Stated in US Dollars) 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES ( Continued) (l) Cost of revenues Cost of revenues consists primarily of material costs, employee compensation, depreciation and related expenses, which are directly attributable to the production of products. Write-down of inventory to lower of cost or market is also recorded in cost of revenues. (m) Advertising The Group expensed all advertising costs as incurred. Advertising expenses for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 were $1,776 and $23,266 respectively. (n) Retirement benefit plans The employees of the Group are members of a state-managed retirement benefit plan operated by the government of the PRC. The Group is required to contribute a specified percentage of payroll costs to the retirement benefit scheme to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement benefit plan is to make the specified contributions. Retirement benefits in the form of contributions under defined contribution retirement plans to the relevant authorities are charged to the statements of income as incurred. The retirement benefit expenses for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 were $237,128 and $153,580 respectively. (o) Income tax The Company accounts for income taxes using an asset and liability approach and allows for recognition of deferred tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach, deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits, or that future realization is uncertain. The Company is operating in the PRC, and in accordance with the relevant tax laws and regulations of PRC, the corporation income tax rate is 33%. However, the Company is a poultry company, and in accordance with the relevant regulations regarding the favorable tax treatment for an outstanding poultry company, the Company is entitled to a tax free treatment until December 31, 2007. The corporate income tax for the subsidiary, Weifang Taihong Feed Co., Ltd is 33%. F-12 WEIFANG YUHE POULTRY CO., LTD NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Stated in US Dollars) 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES ( Continued) (p) Shipping and handling fees Shipping and handling fees are expensed when incurred. Shipping and handling charges included in the selling expenses for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 were $12,217 and $25,913 respectively. (q) Minority interests Minority interests refer to the 43.75% investment by third parties in the equity of Taihong and is not held by the Company. (r) Foreign currency translation The accompanying financial statements are presented in United States dollars. The functional currency of the Company is the Renminbi (RMB). The financial statements are translated into United States dollars from RMB at year-end exchange rates as to assets and liabilities and average exchange rates as to revenues and expenses. Capital accounts are translated at their historical exchange rates when the capital transactions occurred. December 31, 2007 Balance sheet RMB 7.31410 to US$1.00 Statement of income and comprehensive income RMB 7.61720 to US$1.00 December 31, 2006 Balance sheet RMB 7.81750 to US$1.00 Statement of income and comprehensive income RMB 7.98189 to US$1.00 The RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currency and all foreign exchange transactions must take place through authorized institutions. No representation is made that the RMB amounts could have been, or could be, converted into US$ at the rates used in translation. (s) Comprehensive income Comprehensive income is defined to include all changes in equity except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Among other disclosures, all items that are required to be recognized under current accounting standards as components of comprehensive income are required to be reported in a financial statement that is presented with the same prominence as other financial statements. The Company’s current component of comprehensive income is the foreign currency translation adjustment. (t) Fair value of financial instruments SFAS No. 107, “Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments” (“SFAS 107”) requires entities to disclose the fair values of financial instruments except when it is not practicable to do so. Under SFAS No. 107, it is not practicable to make this disclosure when the costs of formulating the estimated values exceed the benefit when considering how meaningful the information would be to financial statement users. F-13 WEIFANG YUHE POULTRY CO., LTD NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Stated in US Dollars) 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES ( Continued) The fair values of all assets and liabilities do not differ materially from their carrying amounts. None of the financial instruments held are derivative financial instruments and none were acquired or held for trading purposes during the years ended December 31, 2007 or 2006. (u) Recent accounting pronouncements In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141R, “Business Combinations” (“SFAS No. 141R”). SFAS No. 141R amends SFAS 141 and provides revised guidance for recognizing and measuring identifiable assets and goodwill acquired, liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree. It also provides disclosure requirements to enable users of the financial statements to evaluate the nature and financial effects of the business combination. It is effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 15, 2008 and will be applied prospectively. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting SFAS No. 141R on our consolidated financial statements. In December 2007, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued SFAS No. 160, “Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements — an amendment of ARB No. 51” (“SFAS No. 160”). SFAS No. 160 requires that ownership interests in subsidiaries held by parties other than the parent, and the amount of consolidated net income, be clearly identified, labeled, and presented in the consolidated financial statements. It also requires once a subsidiary is deconsolidated, any retained noncontrolling equity investment in the former subsidiary be initially measured at fair value. Sufficient disclosures are required to clearly identify and distinguish between the interests of the parent and the interests of the noncontrolling owners. It is effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 15, 2008 and requires retroactive adoption of the presentation and disclosure requirements for existing minority interests. All other requirements shall be applied prospectively. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting SFAS No. 160 on our consolidated financial statements. In February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 159, “The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities – an amendment of FASB Statement No. 115”. This statement permits entities to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value. The objective is to improve financial reporting by providing entities with the opportunity to mitigate volatility in reported earnings caused by measuring related assets and liabilities differently without having to apply complex hedge accounting provisions. This Statement is expected to expand the use of fair value measurement, which is consistent with the Board’s long-term measurement objectives for accounting for financial instruments. We expect the Statement will have no material impact on our consolidated financial statements. F-14 WEIFANG YUHE POULTRY CO., LTD NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Stated in US Dollars) 3. INVENTORIES Inventories consist of the following: 2007 2006 Raw materials $ 235,278 $ 19,131 Work in progress 1,787,960 3,060,157 Finished goods 1,923,300 283,653 $ 3,946,538 $ 3,362,941 4. OTHER RECEIVABLES, NET Other receivables, net consist of the following: 2007 2006 Loan receivables $ 2,816,516 $ 495,682 Henhouses sales (note 6) 350,009 1,688,519 Others 37,305 - $ 3,203,830 $ 2,184,201 Less: Allowances (489,241 ) (232,083 ) $ 2,714,589 $ 1,952,118 Other receivables are unsecured, interest free and have no fixed repayment date. Allowance is made when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. Management reviews and adjusts this allowance periodically based on historical experience, current economic climate as well as its evaluation of the collectibility of outstanding accounts. The Group evaluates the credit risks of its customers utilizing historical data and estimates of future performance. F-15 WEIFANG YUHE POULTRY CO., LTD NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Stated in US Dollars) 5. UNLISTED INVESTMENTS Unlisted investments at December 31, 2007 are the 3% investments in Hanting Rural Credit Cooperative (“Hanting”). It is stated at cost because the Group does not have significant influence or control over this investment. The management of the Company has reviewed the investment in Hanting for any impairment and determined there is no indication that the carrying amount of Hanting may not be recoverable. Unlisted investments at December 31, 2006 are investments in Weifang Jiaweike Food Co., Ltd (“Jiaweike”) and Hanting. Investment in Jiaweike was recorded using the equity method of accounting. The consolidated statement of income includes the Group's share of the post-acquisition results of Jiaweike for the year. In the consolidated balance sheet, unlisted investments related to Jiaweike are stated at the Group's share of the net assets of Jiaweike plus the premium paid less any discount on acquisition in so far as it has not already been amortized to the statement of income, less any identified impairment loss. Portion of nominal Name of Place Form of value of associate of business registered Principal company registration structure capital activities Weifang Jiaweike Food Co., Ltd. PRC Limited company 48.54 Processing of foodstuff The remaining 51.46% of Jiaweike was hold by Shandong Yuhe Food Co., Ltd from which Mr. Gao Zhentao, the director of the company is also the director Reconciliation on the unlisted investments is as follows: Balance, January 1, 2006 $ 1,319,631 Equity share of investment losses (152,521 ) Effect of foreign currency translation 39,989 Balance, December 31, 2006 $ 1,207,099 Equity share of investment losses (101,264 ) Disposal of Jiaweike (848,719 ) Effect of foreign currency translation 17,696 Balance, December 31, 2007 $ 274,812 During 2007, Jiaweike was disposed of to Weifang Hexing Breeding Co., Ltd, a related company where Mr. Gao Zhentao, the director of the Company is also the director. No gain or loss was recognized on disposal as the consideration was at the carrying value of the equity investment. F-16 WEIFANG YUHE POULTRY CO., LTD NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Stated in US Dollars) 6. DISPOSAL OF HENHOUSES During the year 2006, the Group disposed of three henhouses for business operational reason with a sales price of the following: Buildings $ 1,976,178 Land use rights 902,042 Others 269,740 $ 3,147,960 Amount received 1,459,441 Receivables – sales of fixed assets $ 1,688,519 (note 4 ) 7. PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET Plant and equipment consists of the following: 2007 2006 At cost Buildings $ 10,092,337 $ 9,215,455 Machinery 5,641,344 5,452,976 Motor vehicles 424,679 411,660 Furniture and equipment 374,713 346,625 $ 16,533,073 $ 15,426,716 Less: accumulated depreciation (5,702,882 ) (3,919,713 ) Construction in progress 4,305,093 1,528,765 $ 15,135,284 $ 13,035,768 Depreciation expenses included in the cost of sales for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 were, $1,207,093 and $1,158,565 respectively, and included in the general and administrative expenses for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 were, $ 247,523 and $283,303 respectively. As of December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, buildings and machinery of the Group were pledged as collateral under certain loan arrangements. Interest capitalized for the construction in progress for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 amounted to $99,900 and $69,960 respectively. F-17 WEIFANG YUHE POULTRY CO., LTD NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Stated in US Dollars) 8. INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET Intangible assets consist of the following: 2007 2006 Land use rights, at cost $ 2,748,026 $ 2,571,070 Less: accumulated amortization (246,282 ) (205,686 ) $ 2,501,744 $ 2,365,384 As of December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006, land use rights of the Group were pledged as collateral under certain loan arrangements. Amortization expenses included in the cost of revenues for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 were, $25,388 and $59,202 respectively. 9. DUE FROM RELATED COMPANIES 2007 2006 Hexing Green Agriculture Co., Ltd – Mr. Gao Zhentao, the director of the company is also the director $ 70,990 $ 66,419 Shandong Yuhe Food Co., Ltd – Mr. Gao Zhentao, the director of the company is also the director 5,617,363 4,015,833 Shangdong Yuhe New Agriculture Academy of Sciences – Mr. Gao Zhentao, the director of the company is also the director 48,384 45,268 Weifang Hexing Breeding Co., Ltd – Mr. Gao Zhentao, the director of the company is also the director 53,723 - Weifang Jiaweike Food Co., Ltd – Mr. Gao Zhentao, the director of the company is also the director 26 - $ 5,790,486 $ 4,127,520 The amounts due from related companies are unsecured, interest free and have no fixed repayment date F-18 WEIFANG YUHE POULTRY CO., LTD NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Stated in US Dollars) 10. DUE FROM DIRECTORS Details of due from directors are as follows: 2007 2006 Mr. Tan Yi $ 78,092 $ - Mr. Gao Zhenbo 76,716 - Mr. Gao Zhentao 74,125 - $ 228,933 $ - The amounts due from directors are unsecured, interest free and have no fixed repayment date. 11. LOANS PAYABLE Loans payable are loans from unrelated companies for temporary operation purposes. They are unsecured, interest free and have no fixed repayment date. 12. DUE TO RELATED COMPANIES 2007 2006 Weifang Hexing Breeding Co., Ltd – Mr. Gao Zhentao, the director of the company is also the director $ - $ 1,879,785 Bright Stand International Limited - Mr. Gao Zhentao, the director of the company is also the director 1,000,000 - Weifang Jiaweike Food Co., Ltd – Mr. Gao Zhentao, the director of the company is also the director - 687,954 $ 1,000,000 $ 2,567,739 The amounts due to related companies are unsecured, interest free and have no fixed repayment date. These loans are used for working capital purposes. Bright Stand is the legal and accounting acquirer of the Group. Bright Stand becomes our 100% shareholder after January 31, 2008 business combination. F-19 WEIFANG YUHE POULTRY CO., LTD NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Stated in US Dollars) 13. REGISTERED CAPITAL As of December 31, 2007 and 2006, capital contributions paid-up amounted to $482,713 (RMB4,000,000). 14. LONG-TERM LIABILITIES 2007 2006 Loans from Nansun Rural Credit, interest rate at 9.22% to 10.51% per annum, due from Nov 28, 08 to May 17, 10 $ 8,203,333 $ 8,608,890 Loans from Shuangyang Rural Credit interest rate at 9.33% per annum, due on Oct 12, 08 888,694 831,468 Loans from Hanting Kaiyuan Rural Credit Cooperative, interest rate at 9.22% to 13.31% per annum, due from Nov 28, 08 to Jan 10, 09 874,555 - Loans from Hanting Rural Credit Cooperative, interest rate at 8.19% per annum, due from Nov 8, 09 396,962 381,734 $ 10,363,544 $ 9,822,092 Less: current portion of long-term liabilities (4,306,750 ) (5,219,060 ) $ 6,056,794 $ 4,603,032 Future maturities of long-term loans as at December 31, 2007 are as follows: 2008 $ 4,306,750 2009 2,638,738 2010 3,418,056 $ 10,363,544 F-20 WEIFANG YUHE POULTRY CO., LTD NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Stated in US Dollars) 15. INCOME TAX The Company is operating in the PRC, and in accordance with the relevant tax laws and regulations of PRC, the corporation income tax rate is 33%. However, the Company is an agricultural company, and in accordance with the relevant regulations regarding the tax exemption, the Company is tax-exempt as long as it is registered as an agricultural entity. Taihong is operating in the PRC, and in accordance with the relevant tax laws and regulations of PRC, the corporation income tax rate is 33%. Taihong has net operating losses of $4,115,841 at December 31, 2007, resulting in a deferred tax asset of $1,358,228 which has been fully reserved. The Group uses the asset and liability method, where deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial and income tax reporting purposes. There are no material timing differences and therefore no deferred tax asset or liability at December 31, 2007 and 2006. The provision for income taxes consists of the following: 2007 2006 Current tax - PRC $ - $ - - Deferral tax provision - - $ - $ - All of the Group’s income (loss) before income taxes is from PRC sources. Actual income tax expenses reported in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income differ from the amounts computed by applying the PRC statutory income tax rate of 33% to income (loss) before income taxes for the two years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 for the following reasons: 2007 2006 Income (loss) before income taxes $ 5,887,272 $ (3,539,724 ) Computed “expected” income tax expense (benefit) at 33% $ 1,942,800 $ (1,168,109 ) Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets (352,732 ) - Effect of cumulative tax losses - 540,778 Tax holiday (1,590,068 ) 627,331 $ - $ - F-21 WEIFANG YUHE POULTRY CO., LTD NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Stated in US Dollars) 16. RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS The following material transactions with related parties during the year s were in the opinion of the directors, carried out in the ordinary course of business and on normal commercial terms: 2007 2006 Sales of goods to a related company $ - $ 266,725 Sales to Weifang Hexing Breeding Co., Ltd, a related company, for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 was nil and $266,725 respectively. During 2007, Jiaweike was disposed of to the Weifang Hexing Breeding Co., Ltd, a related company where Mr. Gao Zhentao, the director of the Company is also the director. (note 5) 17. SIGNIFICANT CONCENTRATIONS AND RISK (a) Customer Concentrations The Group did not have any customer that individually comprised 10% or more of net revenue for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006. (b) Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject the Group to significant concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents. As of December 31, 2007 and 2006, substantially all of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents were held by major financial institutions located in the PRC, which management believes are of high credit quality. (c) Group’s operations are in China All of the Group’s products are produced in China. The Group’s operations are subject to various political, economic, and other risks and uncertainties inherent in China. Among other risks, the Group’s operations are subject to the risks of transfer of funds; domestic and international customs and tariffs; changing taxation policies; foreign exchange restrictions; and political conditions and governmental regulations. F-22 WEIFANG YUHE POULTRY CO., LTD NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Stated in US Dollars) 18. BUSINESS AND GEOGRAPHICAL SEGMENTS The Group currently engages in the business of chick and feed production. No analysis of the Group's sales and assets by business is presented as most of the feed products are used internally. The Group’s operations are located in the PRC. All revenue is from customers in the PRC. All of the company’s assets are located in the PRC. Accordingly, no analysis of the Group's sales and assets by geographical market is presented. 20. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES The Group has given guarantee to the following parties as at December 31, 2006 which are summarized as follows: Weifang Sansong Food Co., Ltd – a non-related party $ 370,962 Shandong Yuhe Food Group Co., Ltd – shareholder of the Company 2,046,690 Shandong Dongxiang Logistic Co., Ltd – a non-related party 255,836 Weifang Yibang Commerce Co., Ltd – a non-related party 319,795 $ 2,993,283 Management has assessed the fair value of the obligation arising from the above financial guarantees and considered it is remote to affect the consolidated financial statements according to their previous experiences. Therefore, no obligations in respect of the above guarantees were recognized as of December 31, 2006. The Company did not give further guarantee to the above companies as at December, 31, 2007. 21. ADDITIONAL PAID IN CAPITAL During the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, additional paid in capital of the Group of $2,605,717 and $4,403,806 were recorded when shareholders assumed the company’s debt. 22. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS In January 2008, Bright Stand International Limited (Bright Stand), a British Virgin Islands business company acquired 100% equity ownership of the Company and 56.25% equity ownership of Taihong with cash consideration equal to the appraised fair market value of Yuhe in the amount of RMB 81,450,400, or $11,306,522. As a result, the Company and Taihong became wholly-owned subsidiaries of Bright Stand. F-23 BRIGHT STAND INTERNATIONAL LIMITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD FROM AUGUST 3, 2007 (DATE OF INCEPTION) TO DECEMBER 31, 2007 (Stated in US dollars) F-24 BRIGHT STAND INTERNATIONAL LIMITED CONTENTS PAGES REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM F-26 BALANCE SHEET F-27 STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS F-28 STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY F-29 STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS F-30 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-31 to F-35 F-25 F-26 BRIGHT STAND INTERNATIONAL LIMITED BALANCE SHEET DECEMBER 31, 2007 (Stated in US Dollars) Note ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,050,168 Total current assets $ 1,050,168 Due from a related company 3 1,000,000 TOTAL ASSETS $ 2,050,168 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Current liabilities Accrued expenses 70 Due to related companies 4 2,210 Total current liabilities $ 2,280 TOTAL LIABILITIES $ 2,280 Commitments and contingencies $ - STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Common stock, par value $1.00, 50,000 shares authorized, 100 shares issued and outstanding 5 $ 100 Additional paid in capital 2,050,000 Accumulated deficit (2,212 ) $ 2,047,888 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY $ 2,050,168 See accompanying notes to financial statements F-27 BRIGHT STAND INTERNATIONAL LIMITED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE PERIOD FROM AUGUST 3, 2007 (DATE OF INCEPTION) TO DECEMBER 31, 2007 (Stated in US Dollars) Note Revenues $ - Operating expenses: Selling and distribution - General and administrative (2,340 ) Operating loss $ (2,340 ) Other income 198 Interest expenses (70 ) Loss before taxes $ (2,212 ) Income taxes 6 - Net loss $ (2,212 ) Basic and diluted loss per common share $ (22.12 ) Weighted average shares outstanding $ 100 See accompanying notes to financial statements F-28 BRIGHT STAND INTERNATIONAL LIMITED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY FOR THE PERIOD FROM AUGUST 3, 2007 (DATE OF INCEPTION) TO DECEMBER 31, 2007 (Stated in US Dollars) Common stock Additional Accumulated Number paid in deficit Total Of shares Amount capital Issue of common stock on incorporation 100 $ 100 $ - $ - $ 100 Net loss - - - (2,212 ) (2,212 ) Contribution from shareholder - - 2,050,000 - 2,050,000 Balance, December 31, 2007 100 $ 100 $ 2,050,000 $ (2,212 ) $ 2,047,888 See accompanying notes to financial statements F-29 BRIGHT STAND INTERNATIONAL LIMITED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE PERIOD FROM AUGUST 3, 2007 (DATE OF INCEPTION) TO DECEMBER 31, 2007 (Stated in US Dollars) Cash flows from operating activities Net loss $ (2,212 ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities Accrued expenses 70 Net cash used in operating activities $ (2,142 ) Cash flows from investing activities - Due from a related company (1,000,000 ) Net cash used by investing activities $ (1,000,000 ) Cash flows from financing activities Sale of stock $ 100 Contributions from a shareholder 2,050,000 Proceeds from related party loan 2,210 Net cash provided by financing activities $ 2,052,310 Net cash and cash equivalents sourced $ 1,050,168 Cash and cash equivalents–beginning of period - Cash and cash equivalents–end of period $ 1,050,168 See accompanying notes to financial statements F-30 BRIGHT STAND INTERNATIONAL LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Stated in US Dollars) 1. ORGANIZATION AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES Bright Stand International Limited (the Company) was established in the British Virgin Islands as a BVI business company on August 3, 2007. The Company is principally engaging in the holding of investments. 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (a) Method of Accounting The Company maintains its general ledger and journals on the accrual method of accounting for financial reporting purposes. The financial statements and notes are representations of management. Accounting policies adopted by the Company conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and have been consistently applied in the presentation of the financial statements, which are compiled on the accrual basis of accounting. (b) Use of estimates The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Management makes these estimates using the best information available at the time the estimates are made; however actual results could differ materially from those estimates. (c) Cash and cash equivalents The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. (d) Income tax The Company accounts for income taxes using an asset and liability approach and allows for recognition of deferred tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach, deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits, or that future realization is uncertain. F-31 BRIGHT STAND INTERNATIONAL LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Stated in US Dollars) 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES ( Continued) (e) Recent accounting pronouncements In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS 157, Fair Value Measurements, which defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. SFAS 157 applies under other accounting pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements, where fair value is the relevant measurement attribute. The standard does not require any new fair value measurements. SFAS 157 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal year beginning after November 15, 2007, and interim periods within that fiscal year. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of SFAS 157 on its operation and financial condition. In February 2007, FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. (“SFAS”) 159, “The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities - Including an Amendment of FASB Statement No. 115” (“SFAS 159”). SFAS 159 permits entities to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value. Entities that elect the fair value option will report unrealized gains and losses in earnings at each subsequent reporting date. The fair value option may be elected on an instrument-by-instrument basis, with a few exceptions. SFAS 159 also establishes presentation and disclosure requirements to facilitate comparisons between entities that choose different measurement attributes for similar assets and liabilities. The requirements of SFAS 159 are effective for our fiscal year beginning on January 1, 2008. The Company does not anticipate that the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on these financial statements. In December 2007, the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 110 (“SAB 110”). SAB 110 permits companies to continue to use the simplified method, under certain circumstances, in estimating the expected term of “plain vanilla” options beyond December 31, 2007. SAB 110 updates guidance provided in SAB 107 that previously stated that the Staff would not expect a company to use the simplified method for share option grants after December 31, 2007. Adoption of SAB 110 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company’s financial statements F-32 BRIGHT STAND INTERNATIONAL LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Stated in US Dollars) 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES ( Continued) In December 2007, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (“SFAS”) No. 160, “Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements, an amendment of ARB No. 51”. SFAS 160 establishes accounting and reporting standards for the noncontrolling interest in a subsidiary and for the deconsolidation of a subsidiary. SFAS 160 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning on or after December 15, 2008. As such, the Company is required to adopt these provisions at the beginning of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of SFAS 160 on its financial statements but does not expect it to have a material effect. In December 2007, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (“SFAS”) No. 141(R), "Business Combinations”. SFAS 141(R) establishes principles and requirements for how the acquirer recognizes and measures in its financial statements the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, an any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree, recognizes and measures the goodwill acquired in the business combination or a gain from a bargain purchase, and determines what information to disclose to enable users of the financial statements to evaluate the nature and financial effects of the business combination. SFAS 141(R) is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning on or after December 15, 2008. As such, the Company is required to adopt these provisions at the beginning of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of SFAS 141(R) on its financial statements but does not expect it to have a material effect. 3. DUE FROM RELATED COMPANIES The amount due from a related company is unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand. Weifang Yuhe Poultry Co., Ltd $ 1,000,000 The shareholder of Weifang Yuhe Poultry Co., Ltd is Gao Zhentao who is also the director of the Company. 4. DUE TO RELATED COMPANIES The amount due to a related company is unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand. Weifang Hexing Breeding Co., Ltd $ 2,210 The shareholder of Weifang Hexing Breeding Co., Ltd is Gao Zhentao who is also the director of the Company. F-33 BRIGHT STAND INTERNATIONAL LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Stated in US Dollars) 5. COMMON STOCK Authorized: 50,000 ordinary shares of $1 each $ 50,000 Issued and fully paid, including additional paid in capital: 100 ordinary shares of $1.00 each $ 2,050,100 The Company was incorporated at August 3, 2007, with an authorized share capital of $50,000 divided into 50,000 shares of $1.00 each. One Hundred shares were subscribed upon its incorporation for working capital purposes. On December 28, 2007, the shareholder of the Company contributed $2,050,000 for the acquisition of subsidiary. Mr. Yamamoto Kunio has 100% equity ownership. The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the common stock holders is based on the following data: Earnings: Earnings for the purpose of basic earnings per share $ (2,212 ) Effect of dilutive potential common stock - Earnings for the purpose of basic earnings per share $ (2,212 ) Number of shares Weighted average number of common Stock for the purpose of basic earnings per share 100 Effect of dilutive potential common stock - Weighted average number of common stock for the purpose of dilutive earnings per share $ 100 F-34 BRIGHT STAND INTERNATIONAL LIMITED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Stated in US Dollars) 6. INCOME TAX The Company was incorporated in the British Virgin Islands and is not subject to income taxes under the current laws of the British Virgin Islands. No deferred tax has been provided as there is no material temporary difference arising for the period from August 3, 2007 to December 31, 2007. 7. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS In January 2008, the Company acquired 100% equity ownership of Weifang Yuhe Poultry Co., Ltd (“Weifang Yuhe”) and 56.25% equity ownership of Weifang Taihong Feed Co., Ltd. (“Weifang Taihong”). As Weifang Yuhe directly holds 43.75% of Weifang Taihong, the Company indirectly holds 100% equity of Weifang Taihong after the acquisition. The Company presently has one wholly-owned subsidiary Weifang Yuhe, and one indirect wholly-owned subsidiary Weifang Taihong. F-35 YUHE INTERNATIONAL, INC. UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-36 YUHE INTERNATIONAL, INC. UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Basis of Presentation The unaudited pro forma consolidated financial statements of Yuhe International, Inc. (“Yuhe”) in the opinion of management include all material adjustments directly attributable to the share exchange contemplated by a share exchange agreement, dated October 18, 2007, among Bright Stand International Limited, Weifang Yuhe Poultry Co., Limited (“Weifang”) and all of the shareholders of Weifang Yuhe Poultry Co., Limited (the “Share Exchange Agreement”). Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, Bright Stand International Limited acquired all the equity of Weifang and 43.75% of Taihong. The acquisition was completed and effected when the majority considerations were received by the shareholders of Weifang on January 31, 2008. Pursuant to the Equity Transfer Agreement, on March 12, 2008, Yuhe International, Inc. issued to the shareholders of Bright Stand International Limited (“Bright Stand”) 126,857,134 shares in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Bright Stand. Bright Stand thereby became a wholly owned subsidiary of Yuhe. The pro forma consolidated statement of operations includes the accounts of Yuhe, Bright Stand and Weifang. The statement of operations was prepared as if the above mentioned acquisition of Bright Stand International Limited by Yuhe International, Inc. was consummated on January 1, 2006 and the balance sheet was prepared as if it was consummated on December 31, 2007. These pro forma consolidated financial statements have been prepared for comparative purposes only and do not purport to be indicative of the results of operations which actually would have resulted had the transaction occurred on the dates indicated and are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected in the future. F-37 YUHE INTERNATIONAL, INC. PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2007 Yuhe International, Inc. Bright Stand International Limited Weifang Yuhe Poultry Co., Ltd Pro forma Adjustment Pro forma Total Current assets Cash and cash equivalents $ - $ 1,050,168 $ 47,455 $ 14,102,000 $ 15,199,623 Accounts receivable and other current assets - - 65,005 65,005 Inventories - - 3,946,538 1,640 3,948,178 Advances to suppliers - - 1,137,767 1,137,767 Total current assets $ - $ 1,050,168 $ 5,196,765 $ 14,103,640 $ 20,350,573 Due from related companies $ - $ 1,000,000 $ 5,790,486 $ (1,000,000 ) $ 5,790,486 Prepaid deposits - 665,885 665,885 Other receivables, net - - 2,714,589 2,714,589 Deferred expenses - - 551,795 551,795 Other non-current assets - - 503,745 503,745 Goodwill - - - 1,224,490 1,224,490 Property, plant and equipment, net - - 15,135,284 (131,109 ) 15,004,175 Intangible assets, net - - 2,501,744 267,274 2,769,018 Restricted cash - - - 1,750,000 1,750,000 Total assets $ - $ 2,050,168 $ 33,060,293 $ 16,214,295 $ 51,324,756 Current liabilities Accounts payable $ - $ - $ 5,471,271 $ $ 5,471,271 Payroll and payroll related liabilities - - 835,372 835,372 Due to related companies - - 1,000,000 (1,000,000 ) - Other current liabilities - 2,280 685,270 687,550 Current portion of long-term loans - - 4,306,750 4,306,750 Loans payable - - 3,268,087 3,268,087 Total current liabilities $ - $ 2,280 $ 15,566,750 $ (1,000,000 ) $ 14,569,030 F-38 YUHE INTERNATIONAL, INC. PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2007 Yuhe International, Inc. Bright Stand International Limited Weifang Yuhe Poultry Co., Ltd Pro forma Adjustment Pro forma Total Long-term liabilities Long-term loans $ - $ - $ 6,056,794 $ $ 6,056,794 Total liabilities $ - $ 2,280 $ 21,623,544 $ (1,000,000 ) $ 20,625,824 Minority interests $ - $ - $ 201,752 $ (201,752 ) $ - Shareholders' Equity Preferred stock, $0.001 par value, 1,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding $ - $ - $ - $ $ - Common stock, $0.001 par value, 500,000,000 shares authorized, 228,571,416 shares issued and outstanding 16,000 2,050,100 - (1,837,529 ) $ 228,571 Share capital - - 482,713 (482,713 ) - Additional paid-in capital 90,139 - 7,009,523 22,523,980 29,623,642 Accumulated (deficits) profit (106,139 ) (2,212 ) 2,990,742 (1,990,065 ) 892,326 Accumulated other comprehensive income - - 752,019 (797,626 ) (45,607 ) Total shareholders’ equity $ - $ 2,047,888 $ 11,234,997 $ 17,416,047 $ 30,698,932 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity $ - $ 2,050,168 $ 33,060,293 $ 16,214,295 $ 51,324,756 F-39 YUHE INTERNATIONAL, INC. PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2007 Yuhe International, Inc. Bright Stand International Limited Weifang Yuhe Poultry Co., Ltd Pro forma Adjustment Pro forma Total Net sales $ - $ - $ 22,075,224 $ $ 22,075,224 Cost of sales - - (13,502,545 ) (13,502,545 ) Gross profit $ - $ - $ 8,572,679 $ $ 8,572,679 Operating expenses Selling - - (312,927 ) (312,927 ) General and administrative (12,215 ) (2,142 ) (1,341,987 ) (1,356,344 ) (Loss) income from operations $ (12,215 ) $ (2,142 ) $ 6,917,765 $ $ 6,903,408 Non-operating income (expense) Investment loss - - (101,264 ) (101,264 ) Interest income - - 796 796 Interest expenses (319 ) (70 ) (924,845 ) (925,234 ) Loss on disposal of fixed assets - - (5,180 ) (5,180 ) (Loss) income before income taxes and minority interests $ (12,534 ) $ (2,212 ) $ 5,887,272 $ $ 5,872,526 Income taxes - - - - (Loss) income before minority interest $ (12,534 ) $ (2,212 ) $ 5,887,272 $ $ 5,872,526 Minority interest share profit - - 61,392 (61,392 ) - Net (loss) profit $ (12,534 ) $ (2,212 ) $ 5,948,664 $ (61,392 ) $ 5,872,526 F-40 YUHE INTERNATIONAL, INC. PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2007 Yuhe International, Inc. Bright Stand International Limited Weifang Yuhe Poultry Co., Ltd Pro forma Adjustment Pro forma Total Other comprehensive income Foreign currency translation gain - - 518,854 518,854 Comprehensive (loss) income $ (12,534 ) $ (2,212 ) $ 6,467,518 $ (61,392 ) $ 6,391,380 Income per common share - Basic $ 0.03 - Fully diluted $ 0.02 Basic and fully diluted net income $ 5,872,526 Common shares outstanding - Basic 228,571,416 - Fully diluted 235,571,416 F-41 YUHE INTERNATIONAL, INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2007 The following adjustments to the unaudited pro forma financial statements are based on the assumption that the share exchange was consummated as of December 31, 2007. DESCRIPTION DR Cr $ $ Share capital-Bright Stand International Limited 2,050,100 Accumulated (deficits) / profit 101,963 Additional paid in capital 1,948,137 2,050,100 2,050,100 To record the elimination of cost of investment against share capital of Bright Stand International Limited. Cash ($425,000 – $420,000) 5,000 Additional paid in capital ($14,000-$425,000+$420,000) 9,000 Share capital (14,000,000 x $0.001) 14,000 14,000 14,000 To record 14,000,000 shares issued pursuant to share exchange agreement between First Growth Investors Inc. and Halter Financial Investments, L.P. for $425,000, and subtract a special cash dividend paid of $420,000. Additional paid in capital 126,857 Share capital (126,857,134 x $0.001) 126,857 To record 126,857,134 shares issued pursuant to share exchange agreement between First Growth Investors Inc. and Bright Stand International Limited. Cash ($18,000,000 - $1,750,000 - $2,153,000) 14,097,000 Restricted cash 1,750,000 Additional paid in capital 15,761,286 Share capital (85,714,282 x $0.001) 85,714 15,847,000 15,847,000 F-42 YUHE INTERNATIONAL, INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2007 To record 85,714,282 shares issued pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement between First Growth Investors Inc. and certain investors for $18,000,000 includes (1,750,000 hold back) after deducting issuance costs of $2,153,000. Cash 11,618,189 Additional paid in capital 11,618,189 To record the cash invested from the shareholder of Bright Stand International Ltd. Investment in subsidiaries ($11,306,522 + $311,667) 11,618,189 Cash 11,618,189 To record the acquisition of Weifang Yuhe and Weifang Taihong at $11,306,522 and $311,667 respectively. Share capital 482,713 Additional paid in capital 6,681,775 Accumulated (deficits) profit 2,092,028 Accumulated other comprehensive income 797,626 Minority interests 225,503 Property, plant and equipment, net 131,109 Intangible assets, net 267,274 Inventories 1,640 Investment in subsidiaries 11,618,189 Goodwill 1,200,739 11,749,298 11,749,298 To record the elimination of investment in subsidiaries and the recognition of goodwill arising from acquisition of Weifang Yuhe Poultry Co., Ltd by Bright Stand International Limited, and fair value adjustments on property, plant and equipment and intangible assets. Due to related companies 1,000,000 Due from related companies 1,000,000 To record the elimination of inter-company balances. F-43 BRIGHT STAND INTERNATIONAL LIMITED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-44 BRIGHT STAND INTERNATIONAL LIMITED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Basis of Presentation The unaudited pro forma consolidated financial statements of Bright Stand International Limited in the opinion of management include all material adjustments directly attributable to the share exchange contemplated by a share exchange agreement, dated October 18, 2007, among Bright Stand International Limited, Weifang Yuhe Poultry Co., Limited (“Weifang”) and all of the shareholders of Weifang Yuhe Poultry Co., Limited (the “Share Exchange Agreement”). Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, Bright Stand International Limited acquired all the equity of Weifang and 43.75% of Taihong. The acquisition was completed and effected when the majority considerations were received by the shareholders of Weifang on January 31, 2008. The pro forma consolidated statement of operations includes the accounts of Bright Stand International Limited and Weifang Yuhe Poultry Co., Limited. The statement of operations was prepared as if the above mentioned acquisition of Weifang by Bright Stand International Limited was consummated on January 1, 2007 and the balance sheet was prepared as if it was consummated on December 31, 2007. These pro forma consolidated financial statements have been prepared for comparative purposes only and do not purport to be indicative of the results of operations which actually would have resulted had the transaction occurred on the dates indicated and are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected in the future. F-45 BRIGHT STAND INTERNATIONAL LIMITED PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2007 Bright Stand International Limited Weifang Yuhe Poultry Co., Ltd Pro forma Adjustment Pro forma Total Current assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,050,168 $ 47,455 $ $ 1,097,623 Accounts receivable and other current assets - 65,005 65,005 Inventories - 3,946,538 1,640 3,948,178 Advances to suppliers - 1,137,767 1,137,767 Total current assets $ 1,050,168 $ 5,196,765 $ 1,640 $ 6,248,573 Due from related companies $ 1,000,000 $ 5,790,486 $ (1,000,000 ) $ 5,790,486 Prepaid deposits - 665,885 665,885 Other receivables, net - 2,714,589 2,714,589 Deferred expenses - 551,795 551,795 Other non-current assets - 503,745 503,745 Goodwill - - 1,224,490 1,224,490 Property, plant and equipment, net - 15,135,284 (131,109 ) 15,004,175 Intangible assets, net - 2,501,744 267,274 2,769,018 Total assets $ 2,050,168 $ 33,060,293 $ 362,295 $ 35,472,756 Current liabilities Accounts payable $ - $ 5,471,271 $ $ 5,471,271 Payroll and payroll related liabilities - 835,372 835,372 Due to related companies - 1,000,000 (1,000,000 ) - Other current liabilities 2,280 685,270 687,550 Current portion of long term loans - 4,306,750 4,306,750 Loans payable - 3,268,087 3,268,087 Total current liabilities $ 2,280 $ 15,566,750 $ (1,000,000 ) $ 14,569,030 F-46 BRIGHT STAND INTERNATIONAL LIMITED PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2007 Bright Stand International Limited Weifang Yuhe Poultry Co., Ltd Pro forma Adjustment Pro forma Total Long-term liabilities Long-term loans $ - $ 6,056,794 $ $ 6,056,794 Total liabilities $ 2,280 $ 21,623,544 $ (1,000,000 ) $ 20,625,824 Minority interests $ - $ 201,752 $ (201,752 ) $ - Shareholders’ Equity Common stock, $1 par value, 50,000 shares authorized, 100 shares issued and outstanding $ 100 $ - $ - $ 100 Share capital - 482,713 (482,713 ) - Additional paid-in capital 2,050,000 7,009,523 4,936,414 13,995,937 Accumulated (deficits) profit (2,212 ) 2,990,742 (2,092,028 ) 896,502 Accumulated other comprehensive income - 752,019 (797,626 ) (45,607 ) Total shareholders’ equity $ 2,047,888 $ 11,234,997 $ 1,564,047 $ 14,846,932 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity $ 2,050,168 $ 33,060,293 $ 362,295 $ 35,472,756 F-47 BRIGHT STAND INTERNATIONAL LIMITED PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE PERIOD FROM AUGUST 3, 2007 (DATE OF INCORPORATION) TO DECEMBER 31, 2007 Bright Stand International Limited Weifang Yuhe Poultry Co., Ltd Pro forma Adjustment Pro forma Total Net sales $ - $ 22,075,224 $ $ 22,075,224 Cost of sales - (13,502,545 ) (13,502,545 ) Gross profit $ - $ 8,572,679 $ $ 8,572,679 Operating expenses Selling - (312,927 ) (312,927 ) General and administrative (2,142 ) (1,341,987 ) (1,344,129 ) Income from operations $ (2,142 ) $ 6,917,765 $ $ 6,915,623 Non-operating income (expense) Investment loss - (101,264 ) (101,264 ) Interest income - 796 796 Interest expenses (70 ) (924,845 ) (924,915 ) Loss on disposal of fixed assets - (5,180 ) (5,180 ) (Loss) income before income taxes and minority interests $ (2,212 ) $ 5,887,272 $ $ 5,885,060 Income taxes - - - Income before minority interest $ (2,212 ) $ 5,887,272 $ $ 5,885,060 Minority interest share loss - 61,392 (61,392 ) - Net (loss) profit $ (2,212 ) $ 5,948,664 $ (61,392 ) $ 5,885,060 F-48 BRIGHT STAND INTERNATIONAL LIMITED PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE PERIOD FROM AUGUST 3, 2007 (DATE OF INCORPORATION) TO DECEMBER 31, 2007 Bright Stand International Limited Weifang Yuhe Poultry Co., Ltd Pro Forma Adjustment Pro Forma Total Other comprehensive income Foreign currency translation gain - 518,854 518,854 Comprehensive (loss) income $ (2,212 ) $ 6,467,518 $ (61,392 ) $ 6,403,914 Income per common share $ 58,850.60 Basic and fully diluted income $ 5,885,060 Basic and fully diluted common shares outstanding 100 F-49 BRIGHT STAND INTERNATIONAL LIMITED NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE PERIOD FROM AUGUST 3, 2007 (DATE OF INCORPORATION) TO DECEMBER 31, 2007 The following adjustments to the unaudited pro forma financial statements are based on the assumption that the share exchange was consummated as of December 31, 2007. DESCRIPTION DR Cr $ $ Cash 11,618,189 Additional paid in capital 11,618,189 To record the cash invested from the shareholder of Bright Stand International Ltd. Investment in subsidiaries ($11,306,522 + $311,667) 11,618,189 Cash 11,618,189 To record the acquisition of Weifang Yuhe and Weifang Taihong at $11,306,522 and $311,667 respectively. Share capital 482,713 Additional paid in capital 6,681,775 Accumulated (deficits) profit 2,092,028 Accumulated other comprehensive income 797,626 Minority interests 225,503 Property, plant and equipment, net 131,109 Intangible assets, net 267,274 Inventories 1,640 Investment in subsidiaries 11,618,189 Goodwill 1,200,739 11,749,298 11,749,298 To record the elimination of investment in subsidiaries and the recognition of goodwill arising from acquisition of Weifang Yuhe Poultry Co., Ltd by Bright Stand International Limited, and fair value adjustments on property, plant and equipment and intangible assets. Due to related companies 1,000,000 Due from related companies 1,000,000 To record the elimination of inter-company balances. F-50 PROSPECTUS 7,871,515 shares YUHE INTERNATIONAL, INC. Common Stock ______, 2008 Until ____, 2008 (25 days after the commencement of this offering), all dealers that effect transactions in these securities, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers’ obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions. PART II Information Not Required in Prospectus Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution The following table sets forth all expenses to be paid by Yuhe International, Inc. (“Yuhe”), other than the underwriting discount and commissions payable by Yuhe in connection with the sales of the common stock being registered. All amounts shown are estimates except the Securities and Exchange Commission registration fee. We will pay all these expenses. Amount to be Paid Securities and Exchange Commission registration fee $ 1,896.32 FINRA filing fee * Blue sky fees and expenses * Printing and engraving expenses * Legal fees and expenses * Accounting fees and expenses * Directors’ and officers’ insurance * Transfer Agent and Registrar fees * Miscellaneous expenses * Total $ * * To be completed by amendment. Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers Pursuant to Nevada law, a Nevada corporation like us has the power to indemnify any person who was or is a party to any proceeding (other than an action by, or in the right of, the corporation), by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director, officer, employee, or agent of the corporation or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee, or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise against liability incurred in connection with such proceeding, including any appeal thereof, if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the corporation and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. The termination of any proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, or conviction or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the corporation or, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. Under Sections 78.751 and 78.752 of the Nevada Revised Statutes, the registrant has broad powers to indemnify and insure its directors and officers against liabilities they may incur in their capacities as such. The registrant’s Bylaws implement the indemnification and insurance provisions permitted by Chapter 78 of the Nevada Revised Statutes by providing that: · The registrant must indemnify its directors to the fullest extent permitted by Chapter 78 of the Nevada Revised Statutes and may, if and to the extent authorized by the registrant’s board of directors, so indemnify its officers and any other person whom it has power to indemnify against liability, reasonable expense or other matter whatsoever. · The registrant may at the discretion of its board of directors purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of the registrant and any person whom it has power to indemnify pursuant to law, its articles of incorporation, its bylaws or otherwise. II-1 These indemnification provisions may be sufficiently broad to permit indemnification of the registrant’s directors and officers for liabilities (including reimbursement of expenses incurred) arising under the Securities Act. Our Articles of Incorporation provides that none of our directors or officers shall be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for a breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer provided, however, that the foregoing provisions shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director or officer for acts or omissions which involve intentional misconduct, fraud or knowing violation of law, or the payment of dividends in violation of Section 78.300 of the Nevada Revised Statutes. Limitations on liability provided for in our Articles of Incorporation do not restrict the availability of non-monetary remedies and do not affect a director’s responsibility under any other law, such as the federal securities laws or state or federal environmental laws. We believe that these provisions will assist us in attracting and retaining qualified individuals to serve as executive officers and directors. The inclusion of these provisions in our Articles of Incorporation may have the effect of reducing a likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors and may discourage or deter stockholders or management from bringing a lawsuit against directors for breach of their duty of care, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise have benefited us or our stockholders. Our Bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors to the fullest extent provided by the Nevada Revised Statutes and we may, if and to the extent authorized by our board of directors, so indemnify our officers and other persons whom we have the power to indemnify against liability, reasonable expense or other matters. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the Company, of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the Company, in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer, or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will (unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent) submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities Since January 1, 2005, Yuhe International, Inc. issued unregistered securities to a limited number of persons as described below: (1) On November 16, 2007, we issued 14,000,000 shares (equivalent to 951,996 post-split shares) of our Common Stock to Halter Financial Investments, L.P. for aggregate proceeds of $425,000. The issuance and sales of these securities were deemed to be exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act. (2) On March 12, 2008 in connection with transactions related to the acquisition of Bright Stand International Limited, we issued 126,857,134 shares (equivalent to 8,626,236 post-split shares) of our Common Stock to Kunio Yamamoto. The issuance and sales of these securities were deemed to be exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act. (3) On March 12, 2008 we issued 85,714,282 shares (equivalent to 5,828,539 post-split shares) of our Common Stock to certain investors for aggregate proceeds of approximately $18,000,000. The issuance and sales of these securities were deemed to be exempt from registration pursuant to Rule 506 under the Securities Act. There were no underwritten offerings employed in connection with any of the transactions set forth above. Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a) Exhibits II-2 Exhibit Number Description of Document 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of the registrant as filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada, as amended to date. [ Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant’s current report on Form 8-K filed on April 10, 2007] 4.1 Registration Rights Agreement dated March 12, 2008 by and among First Growth Investors, Inc., and certain investors. [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant’s current report on Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2007] *5.1 Opinion of Thomas G. Kimble & Associates, PC as to the legality of the shares. *5.2 Opinion of Long An Law Firm. 10.1 Stock Purchase Agreement dated November 6, 2007 between First Growth Investors, Inc. and Halter Financial Investments, L.P. [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s current report on Form 8-K filed on November 6, 2007] 10.2 Equity Transfer Agreement dated March 12, 2008 between First Growth Investors, Inc. and Kunio Yamamoto. [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant’s current report on Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2007] 10.3 Securities Purchase Agreement dated March 12, 2008 by and among First Growth Investors, Inc., Bright Stand International Limited, Weifang Yuhe Poultry Co., Ltd., Kunio Yamamoto and certain investors. [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant’s current report on Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2007] 10.4 Make Good Escrow Agreement dated March 12, 2008 by and among First Growth Investors, Inc., Kunio Yamamoto, certain investors, Roth Capital Partners, LLC and Tri-State Title and Escrow, LLC. [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant’s current report on Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2007] 10.5 Holdback Escrow Agreement dated March 12, 2008 by and among First Growth Investors, Inc., certain investors, and Tri-State Title and Escrow, LLC. [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the registrant’s current report on Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2007] 10.6 Warrant dated Mach 12, 2008 issued by First Growth Investors, Inc. to Roth Capital Partners, LLC [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the registrant’s current report on Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2007] 10.7 Make Good Escrow Agreement dated March 12, 2008 by and among First Growth Investors, Inc., Kunio Yamamoto, HFG International, Limited, and Interwest Transfer Company, Inc. [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the registrant’s current report on Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2007] 10.8 Lock-up Agreement dated March 12, 2008 between Kunio Yamamoto and First Growth Investors, Inc. [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the registrant’s current report on Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2007] 10.9 Audited Financial Statements of First Growth Investors, Inc. for the Year Ended December 31, 2005. [Incorporated by reference to the registrant’s current report on Form 10-KSB filed on April 4, 2006] 10.10 Audited Financial Statements of First Growth Investors, Inc. for the Year Ended December 31, 2006. [Incorporated by reference to the registrant’s current report on Form 10K-SB filed on April 2, 2007] 10.11 Audited Financial Statements of First Growth Investors, Inc. for the Year Ended December 31, 2007. [Incorporated by reference to the registrant’s current report on Form 10K-SB filed on March 31, 2008] *23.1 Consent of Child, Van Wagoner & Bradshaw, PLLC. *23.2 Consent of Thomas G. Kimble and Associates, PC, included in Exhibit 5.1. *23.3 Consent of Long An Law Firm. II-3 *24.1 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page of this registration statement). _____________ * Filed herewith Item 17. Undertakings (a) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”); (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the "Calculation of Registration Fee" table in the effective registration statement; ; and (iii) To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement. (2) That, for purposes of determining liability under the Securities Act, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (4) For determining liability of the undersigned registrant under the Securities Act to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) the portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (5) For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant under Rule 424(b)(1), or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective. II-4 (6) For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering of those securities. (b) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question of whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. II-5 Signature Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in Weifang, Shandong Province, The People’s Republic of China on May 12, 2008. Yuhe International, Inc. By: /s/ Gao Zhentao Gao Zhentao Chief Executive Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Gao Zhentao and Jiang Yingjun, and each of them acting individually, as his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, each with full power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Registration Statement (including post-effective Rule 462(b) amendments increasing the number of securities for which registration is sought), and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of each to act alone, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully for all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated: Signature Title Date /s/ Gao Zhentao Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors (Principal Executive Officer) May 12, 2008 Gao Zhentao /s/ Jiang Yingjun Chief Financial Officer May 12, 2008 Jiang Yingjun (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) II-6 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number Description of Document 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of the registrant as filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada, as amended to date. [ Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant’s current report on Form 8-K filed on April 10, 2007] 4.1 Registration Rights Agreement dated March 12, 2008 by and among First Growth Investors, Inc., and certain investors. [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant’s current report on Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2007] *5.1 Opinion of Thomas G. Kimble & Associates, PC as to the legality of the shares. *5.2 Opinion of Long An Law Firm. 10.1 Stock Purchase Agreement dated November 6, 2007 between First Growth Investors, Inc. and Halter Financial Investments, L.P. [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s current report on Form 8-K filed on November 6, 2007] 10.2 Equity Transfer Agreement dated March 12, 2008 between First Growth Investors, Inc. and Kunio Yamamoto. [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant’s current report on Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2007] 10.3 Securities Purchase Agreement dated March 12, 2008 by and among First Growth Investors, Inc., Bright Stand International Limited, Weifang Yuhe Poultry Co., Ltd., Kunio Yamamoto and certain investors. [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant’s current report on Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2007] 10.4 Make Good Escrow Agreement dated March 12, 2008 by and among First Growth Investors, Inc., Kunio Yamamoto, certain investors, Roth Capital Partners, LLC and Tri-State Title and Escrow, LLC. [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant’s current report on Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2007] 10.5 Holdback Escrow Agreement dated March 12, 2008 by and among First Growth Investors, Inc., certain investors, and Tri-State Title and Escrow, LLC. [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the registrant’s current report on Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2007] 10.6 Warrant dated Mach 12, 2008 issued by First Growth Investors, Inc. to Roth Capital Partners, LLC [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the registrant’s current report on Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2007] 10.7 Make Good Escrow Agreement dated March 12, 2008 by and among First Growth Investors, Inc., Kunio Yamamoto, HFG International, Limited, and Interwest Transfer Company, Inc. [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the registrant’s current report on Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2007] 10.8 Lock-up Agreement dated March 12, 2008 between Kunio Yamamoto and First Growth Investors, Inc. [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the registrant’s current report on Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2007] 10.9 Audited Financial Statements of First Growth Investors, Inc. for the Year Ended December 31, 2005. [Incorporated by reference to the registrant’s current report on Form 10-KSB filed on April 4, 2006] 10.10 Audited Financial Statements of First Growth Investors, Inc. for the Year Ended December 31, 2006. [Incorporated by reference to the registrant’s current report on Form 10K-SB filed on April 2, 2007] 10.11 Audited Financial Statements of First Growth Investors, Inc. for the Year Ended December 31, 2007. [Incorporated by reference to the registrant’s current report on Form 10K-SB filed on March 31, 2008] *23.1 Consent of Child, Van Wagoner & Bradshaw, PLLC. *23.2 Consent of Thomas G. Kimble and Associates, PC, included in Exhibit 5.1. *23.3 Consent of Long An Law Firm. *24.1 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page of this registration statement). II-7
