Form S-1 Table of Contents As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2013 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) Florida 6022 59-3472981 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) Stephen C. Green President and Chief Executive Officer Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. 100 North Laura Street Suite 1000 Jacksonville, Florida 32202 (904) 421-3040 (Address, including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, including Area Code, of Registrant’s Principal Executive Offices) Copy to: Halcyon E. Skinner McGuireWoods LLP 50 North Laura Street Suite 3300 Jacksonville, Florida 32202 Telephone: (904) 798-2626 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of the registration statement. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box. x If this form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If this form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer ¨ Accelerated filer ¨ Non-accelerated filer ¨ (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Smaller reporting company x CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of Each Class of Securities to be Registered Amount to be Registered Proposed Maximum Offering Price per Share Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price Amount of Registration Fee Nontransferable Common Stock Subscription Rights (1) [ ] N/A N/A $0 (2) Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 10,000,000 (3) $0.50 $5,000,000 $682 (4) Total (1) The subscription rights are being issued without consideration and each represents the right to subscribe for [ ] shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share. (2) Pursuant to Rule 457(g), no separate registration fee is payable with respect to the subscription rights being offered hereby since the subscription rights are being registered in the same registration statement as the securities to be offered pursuant thereto. (3) Represents the maximum number of shares issuable upon the exercise of the subscription rights and/or subscriptions during the public offering. (4) Estimated in accordance with Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, solely for the purpose of calculating the amount of registration fee. The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. Table of Contents The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. These securities may not be sold nor may offers to buy these securities be accepted prior to the time the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission becomes effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED APRIL 26, 2013 PROSPECTUS JACKSONVILLE BANCORP, INC. Up to 10,000,000 Shares of Common Stock We are distributing, at no charge, to holders of our common stock, par value $0.01 per share, nontransferable subscription rights to purchase shares of our common stock. You will receive one subscription right for each share of common stock you owned as of 5:00 p.m., New York time, on [ ], 2013. We are distributing subscription rights exercisable for up to an aggregate of 10 million shares of our common stock. We refer to this offering as the “rights offering.” Each whole subscription right will entitle you, as a holder of our common stock, to purchase [ ] shares of common stock, at a subscription price of $0.50 per share, which we refer to as the “basic subscription privilege.” The subscription price is the same price, on an as-converted basis, at which we effected our December 2012 private placement of 50,000 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock, which we refer to as the “Private Placement.” The offerees and purchasers of the Series A Preferred Stock in the Private Placement, who we refer to as the “Excluded Shareholders,” have waived their rights to participate in this rights offering and will not be receiving any subscription rights. If you fully exercise your basic subscription privilege and other shareholders do not fully exercise their basic subscription privileges, you will be entitled to exercise an “oversubscription privilege” to purchase, subject to limitations and allotment, a portion of the unsubscribed shares of our common stock at the same subscription price of $0.50 per share. If all of the rights are exercised, the total purchase price of the shares purchased in the rights offering would be $5 million. We are not entering into any standby purchase agreement or similar agreement with respect to the purchase of any shares of our common stock not subscribed for through the basic subscription privilege or the oversubscription privilege. Therefore, there is no certainty that any shares will be purchased pursuant to the rights offering and there is no minimum purchase requirement as a condition to accepting subscriptions. The subscription rights will expire if they are not exercised by 5:00 p.m., New York time, on [ ] , 2013, unless we extend the rights offering period. You should carefully consider whether to exercise your subscription rights before the expiration of the rights offering. All exercises of subscription rights are irrevocable. Our board of directors makes no recommendation regarding your exercise of the subscription rights. We will conduct the rights offering solely on a “best efforts” basis without the services of an underwriter or placement agent. To the extent not all of the shares of common stock offered by this prospectus are purchased through the rights offering, we may offer and sell the unsubscribed shares through a public offering. We intend to engage one or more sales agents on a commission basis to assist in the public offering. All sales agents will act on a “best efforts” basis. Because the offering is not underwritten by a broker-dealer on a firm commitment basis, there can be no assurance that any unsubscribed shares of common stock we are offering to the public will be sold. The public offering will expire on the tenth trading day after the expiration of the rights offering, unless we extend it in our sole discretion. However, we will not extend the public offering period beyond [ ]. We reserve the right to accept or reject, in whole or in part, any subscription tendered in the public offering. We reserve the right to amend or cancel either or both of the offerings at any time. If the rights offering is cancelled, all subscription payments received by the subscription agent will be returned promptly. Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol “JAXB.” On [ ], 2013, the last reported sale price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market was $[ ] per share. Exercising the rights and investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. We urge you to carefully read the section entitled “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page 12 of this prospectus, the section entitled “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 and all other information included or incorporated herein by reference in this prospectus in its entirety before you decide whether to exercise your rights. Per Share Aggregate Subscription Price $ 0.50 $ 5,000,000 (1) Estimated Expenses $ 0.02 $ 202,682 Net Proceeds to Us $ 0.48 $ 4,797,318 (1) Assumes the rights offering is fully subscribed. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed on the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. These securities are not deposits or savings accounts or other obligations of any bank or savings association, and are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency. The date of this prospectus is [ ], 2013. Table of Contents ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with information different from that contained in this prospectus. The information in this document may only be accurate on the date of this document. You should assume that the information appearing in this prospectus is accurate only as of the date on the front cover of this prospectus. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since that date. You should not consider any information in this prospectus or in the documents incorporated by reference herein to be investment, legal or tax advice. You should consult your own counsel, accountant and other advisors for legal, tax, business, financial and related advice regarding the purchase of our securities. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term “Bancorp” refers to Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., and the terms “we,” “us” and “our” refer to Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., together with its subsidiary, The Jacksonville Bank (the “Bank”) and the Bank’s subsidiaries. To understand this offering fully, you should read this entire document carefully, as well as the documents identified in the section titled “Where You Can Find More Information.” Table of Contents SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus contains or incorporates by reference forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements represent plans, estimates, objectives, goals, guidelines, expectations, intentions, projections and statements of our beliefs concerning future events, business plans, objectives, expected operating results and the assumptions upon which those statements are based. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate or imply future results, performance or achievements, and are typically identified with words such as “may,” “could,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “project,” “is confident that,” and similar expressions that are intended to identify these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty and a variety of factors, which are in many instances beyond our control and could cause our actual results and experiences to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. We assume no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements. In addition to the risks discussed in this prospectus under “Risk Factors” below, the following are important factors that, in our view, could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements: • the effects of future economic, business and market conditions and changes, domestic and foreign, including seasonality; • governmental monetary and fiscal policies; • legislative and regulatory changes, including changes in banking, securities and tax laws, regulations and policies and their application by our regulators; • changes in accounting rules, practices and interpretations; • the risks of changes in interest rates on the levels, composition and costs of deposits, loan demand, and the values and liquidity of loan collateral, securities, and interest-sensitive assets and liabilities; • changes in borrower credit risks and payment behaviors; • changes in the availability and cost of credit and capital in the financial markets; • changes in the prices, values and sales volumes of residential and commercial real estate; • the effects of concentrations in our loan portfolio; • our ability to resolve or reduce our nonperforming assets; • the effects of competition from a wide variety of local, regional, national and other providers of financial, investment and insurance services; • the failure of assumptions and estimates underlying the establishment of reserves for possible loan losses and other estimates and valuations; • the risks of mergers, acquisitions and divestitures, including, without limitation, the related time and costs of implementing such transactions, integrating operations as part of these transactions and possible failures to achieve expected gains, revenue growth, expense savings and/or other results from such transactions; Table of Contents • changes in technology or products that may be more difficult, costly or less effective than anticipated; and • the effects of war or other conflicts, acts of terrorism, hurricanes, floods, tornados or other catastrophic events that may affect economic conditions. Further information on other factors that could affect us is included in the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) filings incorporated by reference in this prospectus described below under the heading “Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference,” all of which are accessible on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. See also “Risk Factors” contained in this prospectus. Forward-looking statements should not be viewed as predictions and should not be the primary basis upon which investors evaluate us. If one or more of the factors affecting our forward-looking information and statements proves incorrect, then our actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, forward-looking information and statements contained in this prospectus and in the information incorporated by reference herein. Therefore, we caution you not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking information and statements. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS RELATING TO THE RIGHTS OFFERING 1 PROSPECTUS SUMMARY 8 RISK FACTORS 12 SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION 17 USE OF PROCEEDS 19 CAPITALIZATION 19 DILUTION 20 THE RIGHTS OFFERING 20 THE PUBLIC OFFERING OF UNSUBSCRIBED SHARES 29 MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES 31 MARKET PRICE OF COMMON STOCK AND DIVIDEND POLICY 35 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 36 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 40 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 41 INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE 41 LEGAL MATTERS 42 EXPERTS 42 DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES 42 i Table of Contents QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS RELATING TO THE RIGHTS OFFERING The following are examples of what we anticipate will be common questions about the rights offering. The answers are based on selected information from this prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein. The following questions and answers do not contain all of the information that may be important to you and may not address all of the questions that you may have about the rights offering. This prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein contain more detailed descriptions of the terms and conditions of the rights offering and provide additional information about us and our business, including potential risks related to the rights offering, our common stock and our business. Exercising the rights and investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. We urge you to carefully read the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 12 of this prospectus, and all other information included or incorporated herein by reference in this prospectus in its entirety before you decide whether to exercise your rights. What is the rights offering? The rights offering is a distribution of subscription rights on a pro rata basis, and at no charge, to the holders of our common stock (other than the Excluded Shareholders). We are distributing to holders of our common stock as of 5:00 p.m., New York time, on [ ], the “record date” (other than the Excluded Shareholders), subscription rights to purchase an aggregate of approximately 10 million shares of our common stock. You will receive the right to subscribe for [ ] shares of common stock for every one share of our common stock you owned as of 5:00 p.m., New York time, on the record date, at a price of $0.50 per full share pursuant to your basic subscription privilege. The subscription rights are evidenced by rights certificates. Your rights certificate accompanies this prospectus. How many shares may I purchase if I exercise my rights? Each right entitles you to purchase [ ] shares of our common stock for $0.50 per share. We will not issue fractional shares of common stock in the rights offering, and holders will only be entitled to purchase a whole number of shares of common stock, rounded down to the nearest whole number a holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase. For example, if you owned 100 shares of our common stock on the record date, you would be granted 100 subscription rights and you would have the right to purchase [ ] shares of our common stock ([ ] rounded down to the nearest whole number) for $0.50 per share (or a total payment of $[ ]). You may exercise all or any number of your subscription rights, or you may choose not to exercise any subscription rights. If you hold your shares in street name through a broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee who uses the services of the Depository Trust Company, or “DTC,” then DTC will issue one subscription right to your nominee for every share of our common stock you own as of the record date. The basic subscription privilege can then be used to purchase [ ] shares of common stock for $0.50 per share. As in the example above, if you owned 100 shares of our common stock on the record date, you have the right to purchase [ ] shares of common stock for $0.50 per share. For more information, see “What should I do if I want to participate in the rights offering, but my shares are held in the name of my broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee?” in this section. Will fractional subscription shares be issued? No. We will not issue fractional shares of common stock in the rights offering, and holders will only be entitled to purchase a whole number of shares of common stock, rounded down to the nearest whole number a holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase. What is the basic subscription privilege? The basic subscription privilege of each subscription right entitles you to purchase [ ] shares of our common stock at the subscription price of $0.50 per share. 1 Table of Contents What is the oversubscription privilege? If you purchase all of the shares of common stock available to you pursuant to your basic subscription privilege, you may also choose to purchase, subject to limitations and allotment, a portion of our shares of common stock that are not purchased by our other shareholders through the exercise of their respective basic subscription privileges. You should indicate on your rights certificate how many additional shares you would like to purchase pursuant to your oversubscription privilege. We can provide no assurances that you will actually be entitled to purchase any shares of common stock upon the exercise of your oversubscription privilege. However, if sufficient shares of common stock are available, we will seek to honor your oversubscription request in full (subject to the limitations described in this prospectus). If oversubscription requests exceed the number of shares of common stock available for sale in the rights offering, we will allocate the available shares of common stock among shareholders who oversubscribed on a pro rata basis, by multiplying the number of shares requested by each shareholder through the exercise of its oversubscription privilege by a fraction that equals (x) the number of shares available to be issued through oversubscription privileges divided by (y) the total number of shares requested by all shareholders through the exercise of their oversubscription privileges. We will honor oversubscription privilege requests prior to accepting subscriptions in the public offering. In order to properly exercise your oversubscription privilege, you must deliver the subscription payment related to your oversubscription privilege prior to the expiration of the rights offering. Because we will not know the total number of unsubscribed shares prior to the expiration of the rights offering, if you wish to maximize the number of shares you purchase pursuant to your oversubscription privilege, you will need to deliver payment in an amount equal to the aggregate subscription price for the maximum number of shares of our common stock that may be available to you ( i.e. , for the maximum number of shares of our common stock available to you, assuming you exercise all of your basic subscription privilege and are allotted the full amount of your oversubscription as elected by you). For more information, see the section entitled “The Rights Offering — Oversubscription Privilege.” Fractional common shares resulting from the exercise of the oversubscription privilege will be eliminated by rounding down to the nearest whole share, with the total subscription payment being adjusted accordingly. Are there limits on the number of shares of common stock I may purchase in the rights offering? Yes. Unless we otherwise agree in writing, a person or entity, together with related persons or entities, may not exercise subscription rights (including oversubscription privileges) to purchase shares of our common stock that, when aggregated with their existing ownership, would result in such person or entity, together with any related persons or entities, owning 5% or more of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock following the closing of the transactions contemplated by this rights offering, or that would otherwise require regulatory approval. We also reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to limit the number of shares you may purchase pursuant to the oversubscription privilege to four times the aggregate number of shares that you have a right to purchase pursuant to your basic subscription privilege, based on the number of shares of common stock you owned on the record date. Are all holders of common stock entitled to participate in the rights offering? No. Certain of our shareholders, specifically the offerees and purchasers in the Private Placement, have waived their rights to participate in the rights offering. These “Excluded Shareholders” will not receive subscription rights and include our largest shareholder, CapGen Capital Group IV LP (“CapGen”), five affiliates of CapGen (including our two directors, Messrs. Rose and Sullivan) and all of our executive officers and directors. As of the record date, the Excluded Shareholders, in the aggregate, held approximately [ ] shares of our common stock, which represented [ ]% of our common stock as of such date. Although holders of our nonvoting common stock on the record date would also be entitled to receive subscription rights in the same ratio as holders of the common stock, because the outstanding shares of nonvoting 2 Table of Contents common stock are owned entirely by the Excluded Shareholders who waived their rights to participate in this rights offering, such holders will not receive any subscription rights in respect of their shares of nonvoting common stock. How do I exercise my subscription rights? If you wish to participate in the rights offering, you must take the following steps: • deliver payment to the subscription agent; and • deliver your properly completed and signed rights certificate, and any other subscription documents, to the subscription agent. Payments must be made in full in U.S. dollars for the full number of shares for which you are subscribing by: • personal check payable to “Registrar and Transfer Company,” the subscription agent, drawn upon a U.S. bank; • certified check payable to “Registrar and Transfer Company,” drawn upon The Jacksonville Bank; or • wire transfer of immediately available funds to the following escrow account maintained by the subscription agent: BANK NAME: [ ] ABA#: [ ] ACCOUNT NAME: [ ] ESCROW ACCOUNT #: [ ] REFERENCE: [ ] ATTENTION: [ ] Payment will be deemed to have been received by the subscription agent only upon the subscription agent’s (i) receipt and clearance of a personal check drawn upon a U.S. bank, (ii) receipt of a certified check drawn upon The Jacksonville Bank, or (iii) receipt of collected funds via wire transfers in the account designated above. Please note that funds paid by personal check may take up to seven or more business days to clear. Accordingly, if you wish to pay by means of a personal check, we urge you to make payment sufficiently in advance of the expiration date to ensure that the subscription agent receives cleared funds before that time. We also urge you to consider payment by means of a certified check drawn upon The Jacksonville Bank or wire transfer. Please follow the payment and delivery instructions accompanying the rights certificate. Do not deliver documents to Bancorp. As described in this prospectus and in the instructions accompanying the rights certificate, in certain cases additional documentation or medallion guarantees may be required. For more information, see the section entitled “The Rights Offering —Medallion Guarantee May Be Required.” You are solely responsible for completing delivery to the subscription agent of your rights certificate, any other subscription documents and payment. We urge you to allow sufficient time for delivery of your subscription materials to the subscription agent so that they are received by the subscription agent by 5:00 p.m., New York time, on [ ] , 2013. We are not responsible for subscription materials sent directly to our offices. If you send a payment that is insufficient to purchase the number of shares you requested, or if the number of shares you requested is not specified in the forms, the payment received will be applied to exercise your subscription rights to the fullest extent possible based on the amount of the payment received, subject to the availability of shares under the oversubscription privilege, purchase limitations and the elimination of fractional shares. Any excess subscription payments received by the subscription agent will be returned promptly, without interest or penalty, following the expiration of the rights offering. 3 Table of Contents What should I do if I want to participate in the rights offering, but my shares are held in the name of my broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee? If you hold your shares of common stock in the name of a broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee, then your broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee is the record holder of the shares you own. You will not receive a rights certificate. The record holder must exercise the subscription rights on your behalf for the shares of common stock you wish to purchase in the rights offering. If you wish to purchase shares of our common stock through the rights offering, please promptly contact your broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee as record holder of your shares. We will ask your record holder to notify you of the rights offering. However, if you are not contacted by your broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee, you should promptly initiate contact with that intermediary. Your broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee may establish a deadline prior to the 5:00 p.m. New York time on [ ] , which we established as the expiration date of the rights offering, by which you must provide it with your instructions to exercise your subscription rights and pay for your shares. Am I required to exercise all of the rights I receive in the rights offering? No. You may exercise any number of your subscription rights, or you may choose not to exercise any subscription rights. However, if you choose not to exercise your basic subscription privilege in full, the relative percentage of our shares of common stock that you own will decrease, and your voting and other rights will be diluted. In addition, if you do not exercise your basic subscription privilege in full, you will not be entitled to participate in the oversubscription privilege. For more information, see “How many shares of common stock will be outstanding after the rights offering?” in this section. Will our officers, directors and significant shareholders be exercising their subscription rights? Our executive officers, directors and 5% shareholders, as purchasers and/or offerees in the Private Placement, are “Excluded Shareholders” who have waived their rights to participate in the rights offering and will not receive subscription rights. Others officers of Bancorp may participate in this offering at the same subscription price per share as all other purchasers, but none of our officers are obligated to so participate. Has our board of directors made a recommendation to our shareholders regarding the exercise of rights under the rights offering? No. Our board of directors makes no recommendation regarding your exercise of the subscription rights. Shareholders who exercise their subscription rights risk loss on their investment. We cannot assure you that the market price of our common stock will be above the subscription price or that anyone purchasing shares at the subscription price will be able to sell those shares in the future at the same price or a higher price. You are urged to make your decision based on your own assessment of our business and the rights offering. Please see the section entitled “Risk Factors” for a discussion of some of the risks involved in investing in our common stock. Why are we conducting the rights offering? We are conducting the rights offering to provide our shareholders the opportunity to participate in this transaction at the same price (on an as-converted basis) that the investors purchased shares in the Private Placement and to offer our shareholders the opportunity to minimize the dilution of their ownership interest in Bancorp resulting from the Private Placement. Further, we are conducting the rights offering to provide for additional liquidity for working capital and general corporate purposes, mainly for the subsidiary bank. 4 Table of Contents How was the subscription price of $0.50 per share determined? The subscription price was determined by our board of directors. Our board of directors determined the subscription price by considering the value at which shares were sold in the Private Placement, which was determined through negotiations with the investors in the Private Placement, the price at which our shareholders might be willing to participate in the rights offering, recent trading prices for our common stock, and the need to provide an incentive to our shareholders to participate in the rights offering on a pro rata basis. We cannot assure you that the market price for our common stock during the rights offering will be equal to or above the subscription price or that a subscribing owner of rights will be able to sell the shares of common stock purchased in the rights offering at a price equal to or greater than the subscription price. The subscription price does not necessarily bear any relationship to the book value of our assets or our past operations, cash flows, losses, financial condition, net worth or any other established criteria used to value securities. You should not consider the subscription price to be an indication of the value of the common stock to be offered in the rights offering. How soon must I act to exercise my rights? If you received a rights certificate and elect to exercise some or all of your subscription rights, the subscription agent must receive your completed and signed rights certificate and complete payment prior to the expiration of the rights offering, which is [ ] , 2013, at 5:00 p.m., New York time. If you hold your shares in the name of a broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee, your broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee may establish a deadline prior to 5:00 p.m. New York time, on [ ] , 2013 by which you must provide it with your instructions to exercise your subscription rights and pay for your shares. Although we will make reasonable attempts to provide this prospectus to holders of subscription rights, the rights offering and all subscription rights will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York time on [ ] , 2013 (unless extended), whether or not we have been able to locate each person entitled to subscription rights. Although we have the option of extending the expiration of the rights offering, we currently do not intend to do so. May I transfer my rights? No. You may not transfer your subscription rights. Are we requiring a minimum subscription to complete the rights offering? No. There is no minimum subscription requirement in the rights offering. However, our board of directors reserves the right to cancel the rights offering for any reason, including if our board of directors believes that there is insufficient participation by our shareholders. Can the board of directors cancel, amend or extend the rights offering? Yes. We have the option to extend the rights offering and the period for exercising your subscription rights, although we do not presently intend to do so. Our board of directors may cancel the rights offering at any time for any reason. If the rights offering is cancelled, all subscription payments received by the subscription agent will be returned promptly, without interest or penalty. Our board of directors reserves the right to amend or modify the terms of the rights offering at any time, for any reason. When will I receive my subscription rights certificate? Promptly after the date of this prospectus, the subscription agent will send a rights certificate to each registered holder of our common stock as of 5.00 p.m., New York time, on the record date, based on our shareholder registry maintained at the transfer agent for our common stock. If you hold your shares of common stock through a brokerage account, custodian bank, or other nominee, you will not receive an actual rights certificate. Instead, as described in this prospectus, you must instruct your broker, dealer, custodian bank or nominee whether or not to exercise rights on your behalf. 5 Table of Contents What will happen if I choose not to exercise my subscription rights? If you do not exercise any subscription rights, the number of our shares of common stock you own will not change. However, due to the fact that shares may be purchased by other shareholders, your percentage ownership of Bancorp will be diluted after the completion of the rights offering unless you exercise your basic subscription privilege. For more information, see “How many shares of common stock will be outstanding after the rights offering?” in this section. When will I receive my new shares? All shares of our common stock that you purchase in the rights offering will be issued electronically in book-entry (uncertificated) form. If you are a shareholder of record as of the record date and purchase shares in the rights offering by submitting a rights certificate and payment, we will issue your new shares as soon as practicable after the completion of the rights offering, and you will receive confirmation from the subscription agent by mail that your shares were electronically issued. If, as of the record date, your shares were held by a broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee, and you participate in the rights offering, your broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee will be credited with the shares of common stock you purchase in the rights offering as soon as practicable after the completion of the rights offering, and your nominee will credit your account with such shares. Until your shares have been issued in book-entry form or your account is credited with such shares, you may not be able to sell your shares. After I send in my payment and rights certificate, may I change or cancel my exercise of rights? No. All exercises of subscription rights are irrevocable, even if you later learn information that you consider to be unfavorable to the exercise of your subscription rights. You should not exercise your subscription rights unless you are certain that you wish to purchase additional shares of our common stock at a subscription price of $0.50 per share. How many shares of common stock will be outstanding after the rights offering? As of [ ], 2013, [ ] of our shares of common stock were issued and outstanding. Assuming no other transactions by us involving shares of our common stock, no shares of outstanding nonvoting common stock convert into shares of common stock and no options for shares of our common stock are exercised, prior to the expiration of the rights offering, if the rights offering is fully subscribed through the exercise of the subscription rights, then an additional 10,000,000 of our shares of common stock will be issued and outstanding after the closing of the rights offering, for a total of [ ] shares of common stock outstanding. As a result of the rights offering, the ownership interests and voting interests of the existing shareholders that do not fully exercise their basic subscription privileges will be diluted. Are there risks in exercising my subscription rights? Yes. The exercise of your subscription rights involves risks. Exercising your subscription rights involves the purchase of additional shares of common stock and should be considered as carefully as you would consider any other equity investment. Among other things, you should carefully consider the risks described in the section entitled “Risk Factors” in this prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus. If the rights offering is not completed, will my subscription payment be refunded to me? Yes. The subscription agent will hold all funds it receives in an escrow account until completion of the rights offering. If the rights offering is not completed, all subscription payments received by the subscription agent will be returned promptly, without interest or penalty. If you hold shares through a broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee, it may take longer for you to receive payment because the subscription agent will return payments through the record holder of your shares. 6 Table of Contents What fees or charges apply if I purchase the shares of common stock? We are not charging any fee or sales commission to issue subscription rights to you or to issue shares to you if you exercise your subscription rights. If you exercise your subscription rights through your broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee, you are responsible for paying any fees your nominee may charge you. What are the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of exercising my subscription rights? For U.S. federal income tax purposes, you should not recognize income or loss upon receipt or exercise of subscription rights. You should consult your tax advisor as to your particular tax consequences resulting from the rights offering. For a more detailed discussion, see the section entitled “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences.” What if all shares being offered in the rights offering are not sold? If shares of common stock offered by this prospectus remain available for sale after the expiration of the rights offering, we may offer and sell those unsubscribed shares to the public at the $0.50 per share subscription price. The public offering is available only to persons selected by us, in our sole discretion. We intend to engage one or more sales agents on a commission basis to assist in the public offering. All sales agents will act on a “best efforts” basis and will not have any obligation or commitment to sell any dollar amount or number of shares or to acquire any shares for their own account or with a view to their distribution. The public offering period for unsubscribed shares, if any, will commence on the trading day immediately following the expiration date of the rights offering and will expire on the tenth trading day after the expiration of the rights offering, unless we extend it in our sole discretion. However, we will not extend the public offering period beyond [ ]. We reserve the right to accept or reject, in whole or in part, any subscription tendered in the public offering. During the rights offering period, we will permit prospective investors to submit preliminary nonbinding subscriptions to purchase shares of our common stock, if any, that remain available for issuance following the expiration date of the rights offering. The preliminary subscriptions are not binding upon subscribers. For more information, see the section entitled “The Public Offering of Unsubscribed Shares.” Whom should I contact if I have other questions? If you have any questions regarding completing a rights certificate or submitting payment in the rights offering, please contact our subscription agent for the rights offering, Registrar and Transfer Company, at (800) 368-5948 or info@rtco.com . If you have any general questions regarding the rights offering, Bancorp or the Bank, please contact Valerie A. Kendall, our Chief Financial Officer, at (904) 421-3040. For a more complete description of the rights offering, see “The Rights Offering” beginning on page 20. If you have any questions about the public offering of unsubscribed shares, including with respect to submitting subscription agreements or payments in the public offering, please contact Valerie A. Kendall, our Chief Financial Officer, at (904) 421-3040. 7 Table of Contents PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained elsewhere or incorporated by reference into this prospectus. This summary is not complete and may not contain all of the information that you should consider before deciding whether or not you should exercise your rights. You should read the entire prospectus carefully, including the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 12 of this prospectus and all other information included or incorporated herein by reference in this prospectus in its entirety before you decide whether to exercise your rights. Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. (“Bancorp”) is a bank holding company headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida, and was incorporated in the State of Florida on October 24, 1997 for the purpose of organizing The Jacksonville Bank (the “Bank”). Bancorp’s only business is the ownership and operation of the Bank. The Bank is a Florida state-chartered commercial bank, and its deposits are insured by the FDIC. The Bank opened for business on May 28, 1999. On November 16, 2010, Bancorp acquired Atlantic BancGroup, Inc. by merger, and on the same date, Atlantic BancGroup, Inc.’s wholly owned subsidiary, Oceanside Bank, merged with and into the Bank. The Bank has approximately 100 employees and provides a variety of community banking services to businesses and individuals through its eight full-service branches in Jacksonville and Jacksonville Beach, Duval County, Florida, as well as “online banking” through its virtual branch. We provide a variety of competitive commercial and retail community banking services to businesses and individuals in the Jacksonville area, including consumer lending, commercial lending, deposit services, cash management services and residential lending. Our principal executive offices are located at 100 North Laura Street, Suite 1000, Jacksonville, Florida 32202 and our telephone number is (904) 421-3040. Our principal website is www.jaxbank.com. Except for the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus as described under the heading “Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference,” the information and other content contained on our website are not incorporated by reference and do not constitute part of this prospectus and should not be relied upon in connection with making any investment in our securities. Recent Developments On December 31, 2012, Bancorp closed the sale of 50,000 shares of its Mandatorily Convertible, Noncumulative, Nonvoting, Perpetual Preferred Stock (the “Series A Preferred Stock”) to CapGen and 29 other accredited investors in the Private Placement at a purchase price of $1,000 per share. Included in the 50,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock sold in the Private Placement were 5,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued to CapGen in exchange for the 5,000 shares of Bancorp’s Noncumulative, Nonvoting, Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B (the “Series B Preferred Stock”) purchased by CapGen in September 2012 at a purchase price of $1,000 per share. The Private Placement was conducted pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. Additional information about the Private Placement is contained in Bancorp’s reports filed with the SEC and has been incorporated by reference into this prospectus. On February 19, 2013, after receipt of the requisite shareholder approvals, the 50,000 outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock automatically converted into an aggregate of 47,640,000 shares of common stock and 52,360,000 shares of Bancorp’s nonvoting common stock, at a conversion price of $0.50 per share and a conversion rate of 2,000 shares of common stock and/or nonvoting common stock for each outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock. 8 Table of Contents The Rights Offering The following summary describes the principal terms of the rights offering, but is not intended to be complete. See the information in the section entitled “The Rights Offering” in this prospectus for a more detailed description of the terms and conditions of the rights offering. Total number of shares of common stock available in rights offering 10,000,000. Securities offered We are distributing to you, at no charge, one nontransferable subscription right for every share of our common stock that you own as of 5:00 p.m., New York time, on the record date, either as a holder of record or, in the case of shares held of record by brokers, dealers, custodian banks or other nominees on your behalf, as a beneficial owner of such shares. Basic subscription privilege The basic subscription privilege of each subscription right will entitle you to purchase [ ] shares of our common stock at a subscription price of $0.50 per share. We will not issue fractional shares of common stock in the rights offering, and holders will only be entitled to purchase a whole number of shares of common stock, rounded down to the nearest whole number a holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase. Subscription price $0.50 per share. To be effective, any payment related to the exercise of a subscription right must clear prior to the expiration of the rights offering. Oversubscription privilege If you purchase all of the shares of common stock available to you pursuant to your basic subscription privilege, you may also choose to subscribe for shares of our common stock that are not purchased by other holders through the exercise of their basic subscription privileges. You may subscribe for shares of our common stock pursuant to your oversubscription privilege, subject to limitations and allotment. Record date 5:00 p.m., New York time, on [ ], 2013. Expiration date 5:00 p.m., New York time, on [ ], 2013, unless we extend the rights offering period. Use of proceeds Although the actual amount will depend on participation in the rights offering, if the rights offering is fully subscribed, we expect the gross proceeds from the rights offering to be approximately $5 million. We intend to use the proceeds of the rights offering to provide additional liquidity for working capital and general corporate purposes, mainly for the subsidiary bank. No transfer The subscription rights are not transferable. No board recommendation Our board of directors makes no recommendation to you about whether you should exercise any rights. You are urged to make an independent investment decision about whether to exercise your rights based on your own assessment of our business and the rights offering. Please see the section of this prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” for a discussion of some of the risks involved in investing in our common stock. No revocation Any exercise of subscription rights is irrevocable, even if you later learn information that you consider to be unfavorable to the exercise of your rights. You should not exercise your subscription rights unless you are certain that you wish to purchase additional shares of common stock at a subscription price of $0.50 per share. Material U.S. federal income tax considerations For U.S. federal income tax purposes, you should not recognize income or loss upon receipt or exercise of subscription rights. You should consult your own tax advisor as to your particular tax consequences resulting from the rights offering. For a detailed discussion, see “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations.” 9 Table of Contents Extension, cancellation, and amendment We have the option to extend the rights offering and the period for exercising your subscription rights, although we do not presently intend to do so. If we extend the rights offering, we will give oral or written notice to the subscription agent prior to the expiration of the rights offering and will issue a press release announcing such extension no later than 9:00 a.m., New York time, on the next business day after the most recently announced expiration date of the rights offering. Our board of directors may cancel the rights offering at any time for any reason. In the event that the rights offering is cancelled, all subscription payments received by the subscription agent will be returned promptly, without interest or penalty. We also reserve the right to amend or modify the terms of the rights offering. Procedure for exercising rights To exercise your subscription rights, you must take the following steps: • If you are a registered holder of our shares of common stock, you must deliver payment and a properly completed rights certificate to the subscription agent before 5:00 p.m., New York time, on [ ], 2013. You may deliver the documents and payments by mail or commercial carrier. If regular mail is used for this purpose, we recommend using registered mail, properly insured, with return receipt requested. • If you are a beneficial owner of shares that are registered in the name of a broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee, or if you would rather an institution conduct the transaction on your behalf, you should instruct your broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee or to exercise your subscription rights on your behalf and deliver all documents and payments before 5:00 p.m., New York time, on [ ], 2013. Subscription agent Registrar and Transfer Company. Questions If you have any questions regarding completing a rights certificate or submitting payment in the rights offering, please contact our subscription agent for the rights offering, Registrar and Transfer Company, at (800) 368-5948 or info@rtco.com . If you have any general questions regarding the rights offering, Bancorp or the Bank, please contact Valerie A. Kendall, our Chief Financial Officer, at (904) 421-3040. Shares outstanding before the rights offering [ ] shares of common stock as of [ ], 2013. Shares outstanding after completion of the rights offering Assuming that there are no other transactions by us involving shares of our common stock, no shares of outstanding nonvoting common stock convert into shares of common stock, no outstanding options for our common shares are exercised prior to the expiration of the rights offering and the full $5 million is subscribed for in the rights offering, we expect [ ] shares of common stock will be outstanding immediately after completion of the rights offering. Risk factors Shareholders considering exercising their subscription rights should carefully consider the risk factors described in the section of this prospectus entitled “Risk Factors,” beginning on page 12. Fees and expenses We will pay the fees and expenses relating to the rights offering. 10 Table of Contents However, if you exercise your subscription rights through your broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee, you are responsible for paying any fees your nominee may charge you. Unsubscribed shares; Public offering To the extent not all of the shares of common stock offered by this prospectus are purchased through the rights offering, we may offer and sell the unsubscribed shares, at the subscription price of $0.50 per share, through a public offering. This offering would be available only to persons selected by us, in our sole discretion. We reserve the right to reject, in whole or in part, any subscription tendered in the public offering. The public offering period for unsubscribed shares, if any, will commence on the trading day immediately following the expiration date of the rights offering and will expire on the tenth trading day after the expiration of the rights offering, unless we extend it in our sole discretion. However, we will not extend the public offering period beyond [ ]. We intend to engage one or more sales agents on a commission basis to assist in the public offering. All sales agents will act on a “best efforts” basis and will not have any obligation or commitment to sell any dollar amount or number of shares or to acquire any shares for their own account or with a view to their distribution. During the rights offering period, we will permit prospective investors to submit preliminary nonbinding subscriptions to purchase shares of our common stock, if any, that remain available for issuance following the expiration date of the rights offering. The preliminary subscriptions are not binding upon subscribers. See the section of this prospectus entitled “The Public Offering of Unsubscribed Shares.” Nasdaq trading symbol Shares of our common stock are, and we expect that the shares of common stock to be issued in the rights offering and the public offering will be, traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol “JAXB.” The last reported sales price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market on [ ], 2013, the record date, was $[ ]. The subscription rights are not transferable and will not be listed. 11 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the specific risks described below, the risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012 and any risks described in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14, or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, before making an investment decision. See the section of this prospectus entitled “Where You Can Find More Information.” Any of the risks we describe below or in the information incorporated herein by reference could cause our business, financial condition, results of operations or future prospects to be materially adversely affected. The market price of our common stock could decline if one or more of these risks and uncertainties develop into actual events and you could lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or future prospects. Some of the statements in this section of the prospectus are forward-looking statements. For more information about forward-looking statements, please see the section of this prospectus entitled “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” Risks Related to the Rights Offering and the Public Offering This rights offering and the public offering may cause the trading price of our common stock to decrease immediately, and this decrease may continue. The subscription price at which we are selling shares in the rights offering and the public offering is less than the last trading price on the record date. Additionally, the number of shares we propose to issue and ultimately expect to issue if we complete the rights offering and the public offering, may result in an immediate decrease in the market value of the common stock. If the holders of the shares purchased in this offering choose to sell some or all of those shares, the resulting sales could further depress the market price of our common stock. Any rights holder exercising its subscription right takes the risk that no one else will purchase common shares in this rights offering. This is a best efforts, no minimum rights offering being conducted solely by Bancorp. There is no commitment by anyone to exercise its right to purchase any of the common shares being offered. Because there is no minimum number of rights that must be exercised or shares that must be sold in this rights offering, we can provide no assurance regarding the amount of capital we will actually raise in this rights offering. We cannot give any assurance that any or all of the rights will be exercised. Your ownership interest will be diluted if you do not exercise your subscription rights in the rights offering, and a public offering of unsubscribed shares as described in this prospectus will further reduce, the ownership percentage of our current shareholders. To the extent that you do not exercise your subscription rights and shares are purchased by other shareholders in the rights offering, your proportionate voting interest will be reduced, and the percentage that your original shares represent of our expanded equity after the rights offering will be diluted. In addition, if we do not sell all of the shares offered in the rights offering, and offer unsubscribed shares in a public offering, any shares sold in the public offering will dilute the ownership interests of our current shareholders. If you do not act promptly and follow the subscription instructions, your exercise of rights will be rejected. If you desire to purchase shares of our common stock in this rights offering, you must act promptly to ensure that the subscription agent actually receives all required forms and payments before the expiration of this rights offering at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on [ ], 2013. If you are a beneficial owner of shares, you must act promptly to ensure that your broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee acts for you and that the subscription agent receives all required forms and payments before this rights offering expires. We are not responsible if your nominee fails to ensure that the subscription agent receives all required forms and payments before this rights offering expires. If you fail to complete and sign the rights certificate, other required subscription 12 Table of Contents forms, send an incorrect payment amount, or otherwise fail to follow the subscription procedures that apply to the exercise of your rights before this rights offering expires, the subscription agent will reject your subscription or accept it only to the extent of the payment received before the rights offering expires. Neither we nor our subscription agent undertakes any responsibility or action to contact you concerning an incomplete or incorrect subscription form or payment, nor are we under any obligation to correct such forms or payment. We have the sole discretion to determine whether a subscription exercise properly complies with the subscription procedures. You will not be able to sell the common shares you buy in this rights offering until the shares you elect to purchase are issued to you. If you purchase shares in this rights offering by submitting a completed and signed rights certificate and payment, we will issue your shares as soon as practicable following the expiration of this rights offering. If your shares are held by a broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee and you purchase shares, your nominee will be credited with the shares you purchase and your account will be credited by your nominee. Until the common shares you elect to purchase are issued to you, you may not be able to sell your shares even though the common shares issued in this rights offering are expected to be listed for trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market. The stock price may decline between the time you decide to sell your shares and the time you are actually able to sell your shares. Since you cannot revoke the exercise of your subscription rights and the market price of our common stock is volatile and may decline after you elect to exercise the subscription rights, you could be committed to buying shares above the market price of our common stock. The market price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to numerous factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include, among other things, actual or anticipated variations in our costs of doing business, operating results and cash flow, the nature and content of our earnings releases and our competitors’ earnings releases, business conditions in our markets and the general state of the securities markets and the market for other financial stocks, changes in capital markets that affect the perceived availability of capital to companies in our industry, governmental legislation or regulation, currency and exchange rate fluctuations, and general economic and market conditions, such as downturns in our economy and recessions. Your exercise of subscription rights is irrevocable. The market price of our common stock may decline after you elect to exercise your subscription rights. If you exercise your subscription rights and, afterwards, the public trading market price of our common stock decreases below the subscription price, you will have committed to buying shares of our common stock at a price above the prevailing market price and could have an immediate unrealized loss. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the ticker symbol “JAXB,” and the closing sale price of our common stock on [ ], 2013, as reported by the Nasdaq Stock Market, was $[ ] per share. Moreover, following the exercise of your subscription rights you may not be able to sell your common stock at a price equal to or greater than the subscription price. We will not pay you interest on any funds delivered to the subscription agent pursuant to the exercise of subscription rights. The subscription price determined for this rights offering and public offering may not be indicative of the value of our common stock. Our board of directors determined the subscription price of the common stock after reviewing a variety of factors. The subscription price does not necessarily bear any relationship to the book value of our assets or our past operations, cash flows, losses, financial condition, net worth or any other established criteria used to value securities. After the completion of the offerings, you may not be able to dispose of any shares of common stock that you purchase in the offerings at a price at or above the price that you pay in the offerings. The value of our common stock may also be subject to significant fluctuations in response to our future operating results and other factors. Because our management will have broad discretion over the use of the net proceeds from this rights offering, you may not agree with how we use the proceeds, and we may not invest the proceeds successfully. While we currently anticipate that we will use the net proceeds of this rights offering for working capital and general corporate purposes, our management may allocate the proceeds as it deems appropriate. Accordingly, 13 Table of Contents you will be relying on the judgment of our management with regard to the use of the proceeds of this rights offering, and you will not have the opportunity, as part of your investment decision, to influence how the proceeds are being used. Significant sales of subscription rights and our common stock, or the perception that significant sales may occur in the future, could adversely affect the market price for the subscription rights and our common stock. The sale of substantial amounts our common stock could adversely affect the price of these securities. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, and the availability of shares for future sale, including up to 10 million shares of our common stock to be issued in the rights offering and/or the public offering, could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock and could cause the market price of our common stock to remain low for a substantial amount of time. Additionally, Bancorp is contractually obligated to issue equity awards representing 3.5 million shares of common stock to certain of its executive officers, and additional equity awards may also be granted under Bancorp’s stock incentive plan. We cannot foresee the impact of such potential sales on the market, but it is possible that if a significant percentage of such available shares were attempted to be sold within a short period of time, the market for our shares would be adversely affected. It is also unclear whether or not the market for our common stock could absorb a large number of attempted sales in a short period of time, regardless of the price at which they might be offered. Even if a substantial number of sales do not occur within a short period of time, the mere existence of this “market overhang” could have a negative impact on the market for our common stock and our ability to raise additional capital. We may cancel the rights offering at any time, and neither we nor the subscription agent will have any obligation to you except to return your exercise payments. We may, in our sole discretion, decide not to continue with the rights offering or cancel the rights offering. If the rights offering is cancelled, all subscription payments received by the subscription agent will be returned promptly, without interest or penalty. The rights offering does not have a minimum amount of proceeds, which means that if you exercise your rights, you may acquire additional shares of our common stock when we may require additional capital. There is no minimum amount of proceeds required to complete the rights offering. In addition, an exercise of your subscription rights is irrevocable. Therefore, if you exercise the basic subscription privilege or the oversubscription privilege, but we do not raise the desired amount of capital in this rights offering and the rights offering is not fully subscribed, you may be investing in a company that may require additional capital. Risks Related to Our Common Stock We may issue additional shares of capital stock, which may dilute the interests of our shareholders, and may adversely affect the market value of our securities. We are currently authorized to issue up to 400.0 million shares of common stock, 100.0 million shares of nonvoting common stock, and 10.0 million shares of preferred stock, of which [ ] shares, [ ] shares and no shares, respectively, were issued and outstanding as of [ ], 2013. Our board of directors has the authority, and in certain circumstances without shareholder approval, to issue all or part of the authorized but unissued common stock or nonvoting common stock, and to establish the terms of any series of preferred stock. Any authorized but unissued shares could be issued on terms or in circumstances that could dilute the interests of other shareholders, including the book value of each share of our common stock and nonvoting common stock. Our common stock is thinly traded and, therefore, shareholders and investors may have difficulty selling shares. Our common stock is thinly traded, which can be more volatile than stock trading in an active public market. We cannot predict the extent to which an active public market for our common stock will develop or be sustained. As a consequence, there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our shares is minimal or non-existent, and our shareholders may not be able to sell their shares at the volumes, prices, or times that they desire, or at all. 14 Table of Contents We do not anticipate paying dividends for the foreseeable future. We do not anticipate that dividends will be paid on our common stock or nonvoting common stock for the foreseeable future and intend to retain all earnings, if any, to support our business. Future dividend payments will depend on our internal dividend policy, earnings, capital and regulatory requirements, financial condition, and other factors considered relevant by our board of directors. A Florida state-chartered commercial bank may not pay cash dividends that would cause the bank’s capital to fall below the minimum amount required by federal or state law. Accordingly, commercial banks may only pay dividends out of the total of current net profits plus retained net profits of the preceding two years to the extent it deems expedient, except as follows: No bank may pay a dividend at any time that the total of net income for the current year, when combined with retained net income from the preceding two years, produces a loss. The Bank met this restriction in 2012 and 2011 as our net loss for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 combined with retained earnings from the preceding two years produced a loss. The future ability of the Bank to pay dividends to Bancorp will also depend in part on the FDIC capital requirements in effect at such time and our ability to comply with such requirements. The market price of our common stock may be volatile, and if we do not maintain a minimum bid price of $1.00, we may be subject to delisting from the Nasdaq Stock Market. The market price of our common stock is subject to fluctuations as a result of a variety of factors, some of which may be beyond our control. Factors affecting the volatility of the trading price of our common stock include: • quarterly variations in our operating results or those of other banking institutions; • changes in local, regional and national economic conditions, financial markets or the banking industry; • announcements of new products or services by us or our competitors; and • other developments affecting us or other financial institutions. The trading volume of our common stock is limited, which may increase the volatility of the market price for our stock. In addition, the stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations in recent years. This volatility has had a significant effect on the market prices of securities issued by many companies for reasons not necessarily related to the operating performance of these companies. These broad market and industry factors may seriously harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. For example, the trading price of our common stock could decline in reaction to events that negatively affect other companies in our industry even if these events do not directly affect us at all. In the past, many companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be a target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management’s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. In addition, the Nasdaq Stock Market imposes certain standards that a company must satisfy in order to maintain the listing of its securities on the Nasdaq Stock Market. Among other things, these standards require that the bid price of the common stock of listed companies be at least $1.00 per share, which we refer to as the “Minimum Bid Price Rule”. In November 2012, we received notice from the Listing Qualifications staff of the Nasdaq Stock Market stating that we no longer complied with the Minimum Bid Price Rule. Although we regained compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Rule within the applicable grace period, there is no assurance that the bid price of our common stock will remain at or above $1.00 per share, as required by Nasdaq. If we are not able to maintain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Rule, our common stock could be subject to delisting from the Nasdaq Stock Market. Because of the volatility in the closing price of our common stock, and considering the initial conversion price of $0.50 per share for the Series A Preferred Stock issued in the Private Placement, our board of directors sought and received approval from its shareholders to effect a reverse stock split, in the board’s discretion, which may have the effect of increasing the market price of the common stock. However, there can be no assurance that a 15 Table of Contents reverse stock split, or any other measures taken by the board of directors to increase the market price of the common stock, will result in the intended benefits. The market price of our common stock is affected by a variety of other factors, such as our financial results, general market conditions and the market perception of our business, any of which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Accordingly, the total market capitalization of our common stock after a reverse stock split or any similar measures may be lower than the total market capitalization beforehand. Shares of capital stock are not an insured deposit. Shares of our common stock are not a bank deposit and are not insured or guaranteed by the FDIC or any other government agency. Investment in our capital stock is subject to investment risk, which could result in a loss of the entire investment. 16 Table of Contents SELECTED HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION The selected consolidated financial data presented below is derived in part from our consolidated financial statements, and should be read in conjunction with those consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. The information as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 and for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 is derived in part from the audited consolidated financial statements incorporated by reference into this prospectus. The information as of December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 and for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 is derived in part from audited consolidated financial statements that do not appear in this prospectus. The ratios and other data presented are unaudited and have been derived from our records. Information presented for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010 reflect the merger with Atlantic BancGroup, Inc. on November 16, 2010. (dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 2012 (1) 2011 2010 2009 2008 Financial Condition Data: Cash and cash equivalents $ 72,079 $ 9,955 $ 20,297 $ 5,647 $ 10,148 Securities, available-for-sale and held to maturity 83,985 63,140 62,356 22,171 29,734 Loans held-for-sale — — 13,910 — — Loans, net 377,833 449,583 499,696 384,133 374,993 Goodwill — 3,137 12,498 — — Other intangible assets, net 1,260 1,774 2,376 — — All other assets 29,900 33,836 40,700 26,860 19,124 Total assets $ 565,057 $ 561,425 $ 651,833 $ 438,811 $ 433,999 Total deposits 490,021 473,907 562,187 370,635 345,544 Total borrowings 38,466 55,837 34,886 39,777 60,550 Other liabilities 2,994 2,337 2,901 1,131 1,060 Shareholders’ equity 33,576 29,344 51,859 27,268 26,845 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity $ 565,057 $ 561,425 $ 651,833 $ 438,811 $ 433,999 Operations Data: Total interest income $ 26,252 $ 30,744 $ 23,962 $ 23,204 $ 25,563 Total interest expense 5,256 7,016 8,282 9,729 13,560 Net interest income 20,996 23,728 15,680 13,475 12,003 Provision for loan losses 37,994 12,392 16,988 4,361 3,570 Net interest income (loss) (16,998 ) 11,336 (1,308 ) 9,114 8,433 Noninterest income 1,503 1,531 1,174 841 1,178 Noninterest expenses 27,726 30,152 17,124 9,983 9,805 (Loss) income before income tax (benefit) expense (43,221 ) (17,285 ) (17,258 ) (28 ) (194 ) Income tax (benefit) expense (173 ) 6,774 (5,816 ) (104 ) (229 ) Net (loss) income $ (43,048 ) $ (24,059 ) $ (11,442 ) $ 76 $ 35 17 Table of Contents (dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 Per Share Data: Basic (loss) earnings per common share $ (7.31 ) $ (4.09 ) $ (5.07 ) $ 0.04 $ 0.02 Diluted (loss) earnings per common share $ (7.31 ) $ (4.09 ) $ (5.07 ) $ 0.04 $ 0.02 Dividends declared per share — — — — — Total common shares outstanding at end of year 5,890,880 5,889,822 5,888,809 1,749,243 1,748,599 Ratios and Other Data: Return on average assets (7.55 )% (3.93 )% (2.42 )% 0.02 % 0.01 % Return on average equity (188.47 )% (44.53 )% (37.52 )% 0.28 % 0.13 % Average equity to average assets 4.01 % 8.82 % 6.46 % 6.22 % 6.40 % Interest rate spread during the period 3.67 % 3.96 % 3.28 % 2.89 % 2.46 % Net yield on average interest-earning assets 3.86 % 4.19 % 3.52 % 3.23 % 2.97 % Noninterest expenses to average assets 4.87 % 4.92 % 3.62 % 2.30 % 2.33 % Average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities 1.20 1.19 1.13 1.15 1.15 Nonperforming loans and foreclosed assets as a percentage of total assets (2) 5.26 % 9.77 % 6.25 % 2.91 % 2.89 % Allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans (2) 5.07 % 2.82 % 2.55 % 1.75 % 1.24 % Total number of banking offices (3) 8 8 9 5 5 (1) Amounts presented as of and for the year ended December 31, 2012 included the impact of the Private Placement and the asset sale completed on December 31, 2012. (2) Nonperforming loans and total loans exclude amounts classified as loans held-for-sale as of December 31, 2010. (3) Represents banking offices operating as of December 31 st of each year. 18 Table of Contents USE OF PROCEEDS The net proceeds from the sale of the shares of common stock in the offerings will depend upon the number of shares of common stock purchased. Assuming the sale of all the shares of common stock offered in the rights offering at a subscription price of $0.50 per share, the net proceeds will be approximately $4.8 million, after deducting our estimated offering expenses. We expect that the total net proceeds will be used to provide additional liquidity for working capital and for general corporate purposes, mainly for the subsidiary bank. CAPITALIZATION The following table describes capitalization as of December 31, 2012, on an actual basis and as adjusted to give effect to (i) the mandatory conversion of all issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock into 47,640,000 shares of common stock and 52,360,000 shares of nonvoting common stock on February 19, 2013, which we refer to as the “conversion” and (ii) the issuance and sale of 10 million shares of common stock in this offering, net of $0.2 million in estimated offering expenses. The following data should be read in conjunction with the financial information included in this prospectus or incorporated herein by reference, including our historical financial statements and related notes. December 31, 2012 (Dollars in thousands) Actual Pro Forma Conversion ONLY Pro Forma Conversion and Offering Assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 72,079 $ 72,079 $ 76,876 (1) Securities available-for-sale 83,985 83,985 83,985 Net loans 377,833 377,833 377,833 Other assets 31,160 31,160 31,160 Total assets $ 565,057 $ 565,057 $ 569,854 Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity Liabilities: Deposits $ 490,021 $ 490,021 $ 490,021 Borrowings 38,466 38,466 38,466 Other liabilities 2,994 2,994 2,994 Total liabilities 531,481 531,481 531,481 Shareholders’ Equity: Preferred stock, Series A 18,536 — — Preferred stock, Series B — — — Voting common stock 59 535 635 Nonvoting common stock — 524 524 Additional paid-in capital 83,834 132,834 137,531 Retained earnings (deficit) (70,264 ) (101,728 ) (101,728 ) Accumulated other comprehensive income 1,411 1,411 1,411 Total equity 33,576 33,576 38,373 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity $ 565,057 $ 565,057 $ 569,854 Capital Ratios: Consolidated Total capital to risk-weighted assets 13.02 % 13.02 % 14.38 % Tier 1 (Core) capital to risk-weighted assets 10.38 % 10.38 % 12.13 % Tier 1 (core) capital to average assets 7.54 % 7.54 % 8.70 % (1 ) Reflects the net proceeds from the offering of approximately $4.8 million after deducting estimated offering expenses of $0.2 million. 19 Table of Contents DILUTION The table below illustrates the effects of the shares of common stock offered hereby on the net tangible book value per common share. Net tangible book value per common share is determined by subtracting our total liabilities from our total tangible assets, less preferred stock equity (if applicable), and dividing the remainder by the aggregate number of shares of common stock and nonvoting common stock outstanding. Our net tangible book value as of December 31, 2012 was $13.8 million, or $2.34 per common share (based upon 5,890,880 shares of common stock outstanding). On February 19, 2013, all of the outstanding shares of Bancorp’s Series A Preferred Stock were converted into an aggregate of 100 million shares of common stock and nonvoting common stock. The “Pro Forma Conversion Only” column below reflects the effect of the Series A Preferred Stock conversion on the net tangible book value. As adjusted for the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock, our tangible net book value as of December 31, 2012 was $32.3 million, or $0.31 per share (based upon 105,890,880 shares of common stock and nonvoting common stock outstanding). Assuming the aggregate offering amount of 10 million shares is sold, and after deducting estimated offering expenses payable by us of $0.2 million, the estimated net proceeds from the offering will be $4.8 million. Based on the estimated gross proceeds from the offering, and taking into account the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock, our pro forma net tangible book value as of December 31, 2012 would have been approximately $37.1 million, or $0.32 per share. On a per common share basis, this represents an immediate increase in the net tangible book value to existing shareholders of $0.01. Because the subscription price of $0.50 per share of common stock offered hereby is greater than the pro forma net tangible book value per common share after the offering, the purchasers of the common stock in the offering will experience immediate dilution in the net tangible book value per common share in an amount equal to $(0.18). December 31, 2012 Pro Forma Pro Forma (Dollars in thousands) Actual Conversion ONLY Conversion and Offering Net Tangible Book Value Per Common Share: Net tangible book value $ 13,780 (1) $ 32,316 $ 37,113 (2) Total shares outstanding 5,890,880 105,890,880 (3) 115,890,880 (4) Tangible book value per common share $ 2.34 $ 0.31 $ 0.32 (1) Includes the impact of a beneficial conversion feature with an intrinsic value of $0.31 per share for a total discount of $31.5 million recognized because as of December 31, 2012, the date of issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock, the effective conversion price of $0.49 was less than the fair value of Bancorp’s common stock of $0.80 per share. Excluding the impact of the beneficial ownership feature, the tangible book value per common share would be $(3.00). (2) Reflects estimated net proceeds from the offering of $4.8 million. (3) Includes 53,530,880 shares of common stock and 52,360,000 shares of nonvoting common stock. (4) Includes 63,530,880 shares of common stock and 52,360,000 shares of nonvoting common stock. THE RIGHTS OFFERING The Subscription Rights We are distributing, at no charge, to the record holders of our shares of common stock as of [ ], 2013, the record date (other than the Excluded Shareholders), nontransferable subscription rights to purchase shares of our common stock at a subscription price of $0.50 per share. The subscription rights will entitle the holders of our common stock (other than the Excluded Shareholders) to purchase an aggregate of approximately 10 million shares of our common stock. Each eligible holder of record of shares of our common stock will receive one subscription right for each share of common stock owned by such holder as of 5:00 p.m., New York time, on the record date. Each subscription right will entitle the holder to a basic subscription privilege and an oversubscription privilege. We intend to keep the rights offering open until [ ], 2013, unless our board of directors, in its sole discretion, extends the offering. Basic Subscription Privilege With your basic subscription privilege, each right entitles you to purchase [ ] shares of our common stock, upon delivery of the required documents and payment of the subscription price of $0.50 per share, prior to the expiration of the rights offering. You will receive one subscription right for each share of our common stock you owned as of 5:00 p.m., New York time, on the record date. You may exercise all or a portion of your basic subscription privilege; however, if you exercise less than your full basic subscription privilege, you will not be entitled to purchase shares under your oversubscription privilege. 20 Table of Contents We will not issue fractional shares of common stock in the rights offering, and holders will only be entitled to purchase a whole number of shares of common stock, rounded down to the nearest whole number a holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase, with the total subscription payment being adjusted accordingly. Any excess subscription payments received by the subscription agent will be returned promptly, without interest or penalty. Oversubscription Privilege If you purchase all of the shares of our common stock available to you pursuant to your basic subscription privilege, you may also choose to purchase a portion of the shares of our common stock that are not purchased by other shareholders through the exercise of their respective basic subscription privileges, subject to certain limitations and allotment. We can provide no assurances that you will actually be entitled to purchase any shares of common stock upon the exercise of your oversubscription privilege. However, if sufficient shares of common stock are available, we will seek to honor your oversubscription request in full (subject to the limitations described in this prospectus). In order to properly exercise your oversubscription privilege, you must deliver the subscription payment related to your oversubscription privilege prior to the expiration of the rights offering. Because we will not know the total number of unsubscribed shares prior to the expiration of the rights offering, if you wish to maximize the number of shares you purchase pursuant to your oversubscription privilege, you will need to deliver payment in an amount equal to the aggregate subscription price for the maximum number of shares of our common stock that may be available to you ( i.e. , for the maximum number of shares of common stock available to you, assuming you exercise all of your basic subscription privilege and are allotted the full amount of your oversubscription as elected by you). If oversubscription requests exceed the number of shares of common stock available for sale in the rights offering, we will allocate the available shares of common stock among shareholders who oversubscribed on a pro rata basis, by multiplying the number of shares requested by each shareholder through the exercise of its oversubscription privilege by a fraction that equals (x) the number of shares available to be issued through oversubscription privileges divided by (y) the total number of shares requested by all shareholders through the exercise of their oversubscription privileges. By way of example: 10,000 shares remain unsubscribed following the exercise of all of the basic subscription privileges by our shareholders. Two shareholders exercised their basic subscription privileges in full and have each subscribed for additional shares of our common stock pursuant to his oversubscription privilege. Shareholder A has subscribed for an additional 15,000 shares of our common stock. Shareholder B has subscribed for an additional 5,000 shares of our common stock. According to the oversubscription privilege formula above, Shareholder A and B would receive the following: • Shareholder A: 15,000 x (10,000/20,000) = 7,500 shares • Shareholder B: 5,000 x (10,000/20,000) = 2,500 shares We will credit the account of each rights holder with shares of our common stock purchased pursuant to the exercise of the oversubscription right as soon as practicable after the rights offering has expired. We will honor oversubscription privilege requests prior to accepting subscriptions in the public offering. To the extent the aggregate subscription price of the maximum number of unsubscribed shares available to you pursuant to the oversubscription privilege is less than the amount you actually paid in connection with the exercise of the oversubscription privilege, you will be allocated only the number of unsubscribed shares available to you, and any excess subscription payments received by the subscription agent will be returned to you, without interest or deduction, as soon as practicable. To the extent the amount you actually paid in connection with the exercise of the oversubscription privilege is less than the aggregate subscription price of the maximum number of unsubscribed shares available to you pursuant to the oversubscription privilege, you will be allocated the number of unsubscribed shares for which you actually paid in connection with the oversubscription privilege. 21 Table of Contents Limitations on Amount You May Purchase Unless we otherwise agree in writing, you, together with the following persons, may not exercise subscription rights (including the oversubscription privilege) to purchase shares of our common stock which, when aggregated with your existing ownership, would result in you, together with the following persons, owning 5% or more of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock following the closing of the transactions contemplated by this rights offering: • your immediate family, including your spouse, father, mother, stepfather, stepmother, brother, sister, stepbrother, stepsister, son, daughter, stepson, stepdaughter, grandparent, grandson, granddaughter, father-in-law, mother-in-law, brother-in-law, sister-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, and the spouse of any of the foregoing; • companies, partnerships, trusts, or other entities in which you are a trustee, have a controlling beneficial interest or hold a senior management position; or • other persons who may be your associates or persons acting in concert with you. The term “associate” is used above to indicate any of the following relationships with a person: • any corporation or organization, other than the company or a subsidiary thereof, of which a person is a senior officer or partner, or beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10% or more of any class of equity securities of the corporation or organization; • any trust or other estate, if the person has a substantial beneficial interest in the trust or estate or is a trustee or fiduciary of the estate (although a person who has a substantial beneficial interest in one of our tax-qualified or non-tax-qualified employee plans, or who is a trustee or fiduciary of the plan is not an associate of the plan, and our tax-qualified employee plans are not associates of a person); • any person who is related by blood or marriage to such person and who is a director or senior officer of the company or a subsidiary thereof; and • any person acting in concert with the persons or entities specified above. A person or company that acts in concert with another person or company (“other party”) shall also be deemed to be acting in concert with any person or company who is also acting in concert with that other party, except that our tax-qualified employee plan will not be deemed to be acting in concert with its trustee or a person who serves in a similar capacity solely for the purpose of determining whether stock held by the trustee and stock held by the plan will be aggregated. In addition, we will not issue shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of basic subscription privileges or oversubscription privileges to any shareholder who, in our sole opinion, could be required to obtain prior clearance or approval from or submit a notice to any state or federal bank regulatory authority to acquire, own, or control such shares, or if other regulatory approvals may be required. If we elect not to issue shares in such case, such shares will become available to satisfy any oversubscription by other shareholders pursuant to oversubscription privileges. We also reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to limit the number of shares you may purchase pursuant to the oversubscription privilege to four times the aggregate number of shares that you have a right to purchase pursuant to your basic subscription privilege, based on the number of shares of common stock you owned on the record date. 22 Table of Contents Uncertificated Delivery of Shares of Common Stock Acquired in the Rights Offering All shares of our common stock that you purchase in the rights offering will be issued electronically in book-entry (uncertificated) form. If you are a shareholder of record as of the record date and purchase shares in the rights offering by submitting a rights certificate and payment, we will issue the new shares as soon as practicable after the completion of the rights offering, and you will receive confirmation from the subscription agent by mail that your shares were electronically issued. If, as of the record date, your shares were held by a custodian bank, broker, dealer or other nominee, and you participate in the rights offering, your custodian bank, broker, dealer or other nominee will be credited with the shares of common stock you purchase in the rights offering as soon as practicable after the completion of the rights offering, and your nominee will credit your account with such shares. Until your shares have been issued in book-entry form or your account is credited with such shares, you may not be able to sell your shares. Reasons for the Rights Offering We are making the rights offering to provide our shareholders the opportunity to participate in this transaction at the same value (on an as-converted basis) that the investors in the Private Placement purchased shares of convertible Series A Preferred Stock in December 2012, which were subsequently converted into shares of our common stock and nonvoting common stock, and to offer our current shareholders the opportunity to minimize the dilution of their ownership interest in Bancorp resulting from the Private Placement. Also, prior to approving the rights offering, our board of directors considered our current and expected liquidity requirements, our expected results of operations, current market conditions, and business and capital-raising opportunities, as well as the dilution of the ownership percentage of the current holders of our common stock that may be caused by the rights offering if such holders do not exercise their rights in full. After weighing the factors discussed above and the effect of the $5.0 million in additional capital, before expenses, that may be generated by the sale of shares pursuant to the rights offering, our board of directors determined that the rights offering is in the best interests of Bancorp and its shareholders. Although we believe that the rights offering will strengthen our financial condition, the board of directors is not making any recommendation as to whether you should exercise your subscription rights. Effect of Rights Offering on Existing Shareholders The ownership interests and voting interests of the existing shareholders that do not fully exercise their basic subscription privileges will be diluted. Because the Excluded Shareholders have waived their rights to participate in the rights offering and will not receive subscription rights, the rights offering will provide an opportunity for eligible shareholders participating in the rights offering to increase their relative percentage ownership interests and voting interests in Bancorp. Accordingly, the rights offering will also have the effect of diluting the ownership interests and voting interests of the Excluded Shareholders. Method of Exercising Subscription Rights The exercise of subscription rights is irrevocable and may not be cancelled or modified. You may exercise your subscription rights as follows: Subscription by Registered Holders If you are a record holder of our common stock, the number of rights you may exercise pursuant to the basic subscription privilege will be indicated on the rights certificate delivered to you. You may exercise your subscription rights by (i) properly completing and executing the rights certificate and forwarding it to the subscription agent at the address set forth below in this section under the heading “Subscription Agent,” and (ii) delivering your full subscription payment to the subscription agent through the method described below in this section under the heading “Payment Method,” each prior to the expiration of the rights offering. 23 Table of Contents Subscription by DTC Participants We expect that the exercise of your subscription rights may be made through the facilities of DTC. If your subscription rights are held of record through DTC, you may exercise your subscription rights by instructing DTC, or having your broker instruct DTC, to transfer your subscription rights from your account to the account of the subscription agent, together with certification as to the aggregate number of subscription rights you are exercising and the number of shares of our common stock you are subscribing for under your basic subscription privilege and your oversubscription privilege, if any, and by delivering your full subscription payment to the subscription agent. Subscription by Beneficial Owners If you are a beneficial owner of our shares of common stock that are registered in the name of a broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee, you will not receive a rights certificate. Instead, one subscription right will be issued to the nominee record holder for each share of our common stock that you own as of the record date. We will ask your record holder to notify you of the rights offering. If you are not contacted by your broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee, you should promptly contact your broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee in order to subscribe for shares of our common stock in the rights offering. If you hold your shares of our common stock in the name of a broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee, your nominee must exercise the subscription rights on your behalf in accordance with your instructions. Your nominee may establish a deadline that may be before the 5:00 p.m., New York time, [ ], 2013 expiration date we have established for the rights offering, by which you must provide it with your instructions to exercise your subscription rights and pay for your shares. Payment Method Payments must be made in full in U.S. currency by: • personal check payable to “Registrar and Transfer Company,” the subscription agent, drawn upon a U.S. bank; • certified check payable to “Registrar and Transfer Company,” drawn upon The Jacksonville Bank; or • wire transfer of immediately available funds to the following escrow account maintained by the subscription agent: BANK NAME: [ ] ABA#: [ ] ACCOUNT NAME: [ ] ESCROW ACCOUNT #: [ ] REFERENCE: [ ] ATTENTION: [ ] Payment received after the expiration of the rights offering will not be honored, and the subscription agent will return your payment to you, without interest, as soon as practicable. The subscription agent will be deemed to receive payment upon: • receipt by the subscription agent and clearance of a personal check drawn upon a U.S. bank; • receipt by the subscription agent of a certified check drawn upon The Jacksonville Bank; or • receipt of collected funds in the subscription agent’s escrow account. Please note that funds paid by personal check may take up to seven or more business days to clear. Accordingly, if you wish to pay by means of a personal check, we urge you to make payment sufficiently in advance of the expiration date to ensure that the subscription agent receives cleared funds before that time. We also urge you to consider payment by means of a certified check drawn on The Jacksonville Bank or wire transfer. 24 Table of Contents You should read the instruction letter accompanying the rights certificate carefully and strictly follow it. DO NOT SEND RIGHTS CERTIFICATES OR PAYMENTS TO US. We will not consider your subscription received until the subscription agent has received delivery of a properly completed and duly executed rights certificate and payment of the full subscription amount. The risk of delivery of all documents and payments is borne by you or your nominee, not by the subscription agent or us. The method of delivery of rights certificates and payment of the subscription amount to the subscription agent will be at the risk of the holders of subscription rights. If sent by mail, we recommend that you send certificates and payments by overnight courier or by registered mail, properly insured, with return receipt requested, and that a sufficient number of days be allowed to ensure delivery to the subscription agent and clearance of payment prior to the expiration of the rights offering. Medallion Guarantee May Be Required Your signature on each rights certificate must be guaranteed by an “eligible guarantor institution,” as such term is defined in Rule 17Ad-15 of the Exchange Act, subject to any standards and procedures adopted by the subscription agent, unless: • your subscription rights certificate provides that shares are to be delivered to you as record holder of those subscription rights to your address of record, as imprinted on the face of the rights certificate; or • you are an eligible institution. You can obtain a signature guarantee from a financial institution—such as a commercial bank, savings, bank, credit union or broker dealer—that participates in one of the Medallion signature guarantee programs. The three Medallion signature guarantee programs are the following: • Securities Transfer Agents Medallion Program (STAMP) whose participants included more than 7,000 U.S. and Canadian financial institutions. • Stock Exchanges Medallion Program (SEMP) whose participants include the regional stock exchange member firms and clearing and trust companies. • New York Stock Exchange Medallion Signature Program (MSP) whose participants include NYSE member firms. If a financial institution is not a member of a recognized Medallion signature guarantee program, it would not be able to provide signature guarantees. Also, if you are not a customer of a participating financial institution, it is likely the financial institution will not guarantee your signature. Therefore, the best source of a Medallion Guarantee would be a bank, savings and loan association, brokerage firm, or credit union with whom you do business. The participating financial institution will use a Medallion imprint or stamp to guarantee the signature, indicating that the financial institution is a member of a Medallion signature guarantee program and is an acceptable signature guarantor. Missing or Incomplete Subscription Information If you do not indicate the number of subscription rights being exercised, or the subscription agent does not receive the full subscription payment for the number of subscription rights that you indicate are being exercised, then you will be deemed to have exercised the maximum number of subscription rights that may be exercised with the aggregate subscription payment you delivered to the subscription agent. If the subscription agent does not apply your full subscription payment to your purchase of our shares of common stock, any excess subscription payment received by the subscription agent will be returned promptly, without interest or penalty. Expiration Date, Extensions The subscription period, during which you may exercise your subscription rights, expires at 5:00 p.m., New York time, on [ ] , 2013, which is the expiration of the rights offering. If you do not exercise your subscription rights prior to that time, your subscription rights will expire and will no longer be exercisable. We will not be required to issue shares of common stock to you if the subscription agent receives your rights certificate and subscription payment after that time, regardless of when the rights certificate and subscription payment were sent by you. We have the option to extend the rights offering and the period for exercising your subscription rights, although we do not presently intend to do so. We may extend the expiration of the rights offering by giving oral or written notice to the subscription agent prior to the expiration of the rights offering. If we elect to extend the expiration of the rights offering, we will issue a press release announcing such extension no later than 9:00 a.m., New York time, on the next business day after the most recently announced expiration date of the rights offering. We reserve the right to amend or modify the terms of the rights offering. 25 Table of Contents Determination of Subscription Price Our board of directors set all of the terms and conditions of this offering, including the subscription price. The subscription price was set at the same price (on an as-converted basis) as the shares we sold in the Private Placement. Our board of directors determined that the subscription price should be designed to provide an incentive to our current shareholders to exercise their rights in this rights offering. Our board of directors determined the subscription price by considering the value at which shares were sold in the Private Placement, which was determined through negotiations with the investors in the Private Placement, the price at which our shareholders might be willing to participate in the rights offering, recent trading prices for our common stock and the need to provide an incentive to our shareholders to participate in the rights offering on a pro rata basis. We did not seek or obtain any opinion of financial advisors or investment bankers in establishing the subscription price for the offering. You should not consider the subscription price as an indication of the value of Bancorp or our common stock. We cannot assure you that you will be able to sell shares purchased during this offering at a price equal to or greater than the subscription price. On [ ], 2013, the closing price of our common stock was [ ] per share. We urge you to obtain a current quote for our common stock before exercising your subscription rights. Amendment or Cancellation We reserve the right to amend or cancel the rights offering at any time and for any reason. We may cancel the rights offering, in whole or in part, if at any time before completion of the rights offering there is any judgment, order, decree, injunction, statute, law or regulation entered, enacted, amended or held to be applicable to the rights offering that in the sole judgment of our board of directors would or might make the rights offering or its completion, whether in whole or in part, illegal or otherwise restrict or prohibit completion of the rights offering. We may waive any of these conditions and choose to proceed with the rights offering even if one or more of these events occur. If we cancel the rights offering, in whole or in part, all affected subscription rights will expire without value, and all excess subscription payments received by the subscription agent will be returned promptly, without interest or penalty. If we cancel the rights offering, we will issue a press release notifying shareholders of the cancellation, and all subscription payments received by the subscription agent will be returned promptly, without interest or penalty. Subscription Agent The subscription agent for this offering is Registrar and Transfer Company. Subscription documents and rights certificates should delivered to Registrar and Transfer Company as follows: If by mail, to: If by hand or overnight courier, to: P.O. Box 645 Cranford, NJ 07016 10 Commerce Drive Cranford, NJ 07016 You are solely responsible for completing delivery to the subscription agent of your subscription materials. The subscription materials are to be received by the subscription agent on or prior to 5:00 p.m., New York time, on [ ], 2013. We urge you to allow sufficient time for delivery of your subscription materials to the subscription agent. If you deliver subscription materials in a manner different from those described in this prospectus, we may not honor the exercise of your subscription rights. Fees and Expenses We will pay all fees charged by the subscription agent. If you exercise your subscription rights through your broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee, you are responsible for paying any fees your nominee may charge you. Fractional Shares We will not issue fractional shares. Fractional shares of common stock resulting from the exercise of the basic subscription privilege will be eliminated by rounding down to the nearest whole share. 26 Table of Contents Notice to Nominees If you are a broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee holder that holds shares of our common stock for the account of others on the record date, you should notify the beneficial owners of the shares for whom you are the nominee of the rights offering as soon as possible to learn their intentions with respect to exercising their subscription rights. You should obtain instructions from the beneficial owner, as set forth in the instructions we have provided to you for your distribution to beneficial owners. If the beneficial owner so instructs, you should submit subscription information and payment for shares. We expect that the exercise of subscription rights on behalf of beneficial owners may be made through the facilities of DTC. You may exercise individual or aggregate beneficial owner subscription rights by instructing DTC to transfer subscription rights from your account to the account of the subscription agent, together with certification as to the aggregate number of subscription rights exercised and the number of common shares subscribed for under the basic subscription privilege and the oversubscription privilege, if any, and to deliver your full subscription payment to the subscription agent. Beneficial Owners If your shares of common stock are held in the name of a broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee, you are a beneficial owner of our shares of our common stock. Instead of receiving a rights certificate, you will receive your subscription rights through your broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee. We will ask your broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee to notify you of the rights offering. You should contact your broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee if you do not receive information regarding the rights offering, but believe you are entitled to subscription rights. We are not responsible if you do not receive notice by your broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee or if you do not receive notice in time to respond to your nominee by the deadline established by the nominee, which may be prior to 5:00 p.m. New York time, on [ ], 2013. If you wish to exercise your subscription rights, you will need to have your broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee act for you. If you are a record holder of our common stock and received a rights certificate, but would prefer to have your broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee act for you, you should contact your nominee and request it to effect the transaction for you. No Transfer of Subscription Rights You may not sell, or otherwise transfer, your subscription rights. We are not applying for listing of the subscription rights or any exchange or dealer quotation system. Validity of Subscriptions We will resolve all questions regarding the validity and form of the exercise of your subscription rights, including time of receipt and eligibility to participate in the rights offering. In resolving all such questions, we will review the relevant facts, consult with our legal advisors and we may request input from the relevant parties. Our determination will be final and binding. Once made, subscriptions and directions are irrevocable, and we will not accept any alternative, conditional or contingent subscriptions or directions. We reserve the absolute right to reject any subscriptions or directions not properly submitted or the acceptance of which would be unlawful. You must resolve any irregularities in connection with your subscriptions before the subscription period expires, unless waived by us in our sole discretion. Neither we nor the subscription agent shall be under any duty to notify you or your representative of defects in your subscriptions. A subscription will be considered accepted, subject to our right to cancel the rights offering, only when a properly completed and duly executed rights certificate and any other required documents and the full subscription payment have been received by the subscription agent. Our interpretations of the terms and conditions of the rights offering will be final and binding. 27 Table of Contents Escrow Arrangements; Return of Funds The subscription agent will hold funds received in payment for shares of our common stock in a segregated account pending completion of the rights offering. Such funds will be held in escrow until the rights offering is completed or is cancelled. If the rights offering is cancelled for any reason, all subscription payments received by the subscription agent will be returned promptly, without interest or penalty. Shareholder Rights You will have no rights as a holder of our shares of common stock you purchase in the rights offering, if any, until such shares of common stock are issued to you or until your account at your record holder is credited with shares of common stock purchased in the rights offering. You will have no right to revoke your subscriptions once made in accordance with the procedures set forth in this prospectus. No Revocation or Change Once you submit the form of rights certificate to exercise any subscription rights, you are not allowed to revoke or change the exercise or request a refund of monies paid. All exercises of subscription rights are irrevocable, even if you learn information about us that you consider to be unfavorable. You should not exercise your subscription rights unless you are certain that you wish to purchase additional common shares at the subscription price of $0.50 per share. Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences For U.S. federal income tax purposes, you should not recognize income or loss upon receipt or exercise of subscription rights. For a more detailed discussion, see “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences.” Listing Shares of our common stock are, and we expect that the shares of common stock to be issued in the rights offering will be, traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol “JAXB.” The last reported sales price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market on [ ], 2013, the last practicable date before the filing of this prospectus, was $[ ]. We urge you to obtain a current market price for the shares of our common stock before making any determination with respect to the exercise of your rights. Outstanding Shares of Common Stock after the Rights Offering As of [ ], 2013, [ ] of our shares of common stock were issued and outstanding. Assuming no other transactions by us involving shares of our common stock, no shares of outstanding nonvoting common stock convert into shares of common stock and no options for shares of our common stock are exercised, prior to the expiration of the rights offering, if the rights offering is fully subscribed through the exercise of the subscription rights, then an additional 10,000,000 of our shares of common stock will be issued and outstanding after the closing of the rights offering, for a total of [ ] shares of common stock outstanding. As a result of the rights offering, the ownership interests and voting interests of the existing shareholders that do not fully exercise their basic subscription privileges will be diluted. Questions If you have any questions regarding completing a rights certificate or submitting payment in the rights offering, please contact our subscription agent for the rights offering, Registrar and Transfer Company, at (800) 368-5948 or info@rtco.com . If you have any general questions regarding the rights offering, Bancorp or the Bank, please contact Valerie A. Kendall, our Chief Financial Officer, at (904) 421-3040. 28 Table of Contents THE PUBLIC OFFERING OF UNSUBSCRIBED SHARES General To the extent that not all of the shares of our common stock offered by this prospectus are purchased pursuant to the exercise of basic subscription privileges and oversubscription privileges, we may offer and sell the unsubscribed shares of common stock to certain individuals selected by us, in our sole discretion, through a public offering. In the public offering, such investors will have the opportunity to subscribe to purchase shares at $0.50 per share, which is the same as the subscription price in the rights offering. The public offering period for unsubscribed common stock, if offered, will commence on the trading day immediately following the expiration date of the rights offering. We reserve the right to accept or reject, in whole or in part, any subscription tendered in the public offering. We intend to engage one or more sales agents on a commission basis to assist in the public offering. All sales agents will act on a “best efforts” basis and will not have any obligation or commitment to sell any dollar amount or number of shares or to acquire any shares for their own account or with a view to their distribution. Shareholders who purchase our common stock in the rights offering will not have a right to sell their shares in the public offering. This prospectus does not cover any resales of our common stock received by a shareholder upon exercise of any subscription rights, and no person is authorized to make use of this prospectus in connection with any such resale. Shares Available for Sale The only shares that will be offered in the public offering are shares that are not purchased during the rights offering. Therefore, if the rights holders subscribe for all of the shares by exercising their basic subscription privileges and/or their oversubscription privileges, there will be no shares available in the public offering. If we receive subscriptions in the public offering for a total of more than that number of shares of common stock available for sale in the offering period, we may limit the number of shares of common stock sold to any subscriber. As a result, you may not receive any or all of the shares of common stock for which you subscribe. None of our directors or executive officers, or the Excluded Shareholders, will be eligible to participate in the public offering. Acceptance of Nonbinding Subscriptions During Pendency of Rights Offering and Subscription Procedures During the rights offering period, we will permit prospective investors to submit preliminary nonbinding subscriptions to purchase shares of our common stock, if any, that remain available for purchase following the expiration date of the rights offering. Prospective investors should complete, date and sign the preliminary subscription agreement which accompanies this prospectus and return it to [ ] at [ ]. Preliminary subscriptions are NOT binding on subscribers. Please DO NOT send payment for shares of common stock with your preliminary subscription. Upon completion of the rights offering, [ ] will furnish to all persons who previously submitted preliminary subscriptions a prospectus supplement that sets forth the results of the rights offering and the amount of unsubscribed shares of common stock that remain available for purchase, accompanied by an acknowledgement of subscription. Upon receipt of the prospectus supplement and the acknowledgement of subscription, each subscriber will be asked to do the following prior to the expiration date of the public offering: • Complete, sign and date the acknowledgement of subscription and return it to [ ]; and • Deliver in U.S. dollars full payment for the number of shares subscribed for by [ ]. 29 Table of Contents Upon receipt by [ ] of the acknowledgement of subscription and the full subscription price, the preliminary subscription agreement will become binding on and irrevocable by the subscriber until the expiration date of the offering period for the unsubscribed shares. [ ] will hold funds received with an acknowledgement of subscription in a segregated account at [ ]. These funds will be held in escrow until such time as we accept the subscription or until the offering of unsubscribed shares is cancelled. If the offering of unsubscribed shares is cancelled, [ ] will promptly return the subscription payments, without interest. During the public offering period, subscribers who did not previously submit a nonbinding preliminary subscription agreement may submit a definitive subscription agreement, together with payment of the full subscription amount, in order to subscribe for shares in the public offering. We will not consider your subscription received until [ ] has received delivery of a properly completed and duly executed subscription agreement and payment of the full subscription amount through a permissible payment method described above. You and your nominee bear the risk of delivery of all documents and payments and neither we nor [ ] have any responsibility for such deliveries. If sent by mail, we recommend that you send the subscription agreement and/or acknowledgement of subscription and payments by overnight courier or by registered mail, properly insured, with return receipt requested, and that you allow a sufficient number of days to ensure delivery to the subscription agent and clearance of payment prior to the expiration of the public offering. Neither we nor [ ] will honor payment received after the expiration date of the public offering, and in such a case, your payment will be returned to you, without interest or deduction, as soon as practicable. We will resolve any issues relating to whether your subscription is timely and proper, and our determination will be final and binding. If your subscription is defective, we may reject it, waive the defect or allow you to correct it, in our sole discretion. We have no duty to notify you of any defect in your subscription. You are solely responsible for the timely and proper submission of your order form and payment. Limitations on Amount Purchased Unless we otherwise agree in writing, any investor in the public offering, together with related persons or entities, may not purchase shares of our common stock which would result in the investor, together with related persons or entities, owning 5% or more of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. In addition, we will not issue shares of common stock to any new investor who, in our sole opinion, could be required to obtain prior clearance or approval from or submit a notice to any state or federal bank regulatory authority to acquire, own, or control such shares, or if other regulatory approvals may be required. Discretion to Accept Subscriptions We have the right, in our sole discretion, to accept or reject any subscription in whole or in part on or before the expiration date for the unsubscribed shares. As a result, you may not receive any or all of the shares for which you subscribe. [ ] will notify subscribers as soon as practicable following the expiration date of the public offering of unsubscribed shares as to whether and to what extent their subscriptions have been accepted. If we do not accept all or a portion of a subscription, we will return to the subscriber the unaccepted portion of the subscription funds, without interest. 30 Table of Contents Expiration Date and Cancellation Rights The public offering will expire on the tenth trading day following the expiration of the rights offering, unless we extend it in our sole discretion. However, we will not extend the public offering beyond [ ]. We may cancel the public offering of unsubscribed shares at any time for any reason, including following the expiration date. If we cancel the public offering of unsubscribed shares of common stock, we will promptly return all subscription payments, without interest. No Revocation or Change Once you submit (i) the acknowledgement of subscription or a definitive subscription agreement, and (ii) your payment to [ ], you will not be allowed to revoke your subscription or request a refund of monies paid. All acknowledgements of subscriptions and definitive subscription agreements are irrevocable, even if you learn information about us that you consider to be unfavorable. You should not submit an acknowledgement of subscription or a definitive subscription agreement unless you are certain that you wish to purchase shares of our common stock at the subscription price of $0.50 per share. Questions If you have any questions about the public offering of unsubscribed shares, including with respect to submitting subscription agreements or payments in the public offering, please contact Valerie A. Kendall, our Chief Financial Officer, at (904) 421-3040. MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES The following summary describes the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the receipt and exercise (or expiration) of the subscription rights or, if applicable, the oversubscription privilege, acquired through the rights offering and owning and disposing of the shares of common stock received upon exercise of the subscription rights. This summary is based upon the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder and administrative and judicial interpretations thereof, all as currently in effect and all of which are subject to differing interpretations or to change, possibly with retroactive effect. No assurance can be given that the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) would not assert, or that a court would not sustain, a position contrary to any of the tax consequences described below. This summary is for general information only and does not purport to discuss all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be important to a particular holder in light of its particular circumstances or to holders that may be subject to special tax rules, including, but not limited to, partnerships or other pass-through entities, banks and other financial institutions, tax-exempt entities, employee stock ownership plans, certain former citizens or residents of the United States, insurance companies, regulated investment companies, real estate investment trusts, dealers in securities or currencies, brokers, traders in securities that have elected to use the mark-to-market method of accounting, persons holding subscription rights or shares of common stock as part of an integrated transaction, including a “straddle,” “hedge,” “constructive sale” or “conversion transaction,” persons whose functional currency for tax purposes is not the U.S. dollar, and persons subject to the alternative minimum tax provisions of the Code. This summary applies to you only if you are a U.S. holder (as defined below) and receive your subscription rights in the rights offering, and you hold your subscription rights or shares of common stock issued to you upon exercise of the subscription rights or, if applicable, the oversubscription privilege, as capital assets for tax purposes. This summary does not apply to you if you are not a U.S. Holder. We have not sought, and will not seek, a ruling from the IRS regarding the federal income tax consequences of the rights offering or the related share issuances. The following summary does not address the tax consequences of the rights offering or the related share issuance under foreign, state, or local tax laws. You are a U.S. holder if you are a beneficial owner of subscription rights or common stock and you are: • An individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes; • A corporation (or other business entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or under the laws of the United Sates, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; 31 Table of Contents • An estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless of its source; or • A trust (a) if a court within the United States can exercise primary supervision over its administration and one or more U.S. persons are authorized to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (b) that has a valid election in effect under applicable Treasury Regulations to be treated as a U.S. person. If a partnership (including any entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) receives the subscription rights or holds the common stock received upon exercise of the subscription rights or, if applicable, the oversubscription privilege, the tax treatment of a partner in such partnership generally will depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Such a partner or partnership is urged to consult its own tax advisor as to the U.S. federal income tax consequences of receiving and exercising the subscription rights and acquiring, holding or disposing of our common shares. Accordingly, each recipient of rights in the rights offering should consult the recipient’s own tax advisor with respect to the tax consequences of the rights offering and the related share issuances that may result from such recipient’s particular circumstances. Taxation of Subscription Rights Receipt of Subscription Rights Your receipt of subscription rights pursuant to the rights offering should not be treated as a taxable distribution with respect to your existing shares of common stock for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Under Section 305 of the Code, a shareholder who receives a right to acquire shares will, in certain circumstances, be treated as having received a taxable dividend in an amount equal to the value of such right. A common shareholder who receives a right to acquire shares of common stock generally will be treated as having received a taxable dividend if such shareholder’s proportionate interest in the earnings and profits or assets of the corporation is increased and any other shareholder receives a distribution of cash or other property (a “disproportionate distribution”). Although not all shareholders of common stock are entitled to participate in the rights offering, we intend to take the position that the rights offering is not a disproportionate distribution because we believe that there is not a related distribution of cash or property to other shareholders within the meaning of Section 305 of the Code. If the IRS were to successfully challenge our position, shareholders of common stock participating in the rights offering may be treated as receiving distributions equal to the fair market value of the rights, which would be taxable as a dividend to the extent of Bancorp’s current and accumulated earnings and profits, if any, and then as a return of capital to the extent of the holder’s tax basis in the common stock, and thereafter as a capital gain from the sale or exchange of such common stock. The remainder of this summary assumes that the rights offering will not be treated as a disproportionate distribution. For purposes of the above, “shareholder” includes holders of warrants, options and convertible securities. The application of this rule is very complex and subject to uncertainty. We believe, however, that pursuant to Section 305 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations issued thereunder, the receipt of subscription rights should generally not be taxable to a shareholder. Tax Basis in the Subscription Rights If the fair market value of the subscription rights you receive is less than 15% of the fair market value of your existing shares of common stock on the date you receive the subscription rights, the subscription rights will be allocated a zero basis for U.S. federal income tax purposes, unless you elect to allocate your basis in your existing shares of common stock between your existing shares of common stock and the subscription rights in proportion to the relative fair market values of the existing shares of common stock and the subscription rights determined on the date of receipt of the subscription rights. If you choose to allocate basis between your existing shares of common stock and the subscription rights, you must make this election on a statement included with your tax return for the taxable year in which you receive the subscription rights. Such an election is irrevocable. However, if the fair market value of the subscription rights you receive is 15% or more of the fair market value of your existing shares of common stock on the date you receive the subscription rights, then you must allocate your basis in your existing shares of common stock between your existing shares of common stock and the subscription rights you receive in proportion to their fair market values determined on the date you receive the subscription rights. The fair market value of the subscription rights on the date the subscription rights will be distributed is uncertain. In determining the fair market value of the subscription rights, you should consider all relevant facts and circumstances, including the trading price thereof. 32 Table of Contents Exercise of Subscription Rights Generally, you will not recognize gain or loss on the exercise of a subscription right. Your tax basis in a new share of common stock acquired when you exercise a subscription right will be equal to your adjusted tax basis in the subscription right, if any, plus the subscription price. The holding period of a share of common stock acquired when you exercise your subscription rights will begin on the date of exercise. Expiration of Subscription Rights If you allow subscription rights received in the rights offering to expire, you should not recognize any gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and you should re-allocate any portion of the tax basis in your existing shares of common stock previously allocated to the subscription rights that have expired to the existing shares of common stock. Taxation of Shares of Common Stock Distributions Distributions with respect to shares of common stock acquired upon exercise of subscription rights will be taxable as dividend income when actually or constructively received to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Subject to the discussion of the additional 3.8% tax on net investment income, below, dividends received by noncorporate shareholders of common stock in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2012, are taxed at the shareholder’s capital gain tax rate (a maximum rate of 20%), provided that the shareholder meets applicable holding period and other requirements. To the extent that the amount of a distribution exceeds our current and accumulated earnings and profits, such distribution will be treated first as a tax-free return of capital to the extent of your adjusted tax basis in such shares of common stock and thereafter as capital gain. We currently do not make any cash distributions on our shares of common stock. Dispositions If you sell or otherwise dispose of the shares of common stock acquired upon exercise of the subscription rights, you will generally recognize capital gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realized and your adjusted tax basis in the shares of common stock. Such capital gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or loss if your holding period for the shares of common stock is more than one year. Long-term capital gain of an individual is generally taxed at favorable rates (currently a maximum rate of 20% for individuals for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2012). Long-term capital gains recognized by corporations are taxable at ordinary corporate tax rates. If you have held your shares common stock for one year or less, your capital gain or loss will be short-term. Short-term capital gains are taxed at a maximum rate equal to the maximum rate applicable to ordinary income. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. New Legislation Relating to Foreign Accounts Newly enacted legislation may impose withholding taxes on certain types of payments made to “foreign financial institutions” and certain other non-U.S. entities after December 31, 2012. The legislation imposes a 30% withholding tax on dividends on, or gross proceeds from the sale or other disposition of, our common stock paid to a foreign financial institution unless the foreign financial institution enters into an agreement with the U.S. Treasury to, among other things, undertake to identify accounts held by certain U.S. persons or U.S.-owned foreign entities, annually report certain information about such accounts and withhold 30% on payments to account holders whose actions prevent it from complying with these reporting and other requirements. In addition, the legislation imposes a 30% withholding tax on the same types of payments to a foreign non-financial entity unless the entity certifies that it does not have any substantial U.S. owners or furnishes identifying information regarding each substantial U.S. owner. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding this legislation. 33 Table of Contents Health Care and Reconciliation Act of 2010 On March 30, 2010, President Obama signed into law the Health Care and Reconciliation Act of 2010, which requires certain U.S. shareholders who are individuals, estates or trusts to pay a 3.8% tax on net investment income, which includes, among other things, dividends on and capital gains from the sale or other disposition of stock for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2012. More specifically, the 3.8% tax applies to the lesser of (i) “net investment income” and (ii) the excess of “modified adjusted gross income” over $200,000 ($250,000 if married and filing jointly or $125,000 if married and filing separately). “Net investment income” generally equals the taxpayer’s gross investment income reduced by the deductions that are attributable to such income. U.S. shareholders should consult their tax advisors regarding the effect, if any, of this legislation on their ownership and disposition of our common stock. Information Reporting and Backup Withholding You may be subject to information reporting and/or backup withholding with respect to dividend payments on or the gross proceeds from the disposition of our common stock acquired through the exercise of subscription rights. Backup withholding may apply under certain circumstances if you (1) fail to furnish your social security or other taxpayer identification number (“TIN”), (2) furnish an incorrect TIN, (3) fail to report interest or dividends properly, or (4) fail to provide a certified statement, signed under penalty of perjury, that the TIN provided is correct, that you are not subject to backup withholding and that you are a U.S. person. Any amount withheld from a payment under the backup withholding rules is allowable as a credit against (and may entitle you to a refund with respect to) your U.S. federal income tax liability, provided that the required information is furnished to the IRS. Certain persons are exempt from backup withholding, including corporations and financial institutions. You are urged to consult your own tax advisor as to your qualification for exemption from backup withholding and the procedure for obtaining such exemption. 34 Table of Contents MARKET PRICE OF COMMON STOCK AND DIVIDEND POLICY Trading Prices Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol “JAXB.” The following table shows the high and low sale prices of our common stock for the first quarter of 2013 and each quarter of 2012 and 2011. The market prices set forth below may not be indicative of the future value of our common stock. Year Quarter High Low 2013 First $ 3.60 $ 0.81 Second (through April 23, 2013) $ 1.59 $ 0.53 2012 First $ 3.65 $ 2.79 Second $ 3.42 $ 1.26 Third $ 1.69 $ 0.92 Fourth $ 1.10 $ 0.75 2011 First $ 7.40 $ 6.49 Second $ 6.99 $ 6.00 Third $ 6.59 $ 3.95 Fourth $ 4.89 $ 2.90 On [ ], 2013 , the last practicable date before the filing of this prospectus, the reported sales price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market was $ [ ] per share. As of [ ], 2013, we had [ ] outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, held by approximately [ ] registered shareholders of record and [ ] outstanding shares of nonvoting common stock, par value $0.01 per share, held by [ ] registered shareholders of record. Dividend Policy It is our policy to reinvest earnings for such period of time as is necessary to ensure its successful operations. Historically we have not paid dividends and there are no current plans to initiate payment of cash dividends. Future dividend policy will depend on our earnings, capital and regulatory requirements, financial condition, and other factors considered relevant by our board of directors. Further, we cannot currently pay dividends on our capital stock under applicable Federal Reserve policies. Under Federal Reserve policy, the board of directors of a bank holding company must consider different factors to ensure that its dividend level is prudent relative to maintaining a strong financial position, and is not based on overly optimistic earnings scenarios, such as potential events that could affect its ability to pay dividends, while still maintaining a strong financial position. As a general matter, the Federal Reserve has indicated that the board of directors of a bank holding company should consult with the Federal Reserve and eliminate, defer or significantly reduce the bank holding company’s dividends if: • its net income available to shareholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends; • its prospective rate of earnings retention is not consistent with its capital needs and overall current and prospective financial condition; or • it will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, its minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. 35 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK The following is a summary of the material terms of our capital stock. You are strongly encouraged, however, to read our amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, each as amended to date, and other agreements relating to our capital stock, copies of which we have filed with the SEC and are available from us upon request. General The following description of our capital stock and provisions of our amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws are summaries and are qualified by reference to the entire text of such documents, copies of which have been filed with the SEC. Our authorized capital stock consists of (i) 400,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of which [ ] shares were outstanding on [ ], 2013, held by [ ] holders of record, (ii) 100,000,000 shares of nonvoting common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of which [ ] shares were outstanding on [ ], 2013, held by [ ] holders of record, and (iii) 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, of which (x) 50,000 shares have been designated as Mandatorily Convertible, Noncumulative, Nonvoting, Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A (the “Series A Preferred Stock”), no shares of which are currently outstanding, and (y) 5,000 shares have been designated as Noncumulative, Nonvoting, Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B (the “Series B Preferred Stock”), no shares of which are currently outstanding. Common Stock The holders of common stock are entitled to elect the members of our board of directors and such holders are entitled to vote as a class on all required or permitted to be submitted to Bancorp’s shareholders. No holder of common stock has preemptive rights with respect to the issuance of shares of common stock or any other securities (other than the limited contractual preemptive rights of certain investors in the Private Placement). There are no cumulative voting rights with respect to the election of directors. Subject to the prior rights of the holders of shares of preferred stock that may be issued and outstanding, the holders of common stock are entitled to dividends and other distributions when, as and if declared by our board of directors out of assets legally available therefor. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Bancorp, the holder of each share of common stock will be entitled to share equally in the distribution of Bancorp’s assets. The holders of common stock are not entitled to the benefit of any sinking fund provision. The shares of common stock are not subject to any conversion rights or redemption or sinking fund redemption provisions. Nonvoting Common Stock Other than voting rights, the nonvoting common stock has the same rights and privileges as the common stock, including sharing ratably in all assets of Bancorp upon its liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, and entitlement to receive dividends in the same amount per share and at the same time when, as and if declared by the board of directors, and is identical to the common stock in all other respects as to all other matters (other than voting). Holders of nonvoting common stock have no cumulative voting rights or preemptive rights (other than the limited contractual preemptive rights of certain investors in the Private Placement) to purchase or subscribe for any additional shares of nonvoting common stock or any other securities, and there are no conversion rights or redemption or sinking fund provisions with respect to the nonvoting common stock. Holders of nonvoting common stock are not entitled to vote except as required by the Florida Business Corporation Act. Where the shares of nonvoting common stock are entitled to vote under Florida law, each holder of nonvoting common stock will have one vote for each share of nonvoting common stock held of record solely on the matters to which such shares are entitled to vote, and subject to the rights and limitations specified by the Florida Business Corporation Act. 36 Table of Contents Each share of nonvoting common stock will automatically convert into one share of common stock in the event of a “permitted transfer” to a transferee. A “permitted transfer” is a transfer of nonvoting common stock (i) in a widespread public distribution, (ii) in which no transferee (or group of associated transferees) would receive 2% or more of any class of voting securities of Bancorp, or (iii) to a transferee that would control more than 50% of the voting securities of Bancorp without any transfer from such holder of nonvoting common stock. Subject to the prior rights of the holders of shares of preferred stock that may be issued and outstanding, the holders of nonvoting common stock are entitled to receive dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds lawfully available for the payment of dividends. Preferred Stock Our board of directors has the authority to issue preferred stock in one or more series and to fix and determine the designations, voting powers, preferences and rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of each such series without any further vote or action by the shareholders. The issuance of preferred stock with voting rights superior to the common stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control in us without further action by the shareholders and may adversely affect the voting and other rights of the holders of common stock. Series A Preferred Stock We are authorized to issue up to 50,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, none of which are issued and outstanding. The Series A Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share and ranks senior to our common stock and equally with the Series B Preferred Stock. Holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock (if any) are entitled to receive, when and if declared by our board of directors, dividends at a rate equal to 5% per share per annum of the liquidation amount of $1,000 (equivalent to $50.00 per share per annum). On February 19, 2013, the previously outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock mandatorily converted, pursuant to their terms, into shares of our common stock and nonvoting common stock at a conversion price of $0.50 per share and a conversion ratio of 2,000 shares of common stock and/or nonvoting common stock for each outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock. Series B Preferred Stock We are authorized to issue up to 5,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock, none of which are issued and outstanding. The Series B Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share and ranks senior to our common stock and equally with the Series A Preferred Stock. Holders of shares of Series B Preferred Stock (if any) are entitled to receive, when and if declared by our board of directors, dividends at a rate equal to 10% per share per annum of the Series B liquidation amount of $1,000 (equivalent to $100 per share per annum). Transfer Agent and Registrar The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Registrar and Transfer Company and its telephone number is (800) 866-1340. Nasdaq Stock Market Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol “JAXB.” No other classes of our securities are listed on an exchange or dealer quotation system. 37 Table of Contents Anti-Takeover Provisions Our amended and restated articles include some provisions that may have the effect of discouraging persons from pursuing non-negotiated takeover attempts. These provisions include: • the board’s authority to designate the rights and preferences of, and issue one or more series of, blank check preferred stock without shareholder approval; • advance notification of shareholder approvals; and • a classified board of directors until 2016. Undesignated Preferred Stock Our amended and restated articles of incorporation confer on our board of directors the power to authorize undesignated or “blank check” preferred stock, which allows our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire us. These and other provisions of our charter documents may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying or preventing changes in the control or the management of our company. Advance Notification of Shareholder Proposals Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that shareholders seeking to present proposals before an annual meeting of shareholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at an annual meeting of shareholders must provide advance notice thereof in writing, and also specify requirements as to the form, content and timing of such advance notice. Although our amended and restated articles of incorporation do not give our board of directors the power to approve or disapprove shareholder nominations of candidates or proposals regarding other business to be conducted at an annual meeting of shareholders, our amended and restated bylaws may have the effect of precluding the conduct of some business at an annual meeting of shareholders if the proper procedures are not followed. Classified Board of Directors Through 2016 Annual Meeting Through our 2013 annual meeting of shareholders, our board of directors was classified into three classes, with each class of directors being elected for a three-year term. As amended on April 23, 2013, our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide for the phase-out of our classified board through the 2016 annual meeting of our shareholders, at which point our classified board structure will be completely phased-out. Accordingly, the directors to be elected at the 2014 annual meeting of shareholders will be elected to serve a two-year term, and the directors to be elected at the 2015 annual meeting of shareholders will be elected to serve a one-year term. At the 2016 annual meeting of shareholders and at each meeting of shareholders thereafter, all directors will be elected annually. The current classification of our board of directors has the effect of making it more difficult for shareholders to change the composition of our board of directors. At least two annual meetings of shareholders, instead of one, will generally be required to effect a change in a majority of our board of directors. Such a delay may help ensure that our directors, if confronted by a holder attempting to force a proxy contest, a tender or exchange offer, or an extraordinary corporate transaction, would have sufficient time to review the proposal as well as any available alternatives to the proposal and to act in what they believe to be the best interests of our shareholders. The classification provisions in effect through the 2016 annual meeting of shareholders apply to an election of directors, however, regardless of whether a change in the composition of our board of directors would be beneficial to us and our shareholders and whether or not a majority of our shareholders believe that such a change would be desirable. The current classification of our board of directors could also have the effect of discouraging a third party from initiating a proxy contest, making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us, even though such an attempt might be beneficial to us and our shareholders. The classification of our board of directors could thus increase the likelihood that incumbent directors will retain their positions. In addition, because the classification of our board of directors may discourage accumulations of large blocks of our stock by purchasers whose objective is to take control of us and remove a majority of our board of directors, the classification of our board of directors could tend to reduce the likelihood of fluctuations in the market price of our common stock that might result from accumulations of large blocks of our common stock for such a purpose. Accordingly, our shareholders could be deprived of certain opportunities to sell their shares at a higher market price than might otherwise be the case. 38 Table of Contents Anti-Takeover Provisions under Florida Law We are not subject to the statutory anti-takeover provisions under Florida law because in our amended and restated articles of incorporation, we have specifically elected to opt out of both the “control-share acquisitions” (Fla. Stat. § 607.0902) and the “affiliated transactions” (Fla. Stat. § 607.0901) statutes. Since these anti-takeover statutes do not apply to a corporation that has specifically elected to opt out of such provisions, we would not be able to invoke the protection of such statutes in the event of a hostile takeover attempt. 39 Table of Contents PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION On or about [ ], 2013, we intend to issue subscription rights, and distribute the rights certificates and copies of this prospectus to individuals who owned shares of common stock on [ ], 2013 (other than the Excluded Shareholders). Upon completion of the rights offering, we intend to issue shares of our common stock directly to those persons who properly exercised their subscription rights prior to the expiration of the rights offering. To the extent not all of the shares of common stock offered by this prospectus are purchased through the rights offering, we may offer and sell the unsubscribed shares to certain individuals identified by us, in our sole discretion, through a public offering. During the rights offering period, we will permit prospective investors to submit preliminary nonbinding subscriptions to purchase shares of our common stock, if any, that remain available for issuance following the expiration date of the rights offering, and after determining the number of unsubscribed shares remaining after the rights offering, we intend to accept such subscriptions. We intend to engage one or more sales agents on a commission basis to assist in the public offering. All sales agents will act on a “best efforts” basis and will not have any obligation or commitment to sell any dollar amount or number of shares or to acquire any shares for their own account or with a view to their distribution. Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol “JAXB.” The company is not applying for listing of the subscription rights on any exchange or dealer quotation system. Certain of our employees, officers or directors may solicit responses from you to the rights offering, but such individuals will not receive any commissions or compensation for such services other than their normal employment compensation. Our employees, officers and directors will rely on the safe harbor from broker-dealer registration set out in Rule 3a4-1 under the Exchange Act. We have not agreed to enter into any standby or other arrangements to purchase any shares of our common stock not subscribed for through the basic subscription privilege or the oversubscription privilege. In addition, we have not entered into any agreements regarding stabilization activities with respect to our securities. We will pay the fees and out-of-pocket expenses of Registrar and Transfer Company, the subscription agent, which are estimated to be approximately $30,000. We will also indemnify the subscription agent for any losses except to the extent caused by its negligence or intentional misconduct. We will pay the fees of any sales agents engaged to assist with the public offering. Other than the agreement with the subscription agent, as described herein, we do not know of any existing agreements between or among any shareholder, broker, dealer, underwriter, or agent relating to the sale or distribution of the common stock in connection with this rights offering or the public offering. For more information, see the section of this prospectus entitled “The Rights Offering.” If you have any questions regarding completing a rights certificate or submitting payment in the rights offering, please contact our subscription agent for the rights offering, Registrar and Transfer Company, at (800) 368-5948 or info@rtco.com . If you have any general questions regarding the rights offering, Bancorp or the Bank, please contact Valerie A. Kendall, our Chief Financial Officer, at (904) 421-3040. If you have any questions about the public offering of unsubscribed shares, including with respect to submitting subscription agreements or payments in the public offering, please contact Valerie A. Kendall, our Chief Financial Officer, at (904) 421-3040. 40 Table of Contents WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Our SEC filings, including the registration statement and exhibits, are available to the public at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. You may also read and copy any document we file at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at (800) SEC-0330 for information on the operating rules and procedures for the public reference room. We maintain an Internet website at www.jaxbank.com, where copies of our SEC filings are also available. We have not incorporated by reference into this prospectus the information on our website, and you should not consider it to be a part of this prospectus. This prospectus does not contain all of the information included in the registration statement. We have omitted certain parts of the registration statement in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. For further information, we refer you to the registration statement, including its exhibits and schedules, which may be found at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Statements contained in this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement about the provisions or contents of any contract, agreement or any other document referred to are not necessarily complete. Please refer to the actual exhibit for a more complete description of the matters involved. If you have any questions regarding completing a rights certificate or submitting payment in the rights offering, please contact our subscription agent for the rights offering, Registrar and Transfer Company, at (800) 368-5948 or info@rtco.com . If you have any general questions regarding the rights offering, Bancorp or the Bank, please contact Valerie A. Kendall, our Chief Financial Officer, at (904) 421-3040. If you have any questions about the public offering of unsubscribed shares, including with respect to submitting subscription agreements or payments in the public offering, please contact Valerie A. Kendall, our Chief Financial Officer, at (904) 421-3040. INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” into this prospectus certain information that we file with the SEC. This means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to another document that we filed separately with the SEC. The information incorporated by reference is deemed to be part of this prospectus, except for any information superseded by information in this prospectus. You should read the information incorporated by reference because it is an important part of this prospectus. We incorporate by reference the following documents that we have filed with the SEC (but we do not incorporate by reference any documents or portions of documents that we furnish to, or are otherwise not deemed filed with, the SEC): 1. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012, filed with the SEC on March 26, 2013, File No. 000-30248. 2. Our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 3, 2013, File No. 000-30248 (Items 1.01, 2.01, 3.02, 3.03, 5.02, 5.03 and 9.01). 3. Our Current Report on Form 8-K/A, filed with the SEC on January 24, 2013, File No. 000-30248 (Items 1.01, 2.01, 3.02, 3.03, 5.02, 5.03 and 9.01). 4. Our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 25, 2013, File No. 000-30248 (Item 3.01). 41 Table of Contents 5. Our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 20, 2013, File No. 000-30248 (Items 5.03, 5.07, 8.01 and 9.01). 6. Our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 24, 2013, File No. 000-30248 (Items 5.03, 5.07, 8.01 and 9.01). 7. Our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on February 5, 2013, File No. 000-30248. 8. Our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on March 29, 2013, File No. 000-30248. 9. The description of our Common Stock contained in our Registration Statement on Form 8-A, filed with the SEC on February 19, 1999, File No. 000-30248. We will deliver without charge to each person to whom this prospectus is delivered, including any beneficial owner, upon written or oral request of such person, a copy of any or all of the documents referred to above which may have been or may be incorporated by reference into this prospectus. Requests for any of these documents should be made in writing or orally and should be directed to: Corporate Secretary, Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., 100 North Laura Street, Suite 1000, Jacksonville, Florida 32202, (904) 421-3040. Our SEC filings, including the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part and the documents incorporated by reference that are listed above, are also available from the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov or on our website at www.jaxbank.com. The information contained on our website is not deemed a part of this prospectus. You should rely only on the information in our prospectus, any prospectus supplement, any applicable free writing prospectus and the documents that are incorporated by reference. We have not authorized anyone else to provide you with different information. We are not offering these securities in any state where the offering is prohibited by law. You should not assume that the information in this prospectus, any prospectus supplement, any applicable free writing prospectus or any incorporated document is accurate as of any date other than the date of the document. LEGAL MATTERS Certain legal matters in connection with any offering of securities made by this prospectus will be passed upon for us by McGuireWoods LLP. EXPERTS The financial statements incorporated in this prospectus by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 have been so incorporated in reliance on the report of Crowe Horwath LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, given on the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting. DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. In addition, indemnification may be limited by state securities laws. 42 Table of Contents PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. The following table sets forth an estimate of the fees and expenses relating to the offering of the securities being registered hereby, all of which shall be borne by Bancorp. All of such fees and expenses, except for the SEC registration fee, are estimated: SEC registration fee $ 682 Legal fees and expenses* 110,000 Printing fees and expenses* 40,000 Accounting fees and expenses* 20,000 Subscription agent fees and expenses* 30,000 Miscellaneous fees and expenses* 2,000 Total $ 202,682 * Estimated Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers. The Florida Business Corporation Act (the “FBCA”) authorizes a company to indemnify its directors and officers in certain instances against certain liabilities that they may incur by virtue of their relationship with the company. A company may indemnify any director, officer, employee or agent against judgments, fines, penalties, amounts paid in settlement, and expenses incurred in any pending, threatened or completed civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative proceeding (except an action by, or in the right of, the company) against him in his capacity as a director, officer, employee, or agent of the company, or another company if serving in such capacity at the company’s request if he (i) acted in good faith; (ii) acted in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the company; and (iii) with respect to a criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. Furthermore, a company may indemnify any director, officer, agent or employee against expenses incurred in defense or settlement of any proceeding brought by the company against him in his capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent of the company, or another company if serving in such capacity at the company’s request, if he: (i) acted in good faith; (ii) acted in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the company; and (iii) is not adjudged to be liable to the company (unless the court finds that, in view of all circumstances of the case, he is nevertheless entitled to indemnity for expenses which the court deems proper). A company must repay the expenses of any director, officer, employee or agent who is successful on the merits of an action against him in his capacity as such. A Florida company is authorized to make any other or further indemnification or advancement of expenses of any of its directors, officers, employees, or agents, except for acts or omissions which constitute (i) a violation of the criminal law (unless the individual had reasonable cause to believe his conduct was lawful or no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful); (ii) a transaction in which the individual derived an improper personal benefit; (iii) in the case of a director, a circumstance under which certain liability provisions of the FBCA are applicable (related to payment of dividends or other distributions or repurchases of shares in violation of such Act); or (iv) willful misconduct or a conscious disregard for the best interests of the company in a proceeding by or in the right of the company, or a company shareholder. A Florida company is also authorized to purchase and maintain liability insurance for those who are or were directors, officers, employees and agents. Under our amended and restated bylaws, as amended (“Bylaws”), we will indemnify any director or any officer elected by our board of directors (and may indemnify any other officer or any employee or agent of ours) who was or is a party to any proceeding (except an action by, or in the right of, Bancorp) by reason of the fact that such person is or was our director, officer, employee or agent, or is or was serving at our request as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against liability incurred in connection with such proceeding, including any appeal thereof, if such person (i) acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the company’s best II-1 Table of Contents interests, and (ii) with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. The termination of any proceeding by judgment, order, settlement or conviction or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner that such person reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, our best interests, or, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. Under our Bylaws, we will indemnify any director or any officer elected by our board of directors (and may indemnify any other officer or any employee or agent of ours) who was or is a party to any proceeding by or in the right of Bancorp to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact such person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent, or is or was serving at our request as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses and amounts paid in settlement not exceeding, in the judgment of the board of directors, the estimated expense of investigating, litigating or otherwise bringing the proceeding to conclusion, actually and reasonably incurred in connection with the defense or settlement of such proceeding, including any appeal thereof, if such person acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, our best interests, except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable unless and only to the extent that the court in which such proceeding was brought, or any other court of competent jurisdiction, shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses that such court shall deem proper. We have the power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the company, or is or was serving at the request of the company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such person’s status as such, whether or not we would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability. Expenses incurred by a director of the company or any officer elected by our board of directors in defending a civil or criminal proceeding shall be paid by us in advance of the final disposition of such proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if such person is not ultimately entitled to be authorized and indemnified by us. Such expenses incurred by other of our officers, employees or agents may, at the discretion of our board of directors, be paid in advance upon such terms or conditions, including receipt of the undertaking to repay as described above, as our board of directors deems appropriate. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by our Bylaws shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled, and we may make any other or further indemnification or advancement of expenses of any of our directors, officers, employees or agents, under any bylaw, agreement, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action by such a director, officer, employee or agent in such person’s official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office or position; provided, however , that indemnification shall not be made to or on behalf of, and any advancement of expenses shall be repaid by, any director, officer, employee or agent for expenses, penalties or other payments incurred in an administrative proceeding or action instituted by an appropriate regulatory agency, if the proceeding or action results in a final order assessing civil money penalties or requiring affirmative action by an individual or individuals in the form of payments to us; and provided further that indemnification or advancement of expenses shall not be made to or on behalf of any director, officer, employee or agent if a judgment or other final adjudication establishes that such person’s actions, or omissions to act, were material to the cause of action so adjudicated and constitute (i) a violation of the criminal law, unless the director, officer, employee or agent had reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was lawful or had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful; (ii) a transaction from which the director, officer, employee or agent derived an improper personal benefit; (iii) in the case of a director, a circumstance under which the unlawful distribution liability provisions of FBCA Section 607.0834 (or any successor provision) are applicable; or (iv) willful misconduct or a conscious disregard for the best interests of the company in a proceeding by or in the right of Bancorp to procure a judgment in its favor or in a proceeding by or in the right of a shareholder. Federal banking law, which is applicable to Bancorp as a financial holding company and to the Bank as an insured depository institution, limits the ability of Bancorp and the Bank to indemnify their directors and officers. Neither Bancorp nor the Bank may make, or agree to make, indemnification payments to an institution-affiliated party such as an officer or director in connection with any administrative or civil action instituted by a federal II-2 Table of Contents banking agency if as a result of the banking agency action the indemnitee is assessed a civil money penalty, is removed from office or prohibited from participating in the conduct of Bancorp’s or the Bank’s affairs, or is subject to a cease and desist order. Prior to the resolution of any action instituted by the applicable banking agency, Bancorp or the Bank, as applicable, may indemnify officers and directors only if their respective board of directors, as the case may be, (i) determines that the indemnified person acted in good faith, (ii) determines after investigation that making indemnification payments would not affect Bancorp’s safety and soundness or the safety and soundness of the Bank, as the case may be, and (iii) if the indemnified party agrees in writing to reimburse Bancorp or the Bank, as the case may be, for any indemnity payments which turn out to be impermissible. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers or controlling persons pursuant to the provisions described above, or otherwise, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. On November 16, 2010, we sold in a private placement transaction 3,888,889 shares of our common stock to accredited investors at a purchase price of $9.00 per share, for aggregate consideration of $35 million. This private placement was made pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. On September 27, 2012, we sold in a private placement transaction to our largest shareholder, CapGen, 5,000 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock at a purchase price of $1,000 per share, for aggregate consideration of $5 million. This private placement was made pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. On December 31, 2012, we sold in a private placement transaction, 50,000 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock to CapGen and 29 other accredited investors at a purchase price of $1,000 per share, for aggregate consideration of $50 million. Included in the 50,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock sold in the private placement were 5,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued to CapGen in exchange for the 5,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock purchased by CapGen in September 2012. This private placement was made pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between Atlantic BancGroup, Inc. and Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., dated as of May 10, 2010 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on May 14, 2010, File No. 000-30248). Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedules to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 2.1a First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between Atlantic BancGroup, Inc. and Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., dated as of September 20, 2010 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on September 20, 2010, File No. 000-30248). 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., as amended through September 27, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant’s Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2012, File No. 000-30248). 3.1a Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation Designating Series B Preferred Stock, effective as of December 27, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2013, File No. 000-30248). 3.1b Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation Designating Series A Preferred Stock, effective as of December 27, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2013, File No. 000-30248). 3.1c Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, effective as of February 19, 2013 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on February 20, 2013, File No. 000-30248). 3.1d Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, effective as of April 23, 2013 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on April 24, 2013, File No 000-30248). 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on November 17, 2010, File No. 000-30248). 3.2a First Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., effective as of March 21, 2013. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2a of the Registrant’s Form 10-K filed on March 26, 2013, File No. 000-30248). 4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.0 of the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed on September 30, 1998, File No. 333-64815). 4.2 Form of Capital Security Certificate of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. Statutory Trust III (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on July 31, 2008, File No. 000-30248). II-3 Table of Contents Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 4.3 Form of Common Security Certificate of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. Statutory Trust III (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on July 31, 2008, File No. 000-30248). 4.4 Form of Junior Subordinated Debt Security of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on July 31, 2008, File No. 000-30248). 4.5 Indenture between Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, dated as of June 20, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on July 31, 2008, File No. 000-30248). 4.6 Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. Statutory Trust III by and among Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., as sponsor, Wells Fargo Delaware Trust Company, as Delaware trustee, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as institutional trustee, and the administrators named therein, dated as of June 20, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on July 31, 2008, File No. 000-30248). 4.7 Guarantee Agreement by and between Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, dated as of June 20, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on July 31, 2008, File No. 000-30428). 4.8 Form of Subscription Rights Certificate.* 4.9 Form of Subscription Agent Agreement.* 5.1 Opinion of McGuireWoods LLP.** 10.1 Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. Stock Option Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on November 9, 1999, File No. 333-90609). † 10.1a Amendment No. 1 to Stock Option Plan (incorporated herein by reference herein to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s Form 10-QSB filed on August 14, 2002, File No. 000-30248). † 10.2 Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., Directors’ Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A of the Registrant’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 10, 2003, File No. 000-30248). † 10.3 2008 Amendment and Restatement of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A of the Registrant’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on March 28, 2008, File No. 000-30248). † 10.3a First Amendment to the 2008 Amendment and Restatement of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A of the Registrant’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on March 29, 2010, File No. 000-30248). † 10.3b Second Amendment to the 2008 Amendment and Restatement of the Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on February 22, 2013, File No. 333-186814). † 10.4 Outsourcing Agreement by and between The Jacksonville Bank and Marshall & Ilsley Corporation, acting through its division M & I Data Services, dated as of May 13, 1998 (now known as FIS) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form SB-2/A filed on January 5, 1999, File No. 333-64815). 10.5 Lease Agreement between The Jacksonville Bank and ABS Laura Street, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Form 10-QSB filed on November 15, 2004, File No. 000-30248). 10.5a Amendment to Lease Agreement between The Jacksonville Bank and ABS Laura Street, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s Form 10-QSB filed on November 15, 2004, File No. 000-30248). 10.5b Second Amendment to Lease Agreement between The Jacksonville Bank and ABS Laura Street, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant’s Form 10-QSB filed on November 15, 2004, File No. 000-30248). II-4 Table of Contents Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 10.6 Lease Agreement between Property Management Support, Inc. and Oceanside Bank, dated as of August 22, 2002 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of Atlantic BancGroup, Inc.’s Form 10-KSB filed on March 27, 2003, File No. 001-15061). 10.7 Lease Agreement between Mant Equities, LLC and Oceanside Bank, dated as of September 27, 2000 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Atlantic BancGroup, Inc.’s Form 10-KSB filed on March 27, 2001, File No. 001-15061). 10.8 Lease Agreement between The Jacksonville Bank and Baron San Pablo II, LLC, dated as of April 12, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant’s Form 10-Q filed on May 16, 2011, File No. 000-30248). 10.9 Form of Loan Agreement by and between Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. and each of certain of the directors, their affiliates, entities and family members, dated as of January 1, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.24 of the Registrant’s Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2011, File No. 000-30248). 10.10 Form of Revolving Loan Note of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. payable to each of certain of the directors, their affiliates, entities and family members, dated as of January 1, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.25 of the Registrant’s Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2011, File No. 000-30248). 10.11 Form of Loan Agreement by and between Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. and each of certain of the directors, their affiliates, entities and family members, dated as of September 14, 2011 or October 17, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.26 of the Registrant’s Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2012, File No. 000-30248). 10.12 Form of Revolving Loan Note of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. payable to each of certain of the directors, their affiliates, entities and family members, dated as of September 14, 2011 or October 17, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.27 of the Registrant’s Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2012, File No. 000-30248). 10.13 Employment Agreement by and between The Jacksonville Bank and Scott M. Hall (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant’s Form 10-Q filed on May 15, 2009, File No. 000-30248). † 10.13a First Amendment to the Employment Agreement by and between The Jacksonville Bank and Scott M. Hall (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Registrant’s Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2011, File No. 000-30248). † 10.14 Employment Agreement by and between The Jacksonville Bank and Valerie A. Kendall (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Form 10-Q filed on May 15, 2009, File No. 000-30248). † 10.14a First Amendment to the Employment Agreement by and between The Jacksonville Bank and Valerie A. Kendall (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of the Registrant’s Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2011, File No. 000-30248). † 10.15 Executive Employment Agreement among Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., The Jacksonville Bank and Stephen C. Green (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K/A filed on August 2, 2012, File No. 000-30248). † 10.15a Amendment No. 1 to the Executive Employment Agreement among Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., The Jacksonville Bank and Stephen C. Green (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2013, File No. 000-30248). † 10.16 Executive Employment Agreement among Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., The Jacksonville Bank and Margaret A. Incandela (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K/A filed on September 7, 2012, File No. 000-30248). † 10.17 Agreement and General Release among Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., The Jacksonville Bank and Price W. Schwenck (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Form 10-Q filed on August 6, 2012, File No. 000-30248). † II-5 Table of Contents Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 10.18 Stockholders Agreement by and between Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., Atlantic BancGroup, Inc. and each of the directors of Atlantic BancGroup, Inc., dated as of May 10, 2010 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on May 14, 2010, File No. 000-30248). 10.19 Stock Purchase Agreement by and among Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., CapGen Capital Group IV LP and the other investors named therein, dated as of May 10, 2010 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on May 14, 2010, File No. 000-30248). 10.19a Amendment No. 1 to Stock Purchase Agreement by and among Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., CapGen Capital Group IV LP and the investors named therein, dated as of September 20, 2010 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on September 20, 2010, File No. 000-30248). 10.20 Registration Rights Agreement by and among Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. and the investors named therein, dated as of May 10, 2010 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on May 14, 2010, File No. 000-30248). 10.21 Subscription Agreement by and between Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. and CapGen Capital Group IV LP, dated as of September 27, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on September 28, 2012, File No. 000-30248). 10.22 Exchange Agreement by and between Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. and CapGen Capital Group IV LP, dated as of September 27, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on September 28, 2012, File No. 000-30248). 10.22a Amended and Restated Exchange Agreement by and between Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. and CapGen Capital Group IV LP, dated as of December 31, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2013, File No. 000-30248). 10.23 Stock Purchase Agreement by and among Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., CapGen Capital Group IV LP and the other investors to be named therein, dated as of August 22, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed August 27, 2012, File No. 000-30248). 10.23a Amended and Restated Stock Purchase Agreement by and among Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., CapGen Capital Group IV LP and each of the other investors named therein, dated as of December 31, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2013, File No. 000-30248). 10.24 Form of Subscription Agreement by and between Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. and each of certain of its executive officers, directors or other related parties (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2013, File No. 000-30248). 10.25 Registration Rights Agreement by and among Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. and the investors named therein, dated as of August 22, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed August 27, 2012, File No. 000-30248). 10.25a Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement by and among Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. and the investors named therein, dated as of December 31, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2013, File No. 000-30248). 10.26 Form of Asset Purchase Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2013, File No. 000-30248). 21.1 Subsidiaries of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc.* 23.1 Consent of Crowe Horwath LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.* 23.2 Consent of McGuireWoods LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)** 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on signature page to this registration statement).* II-6 Table of Contents Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 99.1 Form of Instructions as to Use of Rights Certificates.* 99.2 Form of Letter to Shareholders who are Record Holders.* 99.3 Form of Letter to Nominees Whose Clients are Beneficial Holders.* 99.4 Form of Letter to Clients of Nominee Holders.* 99.5 Form of Beneficial Owner Election Form.* 99.6 Form of Nominee Holder Certification.* 99.7 Form of Preliminary Subscription Agreement.** 99.8 Form of Acknowledgement of Subscription.** 99.9 Form of Definitive Subscription Agreement.** * Included herewith. ** To be filed with an amendment to this registration statement. † Identifies management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements. Item 17. Undertakings. The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) to include any prospectus required by section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii) to reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; and (iii) to include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement. (2) That, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b) (1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective. (3) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (4) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (5) That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities: The undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; II-7 Table of Contents (ii) Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (6) To supplement the prospectus, after the expiration of the subscription period, to set forth the results of the subscription offer and the amount of unsubscribed securities to be offered to the public. If any public offering of the securities is to be made on terms differing from those set forth on the cover page of the prospectus, a post-effective amendment will be filed to set forth the terms of such offering. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question of whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act, and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. II-8 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Jacksonville, State of Florida, on April 26, 2013. Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. By: /s/ Stephen C. Green Stephen C. Green President & Chief Executive Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY Each person whose signature appears below in so signing also hereby makes, constitutes and appoints Stephen C. Green and Valerie A. Kendall, and each of them, as his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to execute and cause to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission any and all amendments and post-effective amendments to this registration statement, and any related registration statement filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) of the Securities Act of 1933, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, and hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact or his substitute may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the date indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Stephen C. Green President & Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) Director April 26, 2013 Stephen C. Green /s/ Margaret A. Incandela Chief Operating Officer, Chief Credit Officer & Executive Vice President (principal executive officer) April 26, 2013 Margaret A. Incandela /s/ Valerie A. Kendall Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President (principal accounting and financial officer) April 26, 2013 Valerie A. Kendall /s/ Donald F. Glisson, Jr. Director April 26, 2013 Donald F. Glisson, Jr. /s/ James M. Healey Director April 26, 2013 James M. Healey /s/ John W. Rose Director April 26, 2013 John W. Rose II-9 Table of Contents /s/ Price W. Schwenck Director April 26, 2013 Price W. Schwenck /s/ Charles F. Spencer Director April 26, 2013 Charles F. Spencer /s/ John P. Sullivan Director April 26, 2013 John P. Sullivan /s/ Gary L. Winfield, MD Director April 26, 2013 Gary L. Winfield, MD II-10 Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between Atlantic BancGroup, Inc. and Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., dated as of May 10, 2010 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on May 14, 2010, File No. 000-30248). Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedules to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 2.1a First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between Atlantic BancGroup, Inc. and Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., dated as of September 20, 2010 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on September 20, 2010, File No. 000-30248). 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., as amended through September 27, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant’s Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2012, File No. 000-30248). 3.1a Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation Designating Series B Preferred Stock, effective as of December 27, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2013, File No. 000-30248). 3.1b Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation Designating Series A Preferred Stock, effective as of December 27, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2013, File No. 000-30248). 3.1c Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, effective as of February 19, 2013 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on February 20, 2013, File No. 000-30248). 3.1d Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, effective as of April 23, 2013 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on April 24, 2013, File No 000-30248). 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on November 17, 2010, File No. 000-30248). 3.2a First Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., effective as of March 21, 2013. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2a of the Registrant’s Form 10-K filed on March 26, 2013, File No. 000-30248). 4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.0 of the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed on September 30, 1998, File No. 333-64815). 4.2 Form of Capital Security Certificate of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. Statutory Trust III (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on July 31, 2008, File No. 000-30248). 4.3 Form of Common Security Certificate of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. Statutory Trust III (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on July 31, 2008, File No. 000-30248). 4.4 Form of Junior Subordinated Debt Security of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on July 31, 2008, File No. 000-30248). 4.5 Indenture between Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, dated as of June 20, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on July 31, 2008, File No. 000-30248). 4.6 Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. Statutory Trust III by and among Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., as sponsor, Wells Fargo Delaware Trust Company, as Delaware trustee, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as institutional trustee, and the administrators named therein, dated as of June 20, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on July 31, 2008, File No. 000-30248). II-11 Table of Contents Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 4.7 Guarantee Agreement by and between Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, dated as of June 20, 2008 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on July 31, 2008, File No. 000-30428). 4.8 Form of Subscription Rights Certificate.* 4.9 Form of Subscription Agent Agreement.* 5.1 Opinion of McGuireWoods LLP.** 10.1 Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. Stock Option Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on November 9, 1999, File No. 333-90609). † 10.1a Amendment No. 1 to Stock Option Plan (incorporated herein by reference herein to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s Form 10-QSB filed on August 14, 2002, File No. 000-30248). † 10.2 Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., Directors’ Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A of the Registrant’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 10, 2003, File No. 000-30248). † 10.3 2008 Amendment and Restatement of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A of the Registrant’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on March 28, 2008, File No. 000-30248). † 10.3a First Amendment to the 2008 Amendment and Restatement of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A of the Registrant’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on March 29, 2010, File No. 000-30248). † 10.3b Second Amendment to the 2008 Amendment and Restatement of the Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on February 22, 2013, File No. 333-186814). † 10.4 Outsourcing Agreement by and between The Jacksonville Bank and Marshall & Ilsley Corporation, acting through its division M & I Data Services, dated as of May 13, 1998 (now known as FIS) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form SB-2/A filed on January 5, 1999, File No. 333-64815). 10.5 Lease Agreement between The Jacksonville Bank and ABS Laura Street, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Form 10-QSB filed on November 15, 2004, File No. 000-30248). 10.5a Amendment to Lease Agreement between The Jacksonville Bank and ABS Laura Street, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s Form 10-QSB filed on November 15, 2004, File No. 000-30248). 10.5b Second Amendment to Lease Agreement between The Jacksonville Bank and ABS Laura Street, LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant’s Form 10-QSB filed on November 15, 2004, File No. 000-30248). 10.6 Lease Agreement between Property Management Support, Inc. and Oceanside Bank, dated as of August 22, 2002 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of Atlantic BancGroup, Inc.’s Form 10-KSB filed on March 27, 2003, File No. 001-15061). 10.7 Lease Agreement between Mant Equities, LLC and Oceanside Bank, dated as of September 27, 2000 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Atlantic BancGroup, Inc.’s Form 10-KSB filed on March 27, 2001, File No. 001-15061). 10.8 Lease Agreement between The Jacksonville Bank and Baron San Pablo II, LLC, dated as of April 12, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant’s Form 10-Q filed on May 16, 2011, File No. 000-30248). 10.9 Form of Loan Agreement by and between Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. and each of certain of the directors, their affiliates, entities and family members, dated as of January 1, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.24 of the Registrant’s Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2011, File No. 000-30248). II-12 Table of Contents Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 10.10 Form of Revolving Loan Note of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. payable to each of certain of the directors, their affiliates, entities and family members, dated as of January 1, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.25 of the Registrant’s Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2011, File No. 000-30248). 10.11 Form of Loan Agreement by and between Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. and each of certain of the directors, their affiliates, entities and family members, dated as of September 14, 2011 or October 17, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.26 of the Registrant’s Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2012, File No. 000-30248). 10.12 Form of Revolving Loan Note of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. payable to each of certain of the directors, their affiliates, entities and family members, dated as of September 14, 2011 or October 17, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.27 of the Registrant’s Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2012, File No. 000-30248). 10.13 Employment Agreement by and between The Jacksonville Bank and Scott M. Hall (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant’s Form 10-Q filed on May 15, 2009, File No. 000-30248). † 10.13a First Amendment to the Employment Agreement by and between The Jacksonville Bank and Scott M. Hall (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Registrant’s Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2011, File No. 000-30248). † 10.14 Employment Agreement by and between The Jacksonville Bank and Valerie A. Kendall (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Form 10-Q filed on May 15, 2009, File No. 000-30248). † 10.14a First Amendment to the Employment Agreement by and between The Jacksonville Bank and Valerie A. Kendall (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of the Registrant’s Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2011, File No. 000-30248). † 10.15 Executive Employment Agreement among Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., The Jacksonville Bank and Stephen C. Green (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K/A filed on August 2, 2012, File No. 000-30248). † 10.15a Amendment No. 1 to the Executive Employment Agreement among Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., The Jacksonville Bank and Stephen C. Green (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2013, File No. 000-30248). † 10.16 Executive Employment Agreement among Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., The Jacksonville Bank and Margaret A. Incandela (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K/A filed on September 7, 2012, File No. 000-30248). † 10.17 Agreement and General Release among Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., The Jacksonville Bank and Price W. Schwenck (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Form 10-Q filed on August 6, 2012, File No. 000-30248). † 10.18 Stockholders Agreement by and between Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., Atlantic BancGroup, Inc. and each of the directors of Atlantic BancGroup, Inc., dated as of May 10, 2010 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on May 14, 2010, File No. 000-30248). 10.19 Stock Purchase Agreement by and among Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., CapGen Capital Group IV LP and the other investors named therein, dated as of May 10, 2010 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on May 14, 2010, File No. 000-30248). 10.19a Amendment No. 1 to Stock Purchase Agreement by and among Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., CapGen Capital Group IV LP and the investors named therein, dated as of September 20, 2010 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on September 20, 2010, File No. 000-30248). II-13 Table of Contents Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 10.20 Registration Rights Agreement by and among Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. and the investors named therein, dated as of May 10, 2010 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on May 14, 2010, File No. 000-30248). 10.21 Subscription Agreement by and between Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. and CapGen Capital Group IV LP, dated as of September 27, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on September 28, 2012, File No. 000-30248). 10.22 Exchange Agreement by and between Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. and CapGen Capital Group IV LP, dated as of September 27, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on September 28, 2012, File No. 000-30248). 10.22a Amended and Restated Exchange Agreement by and between Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. and CapGen Capital Group IV LP, dated as of December 31, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2013, File No. 000-30248). 10.23 Stock Purchase Agreement by and among Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., CapGen Capital Group IV LP and the other investors to be named therein, dated as of August 22, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed August 27, 2012, File No. 000-30248). 10.23a Amended and Restated Stock Purchase Agreement by and among Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc., CapGen Capital Group IV LP and each of the other investors named therein, dated as of December 31, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2013, File No. 000-30248). 10.24 Form of Subscription Agreement by and between Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. and each of certain of its executive officers, directors or other related parties (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2013, File No. 000-30248). 10.25 Registration Rights Agreement by and among Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. and the investors named therein, dated as of August 22, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed August 27, 2012, File No. 000-30248). 10.25a Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement by and among Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. and the investors named therein, dated as of December 31, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2013, File No. 000-30248). 10.26 Form of Asset Purchase Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2013, File No. 000-30248). 21.1 Subsidiaries of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc.* 23.1 Consent of Crowe Horwath LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.* 23.2 Consent of McGuireWoods LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)** 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on signature page to this registration statement).* 99.1 Form of Instructions as to Use of Rights Certificates.* 99.2 Form of Letter to Shareholders who are Record Holders.* 99.3 Form of Letter to Nominees Whose Clients are Beneficial Holders.* 99.4 Form of Letter to Clients of Nominee Holders.* 99.5 Form of Beneficial Owner Election Form.* 99.6 Form of Nominee Holder Certification.* 99.7 Form of Preliminary Subscription Agreement.** 99.8 Form of Acknowledgement of Subscription.** 99.9 Form of Definitive Subscription Agreement.** * Included herewith. ** To be filed with an amendment to this registration statement. † Identifies management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements. II-14
