Converted by EDGARwiz As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 20, 2008. SEC File No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 INTERNATIONAL ENERGY, INC . (Name of Small Business Issuer in Its Charter) NEVADA 3999 98-0195748 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number ) 216 – 1628 West 1st Avenue Vancouver, BC V6J 1G1 Telephone: (800) 676-1006 Facsimile: (604) 659-5029 Derek Cooper, President 216 – 1628 West 1st Avenue Vancouver, BC V6J 1G1 Telephone: (800) 676-1006 Facsimile: (604) 659-5029 (Address and telephone of registrant's executive office) (Name, address and telephone number of agent for service) Copies of all communications and notices to: Joseph Sierchio, Esq. Sierchio Greco & Greco, LLP 110 East 59th Street, 29th Floor New York, New York 10022 Telephone: (212) 246-3030 Facsimile: (212) 486-0208 APPROXIMATE DATE OF PROPOSED SALE TO PUBLIC: As soon as practicable after this registration statement becomes effective. If any of the securities being registered on this form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “ Securities Act ”) check the following box. [X] If this form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. [ ] If this form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. [ ] If this form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. [ ] If delivery of the prospectus is expected to be made pursuant to Rule 434, check the following box. [ ] CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of each class of securities to be registered Amount to be Registered (1) Proposed maximum offering price per share (2) Proposed maximum aggregate offering price Amount of registration Fee Common Stock, $0.001 par value 5,749,999 $1.29 $7,417,499 $ 292 Common Stock, $0.001 par value, issuable upon exercise of Class B Non redeemable warrants (3) 2,933,334 $0.60 $1,760,000 $ 69 Total 8,683,333 $9,177,499 $ 361 (1) These shares were issued in connection with a private placement completed by the Registrant on April 17, 2008. All of the shares are offered by the Selling Stockholders. Accordingly, this registration statement includes an indeterminate number of additional shares of common stock issuable for no additional consideration pursuant to any stock dividend, stock split, recapitalization or other similar transaction effected without the receipt of consideration, which results in an increase in the number of outstanding shares of our common stock. In the event of a stock split, stock dividend or similar transaction involving our common stock, in order to prevent dilution, the number of shares registered shall be automatically increased to cover the additional shares in accordance with Rule 416(a) under the Securities Act of 1933. (2) Estimated solely for the purposes of calculating the registration fee in accordance with Rule 457(c) and Rule 457(g) under the Securities Act of 1933, using the closing price as reported on the OTC Bulletin Board on June 17, 2008 which was $1.29 per share. (3) Represents shares of our common stock, par value $0.001 per share, which may be offered pursuant to this registration statement, which shares are issuable upon exercise of Class B Callable Warrants exercisable at $0.60 per share. The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and we are not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. Subject to Completion, Dated June 20, 2008 PROSPECTUS INTERNATIONAL ENERGY, INC. 8,683,333 SHARES OF COMMON STOCK This prospectus relates to the resale by certain of our stockholders named in the section of this prospectus titled “Selling Stockholders” (the “ Selling Stockholders ”) of up to 8,683,333 shares of our common stock (the “Shares” ). The shares being offered under this prospectus are comprised of 5,166,666 shares of our common stock that were purchased by certain of the Selling Stockholders in transactions with us pursuant to exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended (the “ Securities Act ”); 583,333 shares of our common stock that were purchased by certain of the Selling Stockholders in transactions with us pursuant to exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act; and 2,933,334 shares of common stock which may be issued to certain of the Selling Stockholders upon the exercise of outstanding Series B Warrants . Although we will pay substantially all the expenses incident to the registration of the shares, we will not receive any proceeds from the sales by the Selling Stockholders. We will, however, receive proceeds if the Warrants are exercised; to the extent we receive such proceeds, they will be used for working capital purposes. The Selling Stockholders and any underwriter, broker-dealer or agent that participates in the sale of the shares or interests therein may be deemed "underwriters" within the meaning of Section 2(11) of the Securities Act. Any discounts, commissions, concessions, profit or other compensation any of them earns on any sale or resale of the shares, directly or indirectly, may be underwriting discounts and commissions under the Securities Act. The Selling Stockholders who are "underwriters" within the meaning of Section 2(11) of the Securities Act will be subject to the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act. Our common stock is presently quoted for trading under the symbol “ IENI ” on the over the counter bulletin board (the “ OTCBB ”). On June 17, 2008, the closing price of the common stock, as reported on the OTCBB was $1.29 per share. The Selling Stockholders have advised us that they will sell the shares of common stock from time to time in the open market, on the OTCBB, in privately negotiated transactions or a combination of these methods, at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to the prevailing market prices, at negotiated prices, or otherwise as described under the section of this prospectus titled “ Plan of Distribution.” Investing in our common stock is highly speculative and involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described under the heading "Risk Factors" beginning on page 7 of this prospectus before making a decision to purchase our common stock. You should read this prospectus and any prospectus supplement carefully before you decide to invest. You should not assume that the information in this prospectus is accurate as of any date other than the date on the front of this document. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. THE DATE OF THIS PROSPECTUS IS _______, 2008 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Prospectus Summary 3 Risk Factors 7 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 19 Recent Financing 20 Use Of Proceeds 21 Determination Of Offering Price 21 Market Price Of And Dividends On Our Common Stock And Related Stockholder Matters 21 Management’s Discussion And Analysis Of Financial Condition And Results Of Operations 24 Description Of Our Business And Properties 28 Directors, Executive Officers And Control Persons 33 Executive Compensation 36 Security Ownership Of Certain Beneficial Owners And Management 37 Transactions With Related Persons, Promoters And Certain Control Persons 38 Description Of Securities 39 Selling Stockholders 41 Plan Of Distribution 44 Legal Proceedings 46 Limitation Of Liability And Indemnification Of Officers And Directors; Insurance 46 Disclosure Of Commission Position On Indemnification For Securities Act Liabilities 46 Legal Matters 47 Changes In And Disagreements With Accountants On Accounting And Financial Disclosure 47 Experts 47 Additional Information 47 Financial Statements 48 You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus. We have not authorized any other person to provide you with different information. If anyone provides you with different or inconsistent information, you should not rely on it. We are not making an offer to sell these securities in any jurisdiction where an offer or sale is not permitted. You should assume that the information appearing in this prospectus is accurate only as of the date on the front cover of this prospectus. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since that date. PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights information set forth in greater detail elsewhere in this prospectus. It may not contain all the information that may be important to you. You should read this entire prospectus carefully, including the sections entitled " Risk Factors " beginning on page 7, " Management's Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation,” beginning on page 24 and our historical financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus. Unless the context requires otherwise, references to the " Company ," " International Energy ," " we," "our ," and " us,” refer to International Energy, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. About Us and Our Business We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on November 6, 1998, under the name “e.Deal.net, Inc.” for the purpose of providing a platform for automotive information to, and connecting, buyers and sellers of pre-owned automobiles through the Internet. We were not successful in our efforts and ceased providing online automotive information in November 2006. During 2005, as we started winding down our online automotive business activities, we amended our Articles of Incorporation to effect a change of name to “International Energy, Inc.,” to reflect our entry into the energy industry although we continued to provide automotive information until November of 2006; initially, through International Energy Corp., our wholly owned subsidiary (“ IEC ”), we commenced operations as an oil and gas exploration company. Oil and gas exploration was our primary focus from November 2006 through September of 2007. Although we acquired exploration rights under land leases located in the State of Utah, we were unable to successfully implement our proposed exploration program due to our inability to secure adequate drilling rigs and equipment as well as qualified personnel. Our management decided that while our primary focus should remain on energy, our interests and those of our shareholders would be best served by redirecting our focus from oil and gas exploration to the acquisition, development and commercialization of alternative renewable energy technologies. Subsequently, on September 17, 2007, we commenced the development and acquisition of these technologies through our wholly owned subsidiary, IEC, by entering into a Research Agreement with The Regents of the University of California (the “ Research Agreement ”) in the area of algal biochemistry and photosynthesis (the “ Research Project ”). The goal of the Research Project is to develop protocols for the growth of microalgal cultures and for the generation of long chain liquid hydrocarbons. These hydrocarbons are derived directly from the photosynthesis of the green microalgae. Please refer to “Business. 8; Algae fuel is a biofuel derived from algae. In contrast to food crops or cellulosic materials, certain algae produce and accumulate oil naturally and can, in the process, clean up waste by absorbing and utilizing nitrogen oxides and carbon dioxide, aiding in carbon sequestration and the mitigation of climate change. Currently, a number of companies and private institutions are conducting research in an effort to use microalgae as an energy source, with applications for biofuel, ethanol, methanol, methane and hydrogen. Employing a proprietary microalgae, we are seeking to develop advanced biotechnology protocols for enhanced growth and biofuel productivity based entirely on the photosynthesis of algae, which have the unique capability of taking a waste (zero-energy) form of carbon (CO2) and converting it into a high- 3 density liquid form of energy (natural bio-oil). We are also working to develop a novel technology to enable the continuous extraction of bio-oil from microalgae, which will allow microalgae to be processed for bio-oil separation and harvesting while preserving the viability and vitality of the cells that produce them. Microalgae, stripped of their bio-oils, can then be returned to their growth medium for further growth and hydrocarbon accumulation. This novel approach is expected to minimize biomass generation time while enhancing yields of hydrocarbon production. Once we have succeeded in the development of our protocols, we anticipate the building of the necessary production facilities to house the bioreactor required to mass produce, market and sell our biofuels. Alternatively, we may elect to out-license, joint-venture, or sell our microalgae biofuel technology. Our corporate headquarters is located at Suite 216 – 1628 West 1st Avenue, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada V6J 1G1. Our telephone number is (800) 676-1006. Private Placement We have generated no revenues from operations and we do not expect to do so for the foreseeable future. As of March 31, 2008, we had an accumulated deficit of $2,098,499. On April 17, 2008, we completed the sale of an aggregate of 4,000,000 units, each unit consisting of one share of our common stock (collectively, the “ Private Placement Shares ”) and one Series B Warrant (the “ Series B Warrants ”) to purchase up to an additional share of our common stock (the “ Warrant Shares ”), at a per unit purchase price of $0.60 (the “ Private Placement ”), or an aggregate of $2,400,000, pursuant to the terms of Subscription Agreements having an effective date of April 17, 2008 between ourselves and certain institutional and other accredited investors (the “ Investors ”), as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. The net proceeds of the Private Placement will be used for working capital purposes. The Series B Warrants have a term of two years and an exercise price of $0.60 per share. In conn ection with the Private Placement, we paid a commission of 100,000 units, consisting of one share (the “ Commission Shares ”) of our common stock and one Series B Warrant to one registered broker dealer. In connection with the Private Placement, we agreed to file a registration statement for the purpose of registering the shares issued in the Private Placement as well as the shares issuable upon the exercise of the Series B Warrants, for resale by the Investors. Accordingly, the 4,000,000 shares issued in the Private Placement, the 1,166,666 issued upon exercise of the Series B Warrants, the 2,933,334 shares issuable upon exercise, if any, of the outstanding Series B Warrants, as well as the 583,333 shares purchased by certain of the Selling Stockholders, are collectively the subject of the registration statement of which this prospectus is part. The shares issued in the Private Placement comprised approximately 10.0% (without giving effect to the exercise of any of the Warrants) of our issued and outstanding shares as at April 17, 2008, the date on which the Private Placement was consummated. Risk Factors Our business operations are subject to numerous risks, including the risk of delays in or discontinuation of our research and development due to lack of financing, inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals to market the products, unforeseen safety issues relating to the products and dependence on third party collaborators to conduct research and development of the products. Because we 4 are an early stage company with a limited history of operations, we are also subject to many risks associated with early-stage companies. For a more detailed discussion of some of the risks you should consider, you are urged to carefully review and consider the section entitled " Risk Factors " beginning on page 7 of this prospectus. Selling Stockholders The Selling Stockholders are existing non-affiliated stockholders who purchased shares of our common stock from (i) us in the Private Placement completed on April 17, 2008, or through the exercise of the Series B Warrants or (ii) from one of our affiliates. Please refer to “Selling Stockholders.” Securities Being Offered The Selling Stockholders named in this prospectus are offering for resale up to 8,683,333 shares of our common stock to the public by means of this prospectus. The shares being offered under this prospectus are comprised of 5,166,666 shares that were purchased by certain of the Selling Stockholders in Private Placement transactions (including the exercise of the Series B Warrants) and an aggregate of 583,333 shares acquired by certain of the Selling Stockholders from one of our associates, pursuant to exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act; and up to 2,933,334 Warrant Shares which may be issued to certain of the Selling Stockholders upon the exercise of the Warrants issued in connection with the private placements completed by us. Although we will pay substantially all the expenses incident to the registration of the shares, we will not receive any proceeds from the sales by the Selling Stockholders. However, we may receive proceeds (up to approximately $1,760,000) from the exercise of the Series B Warrants; if such proceeds are received by us, they will be used for working capital purposes . All of the shares of our common stock, owned by the Selling Stockholders, will be registered by the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. The Selling Stockholders may sell some or all of their shares immediately after they are registered. Please refer to “ Plan of Distribution.” Offering Price The Selling Stockholders may sell their shares pursuant to this prospectus, at open market, on the OTCBB, in privately negotiated transactions or a combination of these methods, at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to the prevailing market prices, at negotiated prices, or otherwise as described under the section of this prospectus titled “ Plan of Distribution .” Duration of Offering We have agreed to use our commercially reasonable efforts to keep the registration statement of which this prospectus is part, continuously effective under the Securities Act until all of the securities covered by such registration statement have been sold, or may be sold without volume restrictions pursuant to Rule 144 or any successor rule, as determined by our counsel pursuant to a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable to our transfer agent and the affected holders of such securities. 5 Use of Proceeds We will incur all costs associated with this registration statement and prospectus. We will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of the shares of our common stock being offered for sale by the Selling Stockholders. However, we did receive aggregate proceeds of $2,400,000 from the sale of our shares to certain Selling Stockholders and an additional $700,000 from the exercise of Series B Warrants. We may receive up to an additional approximately $1,760,000, if all of the remaining Series B Warrants are exercised. The Series B Warrants expire on April 17, 2010, and have an exercise price of $0.60 per share. All funds, if any, received by us from the exercise of the Series B Warrants will be used for working capital purposes. Please refer to “ Use of Proceeds. ” Description of Our Common Stock Our authorized capital stock consists of stock of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, each with a par value of $0.001, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, each with a par value of $0.01. Number of Shares Outstanding As of June 17, 2008, 42,099,166 shares of common stock were issued and outstanding, of which 23,379,167 were owned by Harmel S. Rayat. No preferred shares were issued and outstanding. This total does not include any shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of any of our issued and outstanding stock purchase warrants, including, but not limited to, Series B Warrants . Please refer to “Description of Securities.” Summary Financial Information The following tables set forth a summary of certain selected financial data. You should read this information together with the financial statements and the notes to the financial statements appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. Statement of Operations Data: For the Year Ended March 31, 2008 For the Year Ended March 31, 2007 Revenues $0 $0 Loss from operations $(385,141) $(218,985) Net loss $(411,934) $(224,862) Net loss attributable to stockholders $(411,934) $(224,862) Basic and diluted net loss per share $(0.01) $(0.01) Weighted average shares outstanding used in basic and diluted net loss per share calculation 36,949,788 36,932,500 Balance Sheet Data: March 31, 2008 March 31, 2007 March 31, 2006 Cash $797,725 $23,531 $70,149 Working Capital (deficiency) $551,030 ($296,255) ($238,551) Total assets $797,725 $23,777 $184,325 Total liabilities $246,695 $319,813 $309,942 Total stockholders’ capital (deficiency) $551,030 ($296,036) $(125,617) 6 RISK FACTORS Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Before investing in our common stock you should carefully consider the following risks, together with the financial and other information contained in this prospectus. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our common stock would likely decline and you may lose all or a part of your investment. Risks Relating to Our Financial Condition and Business We have a history of operating losses and expect to continue suffering losses for the foreseeable future. We have incurred losses since our company was organized in November 6, 1998. Moreover, in each of the fiscal years ended March 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, we recorded net losses of $411,934, $224,862 and $842,155, respectively. From inception (November 6, 1998) through March 31, 2008 we recorded cumulative net losses of $2,098,499. We cannot anticipate when, if ever, our operations will become profitable. We may incur net losses as we integrate acquisitions, introduce new network equipment, increase our marketing for organic subscriber growth and acquire spectrum in pursuit of our business strategy. We have limited experience in the alternative energy industry, which increases the risk of our inability to successfully commercialize alternative energy technologies. We have limited experience in the alternative energy industry. We do not currently own or operate any biofuel facilities. We have no experience in constructing or operating a biofuel facility. We are presently, and will likely continue to be for some time, able to rely only upon our initial directors for assistance in executing our business plan. While these individuals are highly experienced in business generally they have limited experience in organizing and building a biofuel plant and in the alternative energy industry generally. This lack of experience may hinder our ability to fully implement our business plan in a timely and cost efficient manner, which, in turn, may adversely affect our potential success and profitability. Our limited operating history does not afford investors a sufficient history on which to base an investment decision. We have had only a limited operating history and currently are attempting to develop a new technology that has not yet gained market acceptance. There can be no assurance that at this time we will operate profitably or that we will have adequate working capital to meet our obligations as they become due. Investors must consider the risks and difficulties frequently encountered by early stage companies, particularly in rapidly evolving markets. Such risks include the following and are discussed in detail elsewhere in this section: · competition; · need for acceptance of products; · ability to continue to develop and extend brand identity; 7 · ability to anticipate and adapt to a competitive market; · ability to effectively manage rapidly expanding operations; · amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures relating to expansion of our business, operations, and infrastructure; and · dependence upon key personnel. We cannot be certain that our business strategy will be successful or that we will successfully address these risks. In the event that we do not successfully address these risks, our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. We may not be able to successfully develop and commercialize our technologies which would result in continued losses and may require us to curtail or cease operations. We are currently developing our technology and a commercial product. We have not generated any revenues and we are unable to project when we will achieve profitability, if at all. As is the case with any new technology, we expect the development process to continue. We cannot assure that our engineering resources will be able to develop the product fast enough to meet market requirements. We can also not assure that our product will gain market acceptance and that we will be able to successfully commercialize the technologies. The failure to successfully develop and commercialize the technologies would result in continued losses and may require us to curtail or cease operations. We cannot currently estimate with any accuracy the amount of either the additional funds or time required to successfully commercialize either technology, because the actual cost and time may vary significantly depending on results of current basic research and development and product testing, cost of acquiring an exclusive license, changes in the focus and direction of our research and development programs, competitive and technological advances, the cost of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing patent claims, the regulatory approval process, manufacturing, marketing and other costs associated with commercialization of products following receipt of regulatory approvals and other factors. Our ability to produce and distribute commercially viable bio-fuel is unproven, which could have a detrimental effect on our ability to generate or sustain revenues. The technologies we will use to transform algae into a new form of oil have never been utilized on a commercial basis. While intended to create a new bio-fuel feedstock for many products such as diesel, gasoline, jet fuel, plastics and solvents, our new bio-fuel may never achieve technical or commercial viability. All of the tests conducted to date by us with respect to the technology have been performed in a lab-scale environment and the same or similar results may not be attainable at competitive costs on a large-scale commercial basis. We have never utilized technology under the conditions or in the volumes that will be required for us to be profitable and cannot predict all of the difficulties that may arise. Our technology, when used, may require further research, development, regulatory approvals, environmental permits, design and testing prior to commercialization. Accordingly, our technology may not perform succes sfully on a commercial basis and may never generate any revenues or be profitable. We lack sales and marketing experience and will likely rely on third party marketers. If we eventually obtain a license to commercialize our technology (or any products derived from the technology) we expect to market and sell or otherwise commercialize the technology (or any products derived from the technology) through distribution, co-marketing, co-promotion or licensing arrangements with third parties. We cannot currently estimate when, if ever, we will be able to initiate marketing and sales efforts. Moreover, we have no experience in sales, marketing or distribution of biofuel products and 8 our current management and staff is not trained in these areas. To the extent that we enter into distribution, co-marketing, co-promotion or licensing arrangements for the marketing or sale of the technology (or any products derived from the technology) any revenues received by us will be dependent on the efforts of third parties. If any such parties were to breach or terminate its agreement with us or otherwise fail to conduct marketing activities successfully and in a timely manner, the commercialization of the technology (or any products derived from the technology) would be delayed or terminated. We do not have any arrangements with any third parties regarding the commercialization of our technology (or any products derived from the technology) and there is no assurance that we will be able to enter into such agreements on terms acceptable to us. Our lack of diversification may increase our risk. We expect our prime source of revenue will come from renewable energy assets that generate cash flow from the sale of biofuel derived only from microalgae. If we are unsuccessful in our efforts, our lack of diversification may increase the risk of our business failing; in which event the value of your investment may diminish significantly, if not entirely. We need to obtain additional capital to complete the development of our technologies and to ultimately construct production facilities, and the failure to secure such additional capital will prevent us from commercializing our technology and executing our plan of operation. The amount of funding needed to complete the development of our technology will be very substantial and may be in excess of the amount of capital we are able to raise. In addition, we have not identified the sources for the additional financing that we will require, and we do not have commitments from any third parties to provide this financing. Our ability to obtain additional funding will be subject to a number of factors, including but not limited to the market conditions for biofuels and the results of our ongoing research and development program. These factors may make the timing, amount, terms and conditions of additional funding unattractive; and, accordingly, the required capital may not be available to us. If we are unable to obtain sufficient financing on a timely basis, the development of our technology, facilities and products could be delayed and we could be forced to limit or terminate our operations altogether . Further, any additional funding that we obtain in the form of equity will reduce the percentage ownership held by our existing security holders. Failure to timely obtain all necessary licenses and permits may adversely affect our operations. We may be unable to obtain all necessary licenses and permits required by us for the construction and operations of a biofuel production facility, on a timely basis. The failure to obtain any necessary licenses or permits, including renewals thereof or modifications thereto, could result in construction delays or could otherwise have a material adverse effect on our operations. We may not have sufficient legal protection of our technologies and other proprietary rights, which could result in the loss of some or all of our rights or the use of our intellectual properties by our competitors. Our success depends substantially on our ability to develop proprietary technologies and to keep our licenses in full force, and for our technology licensors to maintain their patents, maintain trade secrecy and not infringe the proprietary rights of third parties. We cannot be sure that the patents of others will not have an adverse effect on our ability to conduct our business. We have relied substantially on the patent legal work that was performed for our licensors with respect to these patents, and have not independently verified the validity or any other aspect of the patents or patent applications covering our 9 technology and anticipated products with our own patent counsel. Further, we cannot be sure that others will not independently develop similar or superior technologies, duplicate elements of our technologies or design around them. Even if we are able to obtain or license patent protection for our process or products, there is no guarantee that the coverage of these patents will be sufficiently broad to protect us from competitors or that we will be able to enforce our patents against potential infringers. Patent litigation is expensive, and we may not be able to afford the costs. Third parties could also assert that our process or products infringe patents or other proprietary rights held by them. It is possible that we may need to acquire other licenses to, or to contest the validity of, issued or pending patents or claims of third parties. We cannot be sure that any license would be made available to us on acceptable terms, if at all, or that we would prevail in any such contest. In addition, we could incur substantial costs in defending ourselves in suits brought against us for alleged infringement of another party’s patents or in bringing patent infringement suits against other parties based on our licensed patents. We also rely on trade secrets, proprietary know-how and technology that we will seek to protect, in part, by confidentiality agreements with our prospective joint venture partners, employees and consultants. We cannot be sure that these agreements will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, or that our trade secrets and proprietary know-how will not otherwise become known or be independently discovered by others. We have yet to complete an infringement analysis and, even if such an analysis were available at the current time, it is virtually impossible for us to be certain that no infringement exists, particularly in our case where our products have not yet been fully developed. We could incur substantial costs in defending ourselves in suits brought against us for alleged infringement of another party’s intellectual property rights as well as in enforcing our rights against others, and if we are found to infringe, the manufacture, sale and use of our or our customers’ or partners’ products could be enjoined and we may have to pay money damages, a “reasonable royalty” and lost profits. Any claims against us, with or without merit, would likely be time-consuming, requiring our management team to dedicate substantial time to addressing the issues presented. Furthermore, the parties bringing claims may have greater resourc es than we do. Our revenues will be dependent upon acceptance of our products by the market, the failure of which would cause us to curtail or cease operations. We believe that virtually all of our revenues will come from the sale or license of our technology or products. As a result, we will continue to incur substantial operating losses until such time as we are able to generate revenues from the sale or license of our products. There can be no assurance that businesses and customers will adopt our technology and products or agree to pay for or license our products. In the event that we are not able to significantly increase the number of customers that purchase or license our products, or if we are unable to charge the necessary prices or license fees, our financial condition and results of operations will be materially and adversely affected. Because we anticipate that we will need to increase the size of our organization, we may experience difficulties in managing growth. We are a small company with 2 full-time employees and 2 part-time employees as of June 9, 2008. If our research and development efforts prove successful, we expect to experience a period of significant expansion in order to exploit the potential growth and market opportunities. Future growth will impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including the need to identify, recruit, 10 maintain and integrate managers. Our future financial performance and our ability to compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to manage any future growth effectively. Risks Related to the Industry in Which We Operate Costs of compliance may increase with changing environmental and operational safety regulations. As we pursue the commercialization of our technology, we will become subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to the discharge of materials into the air, water and ground, the generation, storage, handling, use, transportation and disposal of hazardous materials, and the health and safety of our employees. In addition, some of these laws and regulations require our contemplated facilities to operate under permits that are subject to renewal or modification. These laws, regulations and permits can often require expensive pollution control equipment or operational changes to limit actual or potential impact to the environment. A violation of these laws and regulations or permit conditions can result in substantial fines, natural resource damages, criminal sanctions, permit revocations and/or facility shutdowns. Furthermore, upon implementing our plan, we may become liable for the investigation and cleanup of environmental contamination at any property that we would own or operate and at off-site locations where we may arrange for the disposal of hazardous substances, if any. If these substances have been or are disposed of or released at sites that undergo investigation and/or remediation by regulatory agencies, we may be responsible under CERCLA (Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, often referred to as “Superfund”), or other environmental laws for all or part of the costs of investigation and/or remediation, and for damages to natural resources. We may also be subject to related claims by private parties alleging property damage and personal injury due to exposure to hazardous or other materials at or from those properties. Some of these matters may require expending significant amounts for invest igation, cleanup, defending claims or other costs. In addition, new laws, new interpretations of existing laws, increased governmental enforcement of environmental laws, or other developments could require us to make additional significant expenditures. Continued government and public emphasis on environmental issues can be expected to result in increased future investments for environmental controls at production facilities. Present and future environmental laws and regulations applicable to processing and production of biofuels, more vigorous enforcement policies and discovery of currently unknown conditions may require substantial expenditures that could have a material adverse effect on the results of our contemplated operations and financial position. The hazards and risks associated with processing, producing and transporting biofuels (such as fires, natural disasters, explosions, and abnormal pressures and blowouts) may also result in personal injury claims or damage to property and third parties. As protection against operating hazards, we intend to maintain insurance coverage against some, but not all, potential losses. We could, however, sustain losses for uninsurable or uninsured risks, or in amounts in excess of existing insurance coverage. Events that result in significant personal injury or damage to our property or third parties or other losses that are not fully covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on the results of our contemplated operations and financial position. 11 Competition due to advances in alternative fuels may lessen the demand for biofuel and negatively impact our profitability. Alternative fuels, gasoline oxygenates, ethanol and biofuel production methods are continually under development. A number of automotive, industrial and power generation manufacturers are developing alternative clean power systems using fuel cells or clean-burning gaseous fuels that, like biofuel, may address increasing worldwide energy costs, the long-term availability of petroleum reserves and environmental concerns. Additionally, there is significant research and development being undertaken regarding the production of electricity from wind, solar and tidal energy systems, among other potential sources of renewable energy. If these alternative fuels continue to expand and gain broad acceptance, we may not be able to compete effectively. This additional competition could reduce or eliminate the demand for biofuel, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Adverse public opinions concerning the biofuel industry in general could harm our business. The biofuel industry is new, and commercial public acceptance of biofuel is uncertain, especially in the United States. Public acceptance of biofuel as a reliable, high-quality alternative to petroleum diesel may be limited or slower than anticipated. Any negative public perceptions or concerns about biofuels, whether substantiated or not, may adversely affect the demand for our biofuel, which in turn could decrease our sales, harm our business and adversely affect our financial condition. The renewable energy marketplace is highly competitive and we may be unable to successfully compete. We compete in the market for renewable energy products and services which is intensely competitive. Evolving industry standards, rapid price changes and product obsolescence also impact the market. Our competitors include many domestic and foreign companies, most of which have substantially greater financial, marketing, personnel and other resources than we do. Our current competitors or new market entrants could introduce new or enhanced technologies, products or services with features that render our technologies, products or services obsolete or less marketable. Our success will be dependent upon our ability to develop products that are superior to existing products and products introduced in the future, and which are cost effective. In addition, we may be required to continually enhance any products that are developed as well as introduce new products that keep pace with technological change and address the increasingly sophisticat ed needs of the marketplace. Even if our technology currently proves to be commercially feasible, there is extensive research and development being conducted in biofuels production and other alternative energy sources that may render our technologies and protocols obsolete or otherwise non-competitive. Technological developments in any of a large number of competing processes and technologies could make our technology obsolete and we have little ability to manage that risk. There can be no assurance that we will be able to keep pace with the technological demands of the marketplace or successfully develop products that will succeed in the marketplace. As a small company with limited experience in the alternative energy sector, we will be at a competitive disadvantage to most of our competitors, which include larger, established companies that have substantially greater financial, technical, manufacturing, marketing, distribution and other resources than us. There can be no assurance that new products or technologies, presently unknown to management, will not, at any time in the future and without warning, render our technology less competitive or even obsolete. Technology advances claimed by current or new competitors may ultimately prove to make our systems obsolete. Major companies, academic and research institutions, or others, for example, could develop new fuels or new devices which could be installed at the original equipment manufacturer level 12 and which could potentially render our systems obsolete. Moreover, our technology could be susceptible to being analyzed and reconstructed by an existing or potential competitor. Although the Company may be the license holder of certain United States patents respecting its proprietary system, we may not have the financial resources to successfully defend such patent, were it to become necessary, by bringing patent infringement suits against parties that have substantially greater resources than those available to us. In addition, competitors may develop technology and systems that can be sold and installed at a lower per unit cost. There can be no assurance that we will have the capital resources available to undertake the research which may be necessary to upgrade our equipment or develop new devices to meet the efficiencies of changing technologies. Our inability to adapt to technological change could have a materially adverse effect on our results of operations. The volatility in the pricing of renewable energy may cause our potential profitability to fluctuate significantly and thereby adversely affect our success. The market price of renewable energy fuels is volatile and subject to significant fluctuations, which may cause our profitability to fluctuate significantly. The market price of renewable energy fuels is dependent on many factors, including the price of gasoline, which is in-turn dependent on the price of crude oil. Petroleum prices are highly volatile and difficult to forecast due to frequent changes in global politics and the world economy. The distribution of petroleum throughout the world is affected by incidents in unstable political environments, such as Iraq, Iran, Kuwait, and Saudi Arabia, countries comprising the former U.S.S.R., Venezuela, and other countries and regions. The industrialized world depends critically on oil from these areas, and any disruption or other reduction in oil supply can cause significant fluctuations in the prices of oil and gasoline. We cannot predict the future price of oil or gasoline. Unprofitable prices for the sale of renewable energy fuels may result from the significant fluctuations in market prices. In recent years, the price of crude oil, gasoline and renewable energy fuels have all reached historically unprecedented high levels. If the prices of gasoline and petroleum decline, we believe that the demand for and price of renewable energy fuels may be adversely affected. Fluctuations in the market price of renewable energy fuels may cause our profitability to fluctuate significantly. We believe that the production of renewable energy fuels is expanding rapidly, especially in the United States. There are a number of new plants under construction and planned for construction. We expect existing renewable energy fuel plants to expand by increasing production capacity and actual production. Increases in the demand for renewable energy fuels may not be commensurate with increasing supplies of renewable energy fuels. Thus, increased production of renewable energy fuels may lead to lower renewable energy fuel prices. The increased production of renewable energy fuels could also have other adverse effects. For example, increased renewable energy fuels production could lead to increased supplies of co-products from the production of renewable energy fuels. Those increased supplies could lead to lower prices for those co-products. Also, the increased production of renewable energy fuels could re sult in increased demand for renewable energy fuel supplies. This could result in higher prices for such supplies and cause higher renewable energy fuels production costs and will result in lower profits. We cannot predict the future price of renewable energy fuels. Any material decline in the price of renewable energy fuels will adversely affect our sales and profitability. 13 Our future is dependent, to a large degree, on technological developments in our field; if we are unable to stay current with these advancements our business may not be viable in the future, which would result in the failure of our company. The market for our products and technologies is generally characterized by research resulting in advancement which is competitive with respect to timely innovations. Accordingly, we believe that our ability to succeed in the marketing and sale of biofuels, or in the alternative, our technology, will depend significantly upon the quality of such fuels and the continued timely introduction of new and enhanced products and technologies at competitive prices. In particular, our future success is heavily dependent upon transportation fuel and energy systems. There can be no assurance that future developments within this market will be beneficial to our business or that customers will respond effectively to technological changes or new products and services within the marketplace in which we plan to operate. Risks Relating to the Offering and Ownership of Our Securities The value and transferability of your shares may be adversely impacted by the limited trading market for our stock on the OTCBB, which is a quotation system, not an issuer listing service, market or exchange. Because buying and selling stock on the OTCBB is not as efficient as buying and selling stock through an exchange, it may be difficult for you to sell your shares or you may not be able to sell your shares for an optimum trading price. The OTCBB is a regulated quotation service that displays real-time quotes, last sale prices and volume limitations in over-the-counter securities. Because trades and quotations on the OTCBB involve a manual process, the market information for such securities cannot be guaranteed. In addition, quote information, or even firm quotes, may not be available. The manual execution process may delay order processing and intervening price fluctuations may result in the failure of a limit order to execute or the execution of a market order at a significantly different price. Execution of trades, execution reporting and the delivery of legal trade confirmations may be delayed significantly. Consequently, one may not be able to sell shares of our common stock at the optimum trading prices. When fewer shares of a security are being traded on the OTCBB, volatility of prices may increase and price movement may outpace the ability to deliver accurate quote information. Lower trading volumes in a security may result in a lower likelihood of an individual’s orders being executed, and current prices may differ significantly from the price one was quoted by the OTCBB at the time of the order entry. Orders for OTCBB securities may not be canceled or edited like orders for other securities. All requests to change or cancel an order must be submitted to, received and processed by the OTCBB. Due to the manual order processing involved in handling OTC Bulletin Board trades, order processing and reporting may be delayed, and an individual may not be able to cancel or edit his order. Consequently, one may not be able to sell shares of common stock at the optimum trading prices. The dealer’s spread (the difference between the bid and ask prices) may be large and may result in substantial losses to the seller of securities on the OTCBB if the common stock or other security must be sold immediately. Further, purchasers of securities on the OTCBB may not have a bid price for securities bought and sold through the OTCBB. Due to the foregoing, demand for securities that are traded through the OTCBB may be decreased or eliminated. 14 The trading price of our common stock historically has been volatile and may not reflect its value. The trading price of our common stock has, from time to time, fluctuated widely and in the future may be subject to similar fluctuations. During the last twelve months our stock has traded at a low of $0.55 (July 13, 2007) and a high of $2.35 (November 11, 2007). The trading price may be affected by a number of factors including the risk factors set forth herein, as well as our operating results, financial condition, general economic conditions, market demand for our common stock, and various other events or factors both in and out of our control. In addition, the sale of our common stock into the public market upon the effectiveness of this registration statement could put downward pressure on the trading price of our common stock. In recent years, broad stock market indices, in general, and smaller capitalization companies, in particular, have experienced substantial price fluctuations. In a volatile market, we may experience w ide fluctuations in the market price of our common stock. These fluctuations may have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock. Mr. Harmel Rayat, our director, Chief Financial Officer and principal shareholder, owns approximately 57% of our issued and outstanding stock. This ownership interest may preclude you from influencing significant corporate decisions. Upon completion of the offering (assuming that none of the Warrants are exercised), Mr. Harmel S. Rayat, our Chief Financial Officer and director, will own beneficially, in the aggregate, 23,379,167 shares of our common stock or approximately 57% of our outstanding common stock. As a result, he will be able to exercise a controlling influence over matters requiring shareholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions, and will have significant control over our management and policies. Mr. Rayat’s interests may at times be different from yours. For example, he may support proposals and actions with which you may disagree or which are not in your interests. The concentration of ownership could delay or prevent a change in control of our company or otherwise discourage a potential acquirer from attempting to obtain control of our company, which in turn could reduce the pri ce of our common stock. In addition, Mr. Rayat could use his voting influence to maintain our existing management and directors in office, delay or prevent changes of control of our company, or support or reject other management and board proposals that are subject to shareholder approval, such as amendments to our employee stock plans and approvals of significant financing transactions. We may compete for the time and efforts of our officers and directors. Certain of our officers and directors are also officers, directors, and employees of other companies; none of our officers and directors anticipate devoting more than approximately five (5%) percent of their time to our matters. We currently have no employment agreements with any of our officers and directors imposing any specific condition on our officers and directors regarding their continued employment by us. Our proposed businesses raise potential conflicts of interests between certain of our officers and directors and us. Certain of our directors are or may become directors and employees of other technology companies and, to the extent that such other companies may participate in ventures in which we may participate, our directors may have a conflict of interest in negotiating and concluding terms regarding the extent of such participation by us and such other companies. In addition, directors may present potential prospects to such other companies rather than presenting the opportunities to us or be affiliated with 15 companies developing technologies which may compete with our technologies. We have not established any mechanisms regarding the resolution of any such conflict if it were to arise; accordingly, there is no assurance that any such conflict will be resolved in a manner that would not be adverse to our interest. We have a large number of restricted shares outstanding, a portion of which may be sold under rule 144 which may reduce the market price of our shares. Of the 42,099,166 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as at June 17, 2008, 29,127,166 shares are deemed "restricted securities," within the meaning of Rule 144; eighty (80%) percent (23,379,167 shares) of these restricted shares are owned by Mr. Harmel S. Rayat, our chief financial officer, a director and a controlling shareholder. Absent registration under the Securities Act, the sale of such shares is subject to Rule 144, as promulgated under the Securities Act. In general, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, Rule 144 permits a person who presently is not and who has not been an affiliate of ours for at least three months immediately preceding the sale and who has beneficially owned the shares of common stock for at least six months to sell such shares without regard to any of the volume limitations described above. This provision may apply as early as October 18, 2008 to the 4,000,000 shares issued in connection with the Private Placement, assuming that at such time the relevant criteria of Rule 144 is satisfied by both the shareholders owning the restricted shares and ourselves. Under Rule 144, subject to the satisfaction of certain other conditions, a person deemed to be one of our affiliates, who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock for at least one year is permitted to sell in a brokerage transaction, within any three-month period, a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of 1% of the total number of outstanding shares of the same class, or, if our common stock is quoted on a stock exchange, the average weekly trading volume during the four calendar weeks preceding the sale, if greater. This provision currently applies to the shares owned by Mr. Rayat. Accordingly, assuming all other conditions of Rule 144 are satisfied, Mr. Rayat may sell pursuant to Rule 144 approximately 420,992 of our shares owned by him every three months. The possibility that substantial amounts of our common stock may be sold under Rule 144 into the public market may adversely affect prevailing market prices for the common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital in the future through the sale of equity securities. There are options and warrants to purchase shares of our common stock currently outstanding. We have granted options and warrants to purchase an aggregate of 17,763,334 shares of our common stock to various persons and entities. The exercise prices on these options and warrants are as follows: 7,950,000 stock options at $0.13, 6,880,000 share purchase warrants at $0.05 and 2,933,334 share purchase warrants at $0.60 per share. If issued, the shares underlying these options and warrants would increase the number of shares of our common stock currently outstanding and will dilute the holdings and voting rights of our then-existing shareholders. We have the ability to issue additional shares of our common stock without asking for shareholder approval, which could cause your investment to be diluted. Our articles of incorporation authorize the Board of Directors to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock and up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock. The power of the Board of Directors to issue shares of common stock or warrants or options to purchase shares of common stock is generally not 16 subject to shareholder approval. Accordingly, any time the Board of Directors determines that it is in the best interests of the corporation to issue shares of its common stock, your investment will be diluted. We may issue preferred stock which may have greater rights than our common stock. We are permitted in our charter to issue up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Currently no preferred shares are issued and outstanding; however, we can issue shares of our preferred stock in one or more series and can set the terms of the preferred stock without seeking any further approval from our common stockholders. Any preferred stock that we issue may rank ahead of our common stock in terms of dividend priority or liquidation premiums and may have greater voting rights than our common stock. In addition, such preferred stock may contain provisions allowing them to be converted into shares of common stock, which could dilute the value of common stock to current stockholders and could adversely affect the market price, if any, of our common stock. Our compliance with changing laws and rules regarding corporate governance and public disclosure may result in additional expenses to us which, in turn, may adversely affect our ability to continue our operations. Keeping abreast of, and in compliance with, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, new SEC regulations and, in the event we are ever approved for listing on either NASDAQ or a registered exchange, NASDAQ and stock exchange rules, will require an increased amount of management attention and external resources. We intend to continue to invest all reasonably necessary resources to comply with evolving standards, which may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. This could have an adverse impact on our ongoing operations. The value and transferability of your shares may be adversely impacted by the limited trading market for our stock on the “OTCBB.” There is only a limited trading market for our shares on the OTCBB. The OTCBB is not an exchange. Trading of securities on the OTCBB is often more sporadic than the trading of securities listed on an exchange or NASDAQ. You may have difficulty reselling any of the shares that you purchase from the selling stockholders. We are not certain that a more active trading market in our common stock will develop, or if such a market develops, that it will be sustained. Sales of a significant number of shares of our common stock in the public market could result in a decline in the market price of our common stock, particularly in light of the illiquidity and low trading volume in our common stock. Our common stock is a "penny stock," and because "penny stock” rules will apply, you may find it difficult to sell the shares of our common stock you acquired in this offering. Our common stock is a “penny stock” as that term is defined under Rule 3a51-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Generally, a "penny stock" is a common stock that is not listed on a securities exchange and trades for less than $5.00 a share. Prices often are not available to buyers and sellers and the market may be very limited. Penny stocks in start-up companies are among the riskiest equity investments. Broker-dealers who sell penny stocks must provide purchasers of these stocks with a standardized risk-disclosure document prepared by the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission. The document provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks involved in investing in the penny stock market. A broker must also give a purchaser, orally or in writing, bid and offer quotations and information regarding broker and salesperson compensation, make a written determination 17 that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser, and obtain the purchaser's written agreement to the purchase. Many brokers choose not to participate in penny stock transactions. Because of the penny stock rules, there is less trading activity in penny stocks and you are likely to have difficulty selling your shares. We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to support the development and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Our payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors after taking into account various factors, including but not limited to our financial condition, operating results, cash needs, growth plans and the terms of any credit agreements that we may be a party to at the time. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize their investment. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase the shares offered by us pursuant to this prospectus. FINRA sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder’s ability to buy and sell our stock. In addition to the “penny stock” rules described below, the FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer’s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, the FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. The FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. Because all of our directors and officers are located outside of the United States, investors may be limited in their ability to enforce civil actions against our assets or our directors and officers We are a company incorporated under the laws of Nevada but because we are a company headquartered in Canada our investors may have difficulty enforcing civil liabilities under the U.S. federal securities laws against our officers and directors, especially because all of our directors and officers reside in Canada. Because some of our assets are located outside the U.S., it may be difficult for an investor to sue, for any reason, us or any of our directors or officers through U.S. jurisdictions. If an investor was able to obtain a judgment against us or any of our directors or officers in a U.S. court based on U.S. securities laws or other reasons, it may be difficult to enforce such judgment in Canada. We are uncertain as to the enforceability, in original actions in Can adian courts, of liability based upon the U.S. federal securities laws and as to the enforceability in Canadian courts of judgments of U.S. courts obtained in actions based upon the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws. 18 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act. Forward-looking statements, which involve assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies, and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words “ may ,” “ will ,” “ should ,” “ expect ,” “ anticipate ,” “ estimate ,” “ believe ,” “ intend ,” or “ project ” or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. These statements are expressed in good faith and based upon a reasonable basis when made, but there can be no assurance that these expectations will be achieved or accomplished. Such forward-looking statements include statements regarding, among other things, (a) the potential markets for our technologies, our potential profitability, and cash flows (b) our growth strategies, (c) expectations from our ongoing sponsored research and development activities (d) anticipated trends in the technology industry, (e) our future financing plans and (f) our anticipated needs for working capital. This information may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from the future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. These statements may be found under “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ” and “ Description of Our Business and Properties ,” as well as in this prospectus generally. Actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed in forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, without limitation, the risks outlined under “ Risk Factors ” and matters described in this prospectus generally. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this filing will in fact occur. In addition to the information expressly required to be included in this filing, we will provide such further material information, if any, as may be necessary to make the required statements, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. Although forward-looking statements in this report reflect the good faith judgment of our management, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to known and unknown risks, business, economic and other risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to be materially different from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this report, other than as may be required by applicable law or regulation. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, f inancial condition, results of operation and cash flows. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or if the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from those expected or projected. We will have little likelihood of long-term success unless we are able to continue to raise capital from the sale of our securities until, if ever, we generate positive cash flow from operations. You should review carefully the section entitled " Risk Factors " beginning on page 7 of this prospectus for a discussion of these and other risks that relate to our business and investing in shares of our common stock. 19 RECENT FINANCING On April 17, 2008, we consummated the sale of an aggregate of 4,000,000 shares of our common stock and Series B Warrants to purchase up to an additional 4,000,000 shares of our common stock at a per share purchase price of $0.60 for an aggregate purchase price of $2,400,000 pursuant to the terms of a Subscription Agreement effective as of April 17, 2008 with certain Investors who are signatories to the Subscription Agreement; the Investors are institutional and other accredited investors, as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. The securities that were issued to the Investors in the Private Placement were not registered under the Securities Act, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. In connection with the Subscriptions Agreement we entered into a Registration Rights Agreement dated April 17, 2008 with the Investors. Pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, we have agreed to register the resale of the Private Placement Shares and the Warrant Shares on a registration statement to be filed by us with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ SEC”) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. We have agreed to use our commercially reasonable efforts to file the registration statement with the SEC within 60 days after April 17, 2008, to cause such registration statement to b e declared effective by the SEC within the earlier of 90 days after April 17, 2008 (or, in the event, of a review by the SEC, 150 days after April 17, 2008) or the 5 th business day following the date on which we are notified by the SEC that the SEC will not review the registration statement or that the SEC has no further comments on the registration statement and to cause such registration statement to remain effective for the required registration period. The Registration Rights Agreement does not provide for any penalties in the event we are not able to meet the aforesaid target dates. The 4,000,000 shares issued in the Private Placement, the 1,166,666 issued upon exercise of the Series B Warrants, the 2,933,334 shares issuable upon exercise, if any, of the outstanding Series B Warrants, as well as the 583,333 shares purchased by certain of the Selling Stockholders, are collectively the subject of the registration statement of which this prospectus is part. The Series B Warrants are exercisable for a period of two years at an initial exercise price of $0.60 per share beginning on April 17, 2008. The number of shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and the exercise price of the Series B Warrants are adjustable in the event of stock splits, combinations and reclassifications, but not in the event of the issuance by us of additional securities, unless such issuance is at a price per share which is less than the then applicable exercise price of the warrants, in which event then the exercise price shall be reduced and only reduced to equal lower issuance price and the number of shares issuable upon exercise thereof shall be increased such that the aggregate exercise price payable thereunder, after taking into account the decrease in the exercise price, shall be equal to the aggregate exercise price prior to such adjustment. Pursuant to the Subscription Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, we and the Investor have made other covenants and representations and warranties regarding matters that are customarily included in financings of this nature. In the event that during the twelve month period following the Closing Date, International Energy issues shares at a price per share which is less than $0.60 (“ Base Share Price” ), then International Energy is required to issue to the investors the number of shares equal to (1) the quotient of the aggregate purchase price payable under the Securities Purchase Agreement divided by Base Share Price less (2) the quotient of the aggregate purchase price divided by the per share purchase price under the Securities Purchase Agreement. 20 In connection with the Private Placement, we paid a commission of 100,000 units, each consisting of one share (the “ Commission Shares ”) of our common stock and one Series B Warrant to one registered broker dealer. We are not registering the Commission Shares for resale. USE OF PROCEEDS This prospectus relates to the resale of certain shares of our common stock that may be offered and sold from time to time by the Selling Stockholders. This prospectus also relates to shares of our common stock to be issued to persons who exercise the Series B Warrants. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares of common stock in this offering. However, we will receive proceeds from the exercise of any Series B Warrants and we will use any such proceeds for working capital purposes. DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE The selling stockholders will determine at what price they may sell the offered shares, and such sales may be made at prevailing market prices, or at privately negotiated prices. Please refer to “Plan of Distribution.” MARKET PRICE OF AND DIVIDENDS ON OUR COMMON STOCK AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Market Information-the OTCBB Our common stock is quoted on the OTCBB under the symbol “ IENI .” As of June 17, 2008, there were 42,099,166 shares of our common stock outstanding and held by 57 stockholders of record. As of June 17, 2008, we had 6,880,000 shares of common stock reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding Series A Warrants, we had 2,933,334 shares of common stock reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding Series B Warrants and 7,950,000 reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding employee stock options. We have no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. The following table sets forth the range of high and low closing bid quotations for our common stock from April 1, 2005 through March 31, 2008. The quotations represent inter-dealer prices without retail markup, markdown or commission, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. FISCAL YEAR 2008 HIGH LOW First Quarter 2008 $1.55 $0.35 Fourth Quarter 2007 $2.35 $0.75 Third Quarter 2007 $2.00 $0.55 Second Quarter 2007 $0.73 $0.45 FISCAL YEAR 2007 HIGH LOW First Quarter 2007 $0.51 $0.51 Fourth Quarter 2006 $0.75 $0.35 Third Quarter 2006 $0.50 $0.35 Second Quarter 2006 $0.65 $0.35 21 FISCAL YEAR 2006 HIGH LOW First Quarter 2006 $1.01 $0.62 Fourth Quarter 2005 $0.77 $0.60 Third Quarter 2005 $0.90 $0.51 Second Quarter 2005 $1.05 $0.13 At June 17, 2008, the closing price of our common stock was $1.29 Currently, there is only a limited public market for our stock on the OTCBB. You should also note that the OTCBB is not a listing service or exchange, but is instead a dealer quotation service for subscribing members. If our common stock is not quoted on the OTCBB or if a public market for our common stock does not develop, then investors may not be able to resell the shares of our common stock that they have purchased and may lose all of their investment. If we do establish a trading market for our common stock, the market price of our common stock may be significantly affected by factors such as actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operation results, general market conditions and other factors. In addition, the stock market has from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have particularly affected the market prices for the shares of developmental stage companies, which may materially adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Accordingly, investors may find that the price for our securities may be highly volatile and may bear no relationship to our actual financial condition or results of operation. Dividends We have not paid any dividends on our common stock and our board of directors presently intends to continue a policy of retaining earnings, if any, for use in our operations. The declaration and payment of dividends in the future, of which there can be no assurance, will be determined by the board of directors in light of conditions then existing, including earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors. The Nevada Revised Statutes prohibit us from declaring dividends where, if after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend: · We would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business; or · Our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the rights of stockholders who have preferential rights superior to those receiving the distribution. Except as set forth above, there are no restrictions that currently materially limit our ability to pay dividends or which we reasonably believe are likely to limit materially the future payment of dividends on common stock. Transfer Agent The transfer agent of our common stock is Holladay Stock Transfer, Inc., 2939 North 67th Place, Scottsdale, Arizona 85251. Penny Stock The Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Our stock is currently a “penny stock.” Penny stocks are 22 generally equity securities with a price of less than $5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the Nasdaq system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the Commission, which: (a) contains a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; (b) contains a description of the broker’s or dealer’s duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to a violation to such duties or other requirements of Securities’ laws; (c) contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; (d) contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; (e) defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and (f) contains such other information and is in such form as the Commission shall require by rule or regulation. The broker-dealer also must provide to the customer, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, (a) bid and offer quotations for the penny stock; (b) the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; (c) the number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; and (d) monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer’s account. In addition, the penny stock r ules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser’s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitably statement. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our stock if it becomes subject to these penny stock rules. Rule 144 Of the 42,099,166 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding, assuming no warrants are exercised, 29,127,166 shares are deemed "restricted securities," within the meaning of Rule 144; eighty (80%) percent (approximately 23,379,167 shares) of these restricted shares are owned by Mr. Harmel S. Rayat, our chief financial officer, a director and a controlling shareholder. Absent registration under the Securities Act, the sale of such shares is subject to Rule 144, as promulgated under the Securities Act. In general, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, Rule 144 permits a person who presently is not and who has not been an affiliate of ours for at least three months immediately preceding the sale and who has beneficially owned the shares of common stock for at least six months to sell such shares without regard to any of the volume limitations described above. This provision may apply as early as October 18, 2008 to the 4,100,000 shares (inclusive of the Commission Shares) issued in connection with the Private Placement, assuming that at such time the relevant criteria of Rule 144 is satisfied by both the shareholders owning the restricted shares and ourselves. Under Rule 144, subject to the satisfaction of certain other conditions, a person deemed to be one of our affiliates, who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock for at least one year is permitted to sell in a brokerage transaction, within any three-month period, a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of 1% of the total number of outstanding shares of the same class, or, if our common stock is quoted on a stock exchange, the average weekly trading volume during the four calendar weeks preceding the sale, if greater. This provision currently applies to the shares owned by Mr. Rayat. 23 Accordingly, assuming all other conditions of Rule 144 are satisfied, Mr. Rayat may sell pursuant to Rule 144 approximately 420,992 of our shares owned by him every three months. The possibility that substantial amounts of our common stock may be sold under Rule 144 into the public market may adversely affect prevailing market prices for the common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital in the future through the sale of equity securities. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Overview We are a development stage company currently engaged in an effort to develop processes and technologies permitting the commercially viable extraction of “biofuels” from algae. Please refer to “Description of Our Business and Properties.” We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on November 6, 1998, under the name “e.Deal.net, Inc.,” with an authorized capital of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value of $0.001 per share, and 1,000,000 preferred stock, par value of $0.01 per share. Our initial business operations focused on the establishment of an online used car exchange. We were not successful in our efforts and ceased providing online automotive information; on June 20, 2005, we amended our Articles of Incorporation to effect a change of name to “International Energy, Inc.,” to reflect our entry into the energy industry; initially, through IEC., our wholly owned subsidiary, we commenced operations as an oil and gas exploration company while winding down our online automotive services. Although we acquired interests in various land leases, we were unable to timely implement our exploration program as a result of the unavailability of adequate drilling equipment and qualified personnel. Consequently, our property interests lapsed. In September of 2007 our Board of Directors concluded that our best interests as well as those of our shareholders would be served by remaining in the energy sector but redirecting our focus from oil and gas exploration to the acquisition, development and commercialization of alternative (renewable) energy technologies. In furtherance of our business, on September 17, 2007, through IEC, we entered into the Research Agreement with The Regents of the University of California. Our Research Project aims to develop protocols for the growth of microalgal cultures and for the generation of long chain liquid hydrocarbons. These hydrocarbons are derived directly from the photosynthesis of the green microalgae. Please refer to “Description of Our Business and Properties.” Results of Operations Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2008 versus the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2007 Revenues: We did not generate any revenues in the years ended March 31, 2008 and March 31, 2007. General and Administrative Expenses: During the year ended March 31, 2008, our general and administrative expenses increased 76% to $385,141 in the year ended March 31, 2008, from $218,985 in 24 the same period in 2007. This increase was primarily attributable to an increase in investor relations expenses that incurred in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2008. Interest Income: Interest income increased 38% to $2,893 in the year ended March 31, 2008, from $2,098 during the same period in 2007. This was the result of higher average cash balances maintained during 2008. Provision for Income Taxes: As of March 31, 2008, our accumulated deficit was $2,098,499, and as a result, there has been no provision for income taxes to date. Net Loss: Our net loss in the year ended March 31, 2008 increased 83% to $411,934, from $224,862 in the same period in 2007 due in increased investor relations expenses and research and development costs. Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2007 versus the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2006 Revenues: We did not generate any revenues in the years ended March 31, 2007 and March 31, 2006. General and Administrative Expenses: During the year ended March 31, 2007, we incurred $218,985 in general and administrative expenses, a decrease of 73% over year end March 31, 2006 expenses of $836,681. The decrease is primarily attributable to the options issued for services expense of $785,536 in 2006. Write off oil, gas and mineral leases: During the year ended March 31, 2007, we wrote off oil, gas and mineral leases of $112,000. Interest Income: Interest income was $2,098 and $2,581 for the years ended March 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. Interest earned in the future will be dependent on our funding cycles and prevailing interest rates. Provision for Income Taxes: As of March 31, 2007, our accumulated deficit was $1,686,565, and as a result, there has been no provision for income taxes to date. Net Loss: For the year ended March 31, 2007, we recorded a net loss of $224,862, a decrease of 73%, compared to a net loss of $842,155 for the same period in 2006. The decrease is primarily attributable to the options issued for services expense of $785,536 in 2006. Liquidity and Future Capital Requirements As of March 31, 2008 we had a cash balance of $797,725. We have financed our operations primarily through the sale of equity securities and through a loan in the amount of $510,000 from certain of our shareholders. We recently completed a private placement of shares of our common stock generating proceeds to us of $2,400,000. For the next twelve months, through IEC, we plan to be involved in the research and development of our algae to biofuel Research Project. Due to the “start up” nature of our business, we expect to incur losses as it expands. To date, our cash flow requirements have been primarily met by debt and equity financings. Management believes that we have sufficient cash flow to meet our capital requirements for at least the next twelve months. Management expects to keep operating costs to a minimum until cash is 25 available through financing or operating activities. Management plans to continue to seek other sources of financing on favorable terms; however, there are no assurances that any such financing can be obtained on favorable terms, if at all. If we are unable to generate profits or unable to obtain additional funds for our working capital needs, we may need to cease or curtail operations. Furthermore, there is no assurance the net proceeds from any successful financing arrangement will be sufficient to cover cash requirements during the initial stages of the Company’s operations. Related Party Transactions Management fees: During the year ended March 31, 2008, the Company paid $4,700 (2007: $8,900) in management fees to directors and $216,268 for the period from inception (November 6, 1998) to March 31, 2008. Accrued management fees: An amount of $162,945 was accrued for management services provided by two directors in previous years. Short term notes - related party: On March 31, 2008, the Company repaid all the short term notes and interest to its former President, Herdev S. Rayat, including four separate loans bearing interest at 7.25% per annum advanced to the Company the following dates: February 13, 2001 ($40,000); April 24, 2001 ($40,000); June 8, 2001 ($20,000); and July 26, 2001 ($10,000) and another two loans of $300,000 on October 16, 2007 and $100,000 on January 31, 2008 to the Company bearing interest at 10.75% and 10.25% per annum respectively. Interest expense was $29,578 (2007: $7,975) for the year ended March 31, 2008, and $77,285 for the period from inception (November 6, 1998) to March 31, 2008. Rent: The Company’s principal office is located at 1628 West 1st Avenue, Suite 216, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, V6J 1G1. These premises are owned by a private corporation controlled by a Director and majority shareholder. The Company pays a monthly rent of C$700 effective from April 1, 2006. The Company paid rent to the lessor of $8,139 (2006: $7,422) for the year ended March 31, 2008 and $15,561 for the period from inception (November 6, 1998) to March 31, 2008. Warrants: As of March 31, 2008, 1,560,000 share purchase warrants were held by Harmel S. Rayat, the majority stockholder of the Company. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock at $0.05 per share and will expire in October 2008. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock at $0.05 per share and will expire in October 2008. Mr. Harmel S. Rayat is also a director and stockholder of each of PhytoMedical Technologies, Inc., Entheos Technologies, Inc., Octillion Corp., MicroChannel Technologies Corporation and HepaLife Technologies, Inc. All related party transactions are recorded at the exchange amount established and agreed to between related parties and are in the normal course of business. Going Concern We have been a development stage company and have incurred net operating losses of $2,098,499 since inception (November 6, 1998). The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, which contemplates our continuation as a going concern, which is dependent upon our ability to establish ourselves as a profitable business. 26 Due to the start-up nature of our business, we expect to incur losses as it expands. To date, our cash flow requirements have been primarily met by debt and equity financings. We believe that we currently have sufficient working capital to meet our capital and administrative cost requirements for at least the next twelve months. If we are unable to generate profits or unable to obtain additional funds for our working capital needs, we may have to cease operations. Management is devoting substantially all of its present efforts in establishing us in the alternative renewable energy business. To meet our objectives, we plan to raise additional funds through private or public equity investment in order to expand the range and scope of its business operations, but there is no assurance that such additional funds will be available for us to finance its operations on acceptable terms, if at all. Furthermore, there is no assurance the net proceeds from any successful financing arrangement will be sufficient to cover cash requirements during the initial stages of our operations. In view of these conditions, our ability to continue as a going concern is in substantial doubt and dependent upon achieving a profitable level of operations and on our ability to obtain necessary financing to fund ongoing operations. Management believes that its current and future plans enable it to continue as a going concern. These consolidated financial statements do not give effect to any adjustments which will be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern and therefore be required to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in other than the normal course of business and at amounts different from those reflected in the accompanying financial statements. Off Balance Sheet Arrangements We currently do not have any off-balance sheet items. Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures About Market Risk Our exposure to market risk is confined to our cash equivalents and short-term investments. We invest in high-quality financial instruments; primarily money market funds, federal agency notes, and US Treasury obligations, with the effective duration of the portfolio within one year, which we believe, are subject to limited credit risk. We currently do not hedge interest rate exposure. Due to the short-term nature of our investments, we do not believe that we have any material exposure to interest rate risk arising from our investments. Critical Accounting Policies Our discussion and analysis or plan of operations is based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to income taxes and contingencies. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.< /P> Our management believes the following critical accounting policies reflect the more significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our financial statements. 27 Income Taxes - We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. We have considered future market growth, forecasted earnings, future taxable income, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies in determining the need for a valuation allowance. We currently have recorded a full valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets as we currently believe it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Contingencies - We may be subject to certain asserted and unasserted claims encountered in the normal course of business. It is our belief that the resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations, however, we cannot provide assurance that damages that result in a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations will not be imposed in these matters. We account for contingent liabilities when it is probable that future expenditures will be made and such expenditures can be reasonably estimated. DESCRIPTION OF OUR BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus or any supplement hereto. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with different information. If anyone provides you with different information you should not rely on it. We are not making an offer to sell the shares in any jurisdiction where the offer is not permitted. You should not assume that the information contained in this prospectus is accurate as of any date other than the date on the front cover of this prospectus regardless of the date of delivery of this prospectus or any supplement hereto, or the sale of the shares. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since that date. We obtained statistical data and certain other industry forecasts used throughout this prospectus from market research, publicly available information and industry publications. Industry publications generally state that they obtain their information from sources that they believe to be reliable, but they do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information. Similarly, while we believe that the statistical and industry data and forecasts and market research used herein are reliable, we have not independently verified such data. We have not sought the consent of the sources to refer to their reports or articles in this prospectus. Overview We are a development stage company currently engaged in an effort to develop processes and technologies permitting the commercially viable extraction of extract of “biofuels” from algae. On September 17, 2007, through our wholly owned subsidiary, International Energy Corp., we commenced the development and acquisition of biofuel technologies by entering into a Research Agreement with The Regents of the University of California in the area of algal biochemistry and photosynthesis. Our Research Project aims to develop protocols for the growth of microalgal cultures and for the generation of long chain liquid hydrocarbons. These hydrocarbons are derived directly from the photosynthesis of the green microalgae. Biofuel can be solid, liquid, or gas fuels consisting of, or derived from biomass. Biomass is any organic material stored in the tissues of living plants and animals. It is a renewable energy source based on the carbon cycle, unlike other natural resources such as petroleum, coal, and nuclear fuels. These fuels are generally in the form of alcohols, esters, ethers, and other chemicals produced from biomass. Algae fuel is a biofuel derived from algae. In contrast to food crops or cellulosic materials, certain algae produce and accumulate oil naturally and can, in the process, clean up waste by 28 absorbing and utilizing nitrogen oxides and carbon dioxide, aiding in carbon sequestration and the mitigation of climate change. As a result of current high oil prices, depleting fossil oil reserves and growing concerns about increased levels of atmospheric carbon dioxide, algae has emerged as a promising source for biofuel production. Because of its unique and natural ability to produce oil, algae is considered a favorable feedstock for next-generation biofuels, which can be processed and refined into transportation fuels using currently available technology. Algae have recently emerged as a promising source for biofuel production as a result of: · high oil prices; · depleting fossil oil reserves; · growing concerns about increased levels of atmospheric carbon dioxide; and · a growing concern over the use of potential food supplies as a source of biomass. Currently, a number of companies and private institutions are conducting research in an effort to use microalgae as an energy source, with applications for biofuel, ethanol, methanol, methane and hydrogen. Employing a proprietary microalgae, we are seeking to develop advanced biotechnology protocols for enhanced growth and biofuel productivity based entirely on the photosynthesis of algae, which have the unique capability of taking a waste (zero-energy) form of carbon (CO 2 ) and converting it into a high-density liquid form of energy (natural bio-oil). We are also working to develop a novel technology to enable the continuous extraction of bio-oil from microalgae, which will allow microalgae to be processed for bio-oil separation and harvesting while preserving the viability and vitality of the cells that produce them. Microalgae, stripped of their bio-oils, can then be returned to their growth medium for further growth and hydrocarbon accumulation. This novel approach is expected to minimize biomass generation time while enhancing yields of hydrocarbon production. Our technology seeks to convert water (H 2 O) and carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) into useful long-chain liquid hydrocarbons from the photosynthesis of proprietary unicellular microalgae, which offer advantages in the production, storage and utilization of renewable biofuels, as they can be harvested easily, stored in liquid form and do not require special containment systems. Once we have succeeded in the development of our protocols, we anticipate the building of the necessary production facilities to house the bioreactor required to mass produce, market and sell our biofuels. Alternatively, depending upon then market conditions, we may elect to out-license, joint-venture, or sell our microalgae biofuel technology. Our Agreement with the Regents of the University of California On September 17, 2007, International Energy, Inc., through its wholly owned subsidiary, International Energy Corp., entered into a Research Agreement with The Regents of the University of California (“RUC”) in the area of algal biochemistry and photosynthesis. The Research Agreement expires on September 16, 2009 unless extended by mutual agreement or unless earlier terminated. 29 We have agreed to pay RUC an aggregate of $238,680 in support of the research, payable quarterly. The Principal Investigator (“PI”) responsible for oversight of our sponsored research will furnish us with ongoing research reports documenting activity, developments, and discoveries made in the course of our sponsored research at RUC, and further furnish us with an Invention Disclosure Report if any discoveries should merit the pursuit of a patent filing. Within 90 days of receiving an Invention Disclosure Report, we will advise RUC in writing whether we wish a patent application to be made with respect to such invention. If we so elect, RUC will prepare, file and prosecute such application in RUC’s name and in countries designated by us. We will reimburse RUC for reasonable expenses it has incurred and will pay expenses incurred in the future in so filing and prosecuting such applications, including attorneys' fees, taxes, annuities, issue fees, working fees, maintenance fees and renewal charges. Subject to any limitations imposed by law or by the terms of a government grant, we will be entitled to negotiate a license in good faith from RUC, at commercially reasonable royalty rates, license fees and other material terms and conditions to be negotiated in good faith by the parties, and with due consideration for the relative contributions of RUC and us required to commercialize related products, for any invention or research information. RUC is free to enter into a licensing agreement for any invention or research information with any other person if we do not give notice of commencement to negotiate a license with respect to any invention or research information within 90 days after receipt of an Invention Disclosure Report or Research Information Report or if the parties are unable to reach agreement on the terms of the license agreement within 180 days after receipt of an Invention Disclosure Report or Research In formation Report. Sales and Marketing Ultimately, we plan to market products, if any, developed from the Research Project through co-marketing, co-promotion, licensing and distribution arrangements with third party collaborators. No such arrangements presently exist. We believe that this approach will both increase market penetration and commercial acceptance of our products and enable us to avoid expending significant funds to develop a large sales and marketing organization. Please refer to “Risk Factors .” Competition Competition in the biofuels industry is growing. We are aware of a number of similar products both existing or under development. Such technologies include, but are not necessarily limited to, corn, soybeans, safflower, sunflower, rapeseed, palm oil, sorghum, cassava cellulosic materials and sugar cane, as well biofuels derived from competing algal biofuel technologies. Given the benefit of time, investment, and advances in manufacturing technologies, any of these competing technologies may achieve lower manufacturing costs, superior performance, or greater market acceptance than products we develop, if any. We face competition from many companies, major universities and research institutions in the United States and abroad. Many of our competitors have substantially greater resources, experience in conducting research, obtaining regulatory approvals for their products, operating experience, research and development and marketing capabilities and production capabilities. We will face competition from companies marketing existing products or developing new products which may render our technologies obsolete. The description of the products and technologies being developed or marketed by our competitors listed below have been taken from publicly available documents or reports filed by these companies, which include, but may not be limited to: 30 · Chevron Corporation – has research alliances with Texas A&M University, the Colorado Center for Biorefining and Biofuel, University of California, Davis and the Georgia Institute of Technology, all focused on various aspects of cellulosic biofuel production and conversion. · PetroSun Inc. - is scheduled to begin operating The Rio Hondo, Texas algae farm in Spring 2008, and has allocated 20 acres to researching and developing an algal JP8 jet fuel. · Pacific BioDiesel Technologies- has experience with constructing and operating biodiesel plants, as well as producing and marketing fuels. The company is engaged in biodiesel fuel services research and development for the production of American Society for Testing and Materials-quality biodiesel from multiple feedstocks. · Royal Dutch Shell PLC – has engaged in a joint venture to develop biofuels with HR Biopetroleum using algae in an effort to develop sustainable fuel. The newly formed joint venture company, Cellana, constructing a demonstration facility on the Kona coast of Hawaii Island. · Solix Biofuels – is pursuing a closed algae growth system for the production of biofuel and has already developed early first and second generation prototypes. These companies may have numerous competitive advantages when compared to us, including: · significantly greater name recognition; · established distribution networks; · more advanced technologies and product development; · additional lines of products, and the ability to offer rebates, higher discounts or incentives to gain a competitive advantage; · greater experience in conducting research and development, manufacturing, obtaining regulatory approval for products, and marketing approved products; and · greater financial and human resources for product development, sales and marketing, and patent litigation. Our commercial success will depend on our ability and the ability of our sublicensees, if any, to compete effectively in product development areas such as, but not limited to, safety, price, marketing and distribution. There can be no assurance that competitors will not succeed in developing products that are more effective than products, if any, we may derive from our research and development efforts or that would render any such products obsolete and non-competitive. Accordingly, in addition to our research and development efforts, we have undertaken a public relations/advertising program designed to establish our "brand" name recognition early on in our corporate development; we intend to continue to develop and market our brand name pending commercialization of products, if any, we may derive from our research and development efforts. We believe our strategy ultimately will facilitate the marketing, distribution and public acceptance of any products we may derive from our research and development efforts if and when regulatory approval is received. Competition with respect to our technologies is and will be based, among other things, on safety, reliability, availability, price and patent position. Another important factor will be the timing of market introduction of our competitive products. Accordingly, the speed with which we can develop products derived from our biofuel technology, complete requisite testing for safety and commercial product launch, and ultimately supply commercial quantities of the products to the market is expected to be an important 31 competitive factor. Our competitive position will also depend upon our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, to obtain patent protection or otherwise develop proprietary products or processes, and to secure sufficient capital resources for the often substantial period between technological conception and commercial sales. Please refer to " Risk Factors." Regulatory Matters National, state, and local governmental policies have, and will continue to play a critical role in further development of the renewable fuels industry. We will become subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to the discharge of materials into the air, water and ground, the generation, storage, handling, use, transportation and disposal of hazardous materials, and the health and safety of our employees. In addition, some of these laws and regulations require our contemplated facilities to operate under permits that are subject to renewal or modification. These laws, regulations and permits can often require expensive pollution control equipment or operational changes to limit actual or potential impacts to the environment. A violation of these laws and regulations or permit conditions can result in substantial fines, natural resource damages, criminal sanctions, permit revocations and/or facility shutdowns. Furthermore, upon implementing our plan, we may become liable for the investigation and cleanup of environmental contamination at each of the properties that we own or operate and at off-site locations where it may arrange for the disposal of hazardous substances. If these substances have been or are disposed of or released at sites that undergo investigation and/or remediation by regulatory agencies, we may be responsible under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, or CERCLA, or other environmental laws for all or part of the costs of investigation and/or remediation, and for damages to natural resources. We may also be subject to related claims by private parties alleging property damage and personal injury due to exposure to hazardous or other materials at or from those properties. Some of these matters may require expending significant amounts for investigation, cleanup, or other costs. In addition, new laws, new interpretations of existing laws, increased governmental enforcement of environmental laws, or other developments could require us to make additional significant expenditures. Continued government and public emphasis on environmental issues can be expected to result in increased future investments for environmental controls at production facilities. Present and future environmental laws and regulations applicable to processing and production of biofuels, more vigorous enforcement policies and discovery of currently unknown conditions may require substantial expenditures that could have a material adverse effect on the results of our contemplated operations and financial position. The hazards and risks associated with processing, producing and transporting biofuels (such as fires, natural disasters, explosions, and abnormal pressures and blowouts) may also result in personal injury claims or damage to property and third parties. As protection against operating hazards, we intend to maintain insurance coverage against some, but not all, potential losses. We could, however, sustain losses for uninsurable or uninsured risks, or in amounts in excess of existing insurance coverage. Events that result in significant personal injury or damage to our property or third parties or other losses that are not fully covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on the results of our contemplated operations and financial position. 32 Employees In addition to the part time management services provided to us by Mr. Cooper and Mr. Rayat, we have administrative clerical and office staff consisting of two full-time employees and two part-time employees. All of our research and development activities are provided on our behalf by scientists and others employed by academic institutions with which we have agreements or by third party providers. Property Our executive offices are located at 1628 West 1st Ave., Suite 216, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada V6J1G1. A private corporation controlled by Mr. Harmel S. Rayat, our secretary, treasurer, chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, director and majority shareholder, owns these premises. We have a one year lease, beginning on April 1, 2006 and will be automatically renewed for successive one year terms unless terminated by either party in writing at least 30 days prior to the end of the then current term. We share these facilities with several other companies with which Mr. Rayat is affiliated. The rent for the office is $700.00 Cdn. per month. Our algae biofuels research is conducted in approximately 1,800 square feet of laboratory facilities and 1,200 square feet of laboratory common-use space (471 Koshland Hall, MC-3102, Berkeley, CA 94720) provided by the Regents of the University of California under our sponsored research agreement, at no cost to us. We believe that our office and the laboratory facilities are sufficient and adequate for our purposes given our present staff and research objectives. Legal Proceedings We are currently not a party to any material pending legal proceedings or government actions, including any bankruptcy, receivership, or similar proceedings. In addition, management is not aware of any known litigation or liabilities involving the operators of our properties that could affect our operations. Should any liabilities incur in the future, they will be accrued based on management’s best estimate of the potential loss. As such, there is no adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flow at this time. Furthermore, we do not believe that there are any proceedings to which any of our directors, officers, or affiliates, any owner of record of the beneficially or more than five percent of our common stock, or any associate of any such director, officer, affiliate, or security holder is a party adverse or has a material interest adverse to us. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CONTROL PERSONS Directors and Executive Officers The following table sets forth the names and ages of all of our current directors and executive officers. We have a Board of Directors comprised of 2 members. Executive officers serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors and are appointed by the Board of Directors. Each director holds office until a successor is duly elected or appointed. Officers are elected annually by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the board. Also provided herein are brief descriptions of the business experience of each of the directors and officers during the past five years, and an indication of directorships held by each director in other 33 companies subject to the reporting requirements under the Federal securities law. As of December 31, 2007, the members of our Board of Directors and our executive officers were as follows: Name Age Position Held Position Since Derek J. Cooper 31 President, Chief Executive Officer, Director January 21, 2005 Harmel S. Rayat 47 Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer, Principal Accounting Officer, Director July 24, 2002 Biographical Information Derek J. Cooper President, CEO, Director. Mr. Derek J. Cooper earned his Bachelor of Science degree in Physics in 2001 and his Bachelor of Applied Science in Geological Engineering in 2005, both at the University of British Columbia. He is also a Chartered Financial Analyst candidate. From January 2003 through September 2003, Mr. Derek Cooper joined Syncrude Canada Ltd., the world's largest producer of crude oil from oil sands and the largest single source producer in Canada. While completing his Applied Sciences degree, from June 2004 thru September 2004, Mr. Cooper undertook and completed a near-term engineering-exploration contract with Stealth Minerals Ltd. From 2005 to March 2008, Mr. Cooper worked at Elk Valley Coal, the world's second largest producer of metallurgical coal, as a Drill and Blast Engineer. In April 2008 Mr. Cooper joined TransAlta, a Dow Jones Sustainability World Index listed power generation and wholesale marketing company, as Intermediate Engineer in the Fuel Systems Group where he performs life-of-mine planning, costing and capital equipment selection and feasibility. Mr. Cooper joined the Company as President, CEO and Director on January 21, 2005. Harmel S. Rayat Since January 2002, Mr. Rayat has been president of Montgomery Asset Management Corporation, a privately held firm providing financial and management consulting services to emerging growth corporations. During the past five years, Mr. Rayat also has served, at various times, as a director, executive officer and majority shareholder of a number of publicly traded and privately held corporations, including, Octillion Corp. (currently secretary, treasurer, chief financial officer, director, and majority shareholder), PhytoMedical Technologies, Inc. (currently secretary, treasurer, chief financial officer, director, and majority shareholder), HepaLife Technologies, Inc. (currently secretary, treasurer, chief financial officer, director, and majority shareholder), Entheos Technologies, Inc. (currently president, chief executive officer, chief financial officer, director, and majority shareholder), and International Energy, Inc . (currently secretary, treasurer, chief financial officer, director and majority shareholder) and MicroChannel Technologies Corporation (currently secretary, treasurer, chief financial officer, director and majority shareholder). Compensation of Directors Other than Mr. Derek Cooper, who receives $350.00 per month for his services as our President and $100.00 per board meeting, the directors are not currently compensated, although each is entitled to be reimbursed for reasonable and necessary expenses incurred on our behalf. During the years ended 34 March 31, 2008 and 2007, $4,700 and $8,900 respectively was paid to directors for services rendered. Please refer to “Executive Compensation.” Family Relationships and Other Matters There are no family relationships between any of our directors, executive officers and other key personnel. Legal Proceedings During the past five years, except as set forth below, none of our directors, executive officers, promoters or control persons has been: · the subject of any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; · convicted in a criminal proceeding or is subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); · subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; or · found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law. On October 23, 2003, Mr. Harmel S. Rayat, EquityAlert.com, Inc., and Innotech Corporation, of which Mr. Rayat had served at various times as a director and officer, along with certain other individuals, collectively “the respondents,” consented to a cease-and-desist order pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act of 1933. Without admitting or denying the findings of the Securities and Exchange Commission related to the public relation and stock advertising activities of EquityAlert.com, Inc. and Innotech Corporation agreed to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations and any future violations of, among other things, Section 5(a) and 5(c) of the Securities Act of 1933. EquityAlert.com, Inc. and Innotech Corporation agreed to pay disgorgement and prejudgment interest of $31,555.14. Scientific Advisory Board Although we do not currently have a scientific advisory board, we intend at some point in our development efforts that we will be assisted in our research and development activities by a scientific advisory board. We intend that the members of the advisory board will be composed of physicians and scientists who will review our research and development, discuss technological advances relevant to us and our business and otherwise assist us. Our management will appoint the members of the advisory board and will appoint any successors or additions as necessary. We are presently in the process of identifying prospective advisory board members. There is no assurance that we will be able to attract qualified persons to become members of our scientific advisory board. 35 Code of Ethics Our board of directors has adopted a code of conduct and ethics that establishes the standards of ethical conduct applicable to all directors, officers and employees of our company. The code addresses, among other things, conflicts of interest, compliance with disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, corporate opportunities and confidentiality requirements. The audit committee is responsible for applying and interpreting our code of conduct and ethics in situations where questions are presented to it. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The following table shows, for the three-year period ended March 31, 2008, the cash compensation paid by the Company, as well as certain other compensation paid for such year, to the Company's Chief Executive Officer and the Company's other most highly compensated executive officers. Except as set forth on the following table, no executive officer of the Company had a total annual salary and bonus for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2008 that exceeded $100,000. Summary Compensation Table Securities Underlying Name and Options All Other Principal Position Year Salary Bonus Other Granted Compensation Total Derek Cooper 2008 $0 $0 $4,700 0 $0 $4,700 President, CEO, 2007 $0 $0 $4,500 0 $0 $4,500 Director 2006 $0 $0 $4,200 0 $0 $4,200 Harmel S. Rayat 2008 $0 $0 $0 0 $0 $0 Secretary, Treasurer, 2007 $0 $0 $3,300 0 $0 $3,300 Director 2006 $0 $0 $3,600 0 $0 $3,600 Rakesh Shankar (1) 2008 $0 $0 $0 0 $0 $0 Director 2007 $0 $0 $1,100 0 $0 $1,100 2006 $0 $0 $0 0 $0 $0 (1) Resigned as Director on April 30, 2006 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End As of March 31, 2008, we had an active stock option plan that provides shares available for options granted to employees, directors and others. Options granted to employees under our option plan generally vest over one to five years or as otherwise determined by the plan administrator. Options to purchase shares expire no later than ten years after the date of grant. A total of 20,000,000 options may be granted under the plan. We have issued 8,000,000 (50,000 have been exercised) options and has reserved 12,000,000 additional shares for future issuances. There are no employment contracts or agreements between us and any of our directors and officers. We are an early stage development company with limited capital resources; our officers and directors have agreed to serve with nominal or no compensation. However none of our officers and directors other than Messrs. Cooper and Rayat devote up to 5% of their business time to our operations 36 Director Compensation For fiscal 2008, 2007 and 2006, we did pay cash compensation to certain directors, for serving as such. The directors will be reimbursed for all out-of-pocket expenses incurred in their capacities as members of the board. Other than Mr. Derek Cooper, who receives $350.00 per month for his services as our President and $100.00 per board meeting, the directors are not currently compensated, although each is entitled to be reimbursed for reasonable and necessary expenses incurred on our behalf. Corporate Governance We are not listed on a US securities exchange and, therefore, not subject to the corporate governance requirements of any such exchange, including those related to the independence of directors. At this time we do not have any independent directors nor do we have an independent audit, compensation, or corporate governance committees of the Board. Upon our listing on any national securities exchange or any inter-dealer quotation system, we will elect such independent directors as is necessary. Directors’ and Officers’ Liability Insurance We do not currently maintain directors and officers liability insurance coverage. We are currently reviewing insurance policies and anticipate obtaining coverage for our board of directors and officers prior to September 30, 2008. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of June 17, 2008 by: · each person (or group of affiliated persons) who is known by us to beneficially own 5% or more of our common stock; · each of our directors; · each of our named executive officers; and · all of our directors and executive officers as a group. The percentages of common stock beneficially owned are reported on the basis of regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission governing the determination of beneficial ownership of securities. Under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of the security. Except as indicated in the footnotes to this table, each beneficial owner named in the table below has sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned and each person's address is c/o our principal office address. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Number of Shares Beneficially Owned(1) Percentage Beneficially Owned Derek Cooper 216 – 1628 West 1 st Avenue Vancouver, BC V6J 1G1 0 0% 37 Harmel S. Rayat 216 – 1628 West 1 st Avenue Vancouver, BC V6J 1G1 24,939,167(2) 59% All directors and executive officers as a group (2 persons) 24,939,167 59% (1) Shares of common stock beneficially owned and the respective percentages of beneficial ownership of common stock assumes the exercise of all options, warrants and other securities convertible into common stock beneficially owned by such person or entity currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of June 17, 2008. Shares issuable pursuant to the exercise of stock options and warrants exercisable within 60 days are deemed outstanding and held by the holder of such options or warrants for computing the percentage of outstanding common stock beneficially owned by such person, but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of outstanding common stock beneficially owned by any other person. (2) Includes 23,379,167 shares and 1,560,000 share purchase warrants. TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PERSONS, PROMOTERS AND CERTAIN CONTROL PERSONS Management fees: During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 we paid management fees of respectively, $4,700, $8,900 and $9,450. Accrued management fees: An amount of $162,945 was accrued for management services provided by two of our directors, Mr. Herdev S. Rayat and Mr. Harmel S. Rayat, in previous years. Short term note - related party: On March 31, 2008, the Company repaid all the short term notes and interest to its former President, Herdev S. Rayat, including four separate loans bearing interest at 7.25% per annum advanced to the Company the following dates: February 13, 2001 ($40,000); April 24, 2001 ($40,000); June 8, 2001 ($20,000); and July 26, 2001 ($10,000) and another two loans of $300,000 on October 16, 2007 and $100,000 on January 31, 2008 to the Company bearing interest at 10.75% and 10.25% per annum respectively. Interest expenses were $29,686 (2007: $7,975) for the year ended March 31, 2008, and $77,285 for the period from inception (November 6, 1998) to March 31, 2008. Rent: Our principal office is located at 1628 West 1st Avenue, Suite 216, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, V6J 1G1. These premises are owned by a private corporation controlled by Mr. Harmel S. Rayat. We rent the premises on a month to month basis; the rental arrangement may be terminated by us without penalty. The Company pays a monthly rent of C$700 effective from April 1, 2006. The Company paid rent to the lessor of $8,139 (2006: $7,422) for the year ended March 31, 2008 and $15,561 for the period from inception (November 6, 1998) to March 31, 2008. Warrants: As of March 31, 2008, 1,560,000 share purchase warrants were held by the majority stockholder of the Company. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock at $0.05 per share and will expire in October 2008. Mr. Harmel S. Rayat is also a director and stockholder of each of PhytoMedical Technologies, Inc., Entheos Technologies, Inc., Octillion Corp., MicroChannel Technologies Corporation and HepaLife Technologies, Inc. All related party transactions are recorded at the exchange amount established and agreed to between related parties and are in the normal course of business. 38 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES General We are authorized to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock having a par value of $0.01 per share. As of June 17, 2008, a total of 42,099,166 shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding; no shares of preferred stock were issued and outstanding. All of the outstanding and issued capital stock is, and will be, fully paid and non-assessable. Common Stock The holders of common stock are entitled to one vote per share. Our certificate of incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting. The holders of our common stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends, if any, as may be declared by the board of directors out of legally available funds. Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets that are legally available for distribution. The holders of our common stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of our common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock, which may be designated solely by action of the board of directors and issued in the future. Preferred Stock Our Articles of Incorporation vests our Board of Directors with authority to divide the preferred stock into series and to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of the shares of any such series so established to the full extent permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada and the Articles of Incorporation. Holders of the preferred stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record. Holders of the preferred stock vote with holders of the common stock as one class. There are no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Warrants The following warrants are currently issued and outstanding: There are currently 6,880,000 Series A Warrants issued and outstanding. Each Series A Warrant gives its holder the right to purchase one share of common stock for $0.05. The Series A Warrants expire on October 17, 2008. There are currently 2,933,334 Series B Warrants issued and outstanding. Each Series B Warrant gives its holder the right to purchase one share of common stock for $0.60. The Series B Warrants expire on April 16, 2010. Options As of March 31, 2008, 7,950,000 options for shares were outstanding under our approved stock option plan and 12,000,000 shares were available for future grants under our stock option plans. Holders 39 of options do not have any of the rights or privileges of our stockholders, including voting rights, prior to exercise of the options. The number of shares of common stock for which these options are exercisable and the exercise price of these options are subject to proportional adjustment for stock splits and similar changes affecting our common stock. We have reserved sufficient shares of authorized common stock to cover the issuance of common stock subject to the options. Registration Rights Except for the registration rights with respect to the shares registered pursuant to the Registration Statement of which this Prospectus is part, we have not granted any registration rights to any person. Shares Eligible For Future Sale Future sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could adversely affect market prices prevailing from time to time. Under the terms of this offering, the shares of common stock offered may be resold without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act of 1933, except that any shares purchased by our “affiliates,” as that term is defined under the Securities Act, may generally only be sold in compliance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act. Sale of Restricted Shares Certain shares of our outstanding common stock were issued and sold by us in private transactions in reliance upon exemptions from registration under the Securities Act and have not been registered for resale. Additional shares may be issued pursuant to outstanding warrants and options. Such shares may be sold only pursuant to an effective registration statement filed by us or an applicable exemption, including the exemption contained in Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act. At the date of this prospectus, we have outstanding 42,099,166 of common stock. Of these shares, approximately 12,972,000 are freely tradable by persons other than our affiliates, without restriction under the Securities Act; and 29,127,166 shares are restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act and may not be sold unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available (including Rule 144). As of December 31, 2007, shares were held by persons who may be deemed our affiliates and may only be sold publicly pursuant to Rule 144. In general, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, Rule 144 permits a person who presently is not and who has not been an affiliate of ours for at least three months immediately preceding the sale and who has beneficially owned the shares of common stock for at least six months to sell such shares without regard to any of the volume limitations described above. This provision may apply as early as October 18, 2008 to the 4,100,000 shares (inclusive of the Commission Shares) issued in connection with the Private Placement, assuming that at such time the relevant criteria of Rule 144 is satisfied by both the shareholders owning the restricted shares and ourselves. Under Rule 144, subject to the satisfaction of certain other conditions, a person deemed to be one of our affiliates, who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock for at least one year is permitted to sell in a brokerage transaction, within any three-month period, a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of 1% of the total number of outstanding shares of the same class, or, if our common stock is quoted on a stock exchange, the average weekly trading volume during the four calendar weeks preceding the sale, if greater. This provision currently applies to the shares owned by Mr. Rayat. Accordingly, assuming all other conditions of Rule 144 are satisfied, Mr. Rayat may sell pursuant to Rule 144 approximately 420,992 of our shares owned by him every three months. 40 The possibility that substantial amounts of our common stock may be sold under Rule 144 into the public market may adversely affect prevailing market prices for the common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital in the future through the sale of equity securities. SELLING STOCKHOLDERS The following table presents information regarding the Selling Stockholders. The percentage of outstanding shares beneficially owned is based on 42,099,166 shares of common stock issued and outstanding on June 17, 2008. Information with respect to beneficial ownership is based upon information provided to us by the Selling Stockholders. Except as may be otherwise described below, to the best of our knowledge, the named Selling Shareholder beneficially owns and has sole voting and investment authority as to all of the shares set forth opposite his name, none of the selling stockholders is known to us to be a registered broker-dealer or an affiliate of a registered broker-dealer. Each of the selling stockholders has acquired his, her or its shares solely for investment and not with a view to or for resale or distribution of such securities. Name of Selling Stockholders (1) No. of Shares Beneficially Owned Prior to the Offering Percentage of Issued and Outstanding Shares Owned Prior to the Offering Number of Shares To Be Sold In This Offering Percentage of Shares To Be Owned After the Offering Michael and Betsy Brauser Tenants by Entirety 2,000,000 4.75 % 2,000,000 0% Edwin W. Colman Children’s Trust(2) 666,666 1.58% 666,666 0% HUG Funding LLC(3) 833,334 1.98% 833,334 0% GRQ Consultants Defined Benefit Pension Plan(4) 1,666,666 3.96% 1,666,666 0% Jeffrey McLaughlin 63,334 0.15% 63,334 0% Continental American Resources, Inc.(5) 240,000 0.57% 240,000 0% Alpha Capital Anstalt (6)(11) 333,333 0.79% 333,333 0% Ellis International Ltd. (7)(11) 166,667 0.40% 166,667 0% Momona Capital LLC (8)(11) 83,333 0.20% 83,333 0% Palladium Capital Advisors, LLC(9) 100,000 0.24% 100,000 0% Frances Petryshen 30,000 0.07% 30,000 0% 41 Whalehaven Capital Fund Limited(10) 2,500,000 5.94% 2,500,000 0% Total 8,683,333 20.63% 8,683,333 0% (1) Except as otherwise noted in the notes to this table, to the best of our knowledge, the Selling Stockholders have not had a short position in our common stock; is not a broker-dealer or an affiliate of a broker-dealer (a broker-dealer may be a record holder); has not held any position or office, or has had any material relationship with us or any of our affiliates within the past three years. The Selling Stockholders and any broker-dealers or agents that are involved in selling these shares are deemed to be underwriters within the meaning of the Securities Act for such sales. An underwriter is a person who has purchased shares from an issuer with a view towards distributing the shares to the public. In such event, any commissions received by such broker-dealers or agents and any profit on the resale of the shares purchased by them may be considered to be underwriting commissions or discounts under the Securities Act. (2 ) Robert S. Colman is the trustee of the Edwin W. Colman Children’s Trust and, in such capacity, may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power over the securities held for the account of this selling stockholder. (3) Mr. Daniel Saks is the Managing Member of HUG Funding LLC and, in such capacity, may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power over the securities held for the account of this selling stockholder. (4) Mr. Barry Honig has voting and depositor authority. (5) Mr. Carl Suter is the President of Continental American Resources, Inc. and, in such capacity, may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power over the securities held for the account of this selling stockholder. (6) Mr. Konrad Ackermann is Director of Alpha Capital Anstalt and, in such capacity, may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power over the securities held for the account of this selling stockholder. (7) Mr. Wilhelm Unger is the Director of Ellis International Ltd., and, in such capacity, may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power over the securities held for the account of this selling stockholder. (8) Mr. Arie Rabinowitz is the President of Momona Capital, LLC and, in such capacity, may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power over the securities held for the account of this selling stockholder. (9) These shares represent the shares issuable upon exercise of the Series B Warrants issued to Palladium Capital Advisors LLC. Mr. Joel Padowitz is the CEO of Palladium Capital Advisors, LLC and, in such capacity, may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power over the securities held for the account of this selling stockholder. The Commission Shares issued to Palladium Capital Advisors, Ltd. have not been registered for resale. (10 Mr. Michael Finkelstein is an Investment Manager of Whalehaven Capital Master Fund and, in such capacity, may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power over the securities held for the account of this selling stockholder. (11) These shares were not acquired as part of the Private Placement. The Selling Stockholders may offer and sell, from time to time, any or all of our common stock issued to them. Because the Selling Stockholders may offer all or only some portion of the 8,683,333 shares of common stock registered, no exact number can be given as to the amount or percentage of these shares of common stock that will be held by the Selling Stockholders upon termination of the offering. We can only make estimates and assumptions. The number of shares listed in the category entitled “Percentage of Issued and Outstanding Shares Owned After the Offering,” in the table above, represent an estimate of the number of shares of common stock that will be held by the Selling Stockholders after the offering. To arrive at this estimate, we have assumed that the Selling Stockholders will sell all of the shares to be registered pursuant to this offering. Please refer to “Plan of Distribution.” 42 Other than the relationships described in the table and footnotes, none of the Selling Stockholders had or have any material relationship with our company or any of its affiliates within the past three years. None of the Selling Stockholders is a broker-dealer or an affiliate of a broker-dealer. We may require the Selling Stockholders to suspend the sales of the securities offered by this prospectus upon the occurrence of any event that makes any statement in this prospectus or the related registration statement untrue in any material respect or that requires the changing of statements in these documents in order to make statements in those documents not misleading. Under Rule 13d-3, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in this table does not necessarily reflect the person's actual ownership or voting power with respect to the number of shares of common stock actually outstanding on February 12, 2008. Please refer to “Plan of Distribution.” On April 17, 2008, the date we consummated the Private Placement, the share price of our common stock as reported on the OTCBB was $1.70 per share; accordingly, at a per share purchase price of $0.60 per share, reflecting a 65% discount to market. The following table sets forth the potential profit (based on the discount to market) each Investor could realize, as of such date, based on the discounted purchase price: Selling Security Holder Market Price per Share of Common Stock on April 17, 2008 Aggregate Number of Shares Acquired Combined Market Price of Shares Aggregate Purchase Price of Shares Total Possible Discount to Market Price HUG Funding LLC $1.70 416,667 $708,333.90 $250,000.20 $458,333.70 Frances Petryshen $1.70 15,000 $25,500 $9,000 $16,500 Jeffrey McLaughlin $1.70 31,667 $53,833.90 $19,000.20 $34,833.70 Edwin W. Colman Children’s Trust $1.70 333,333 $566,666.10 $199,999.80 $366,666.30 Michael and Betsy Brauser Tenants by Entirety $1.70 1,000,000 $1,700,000 $600,000 $1,100,000 Whalehaven Capital Fund Limited $1.70 1,250,000 $2,125,000 $750,000 $1,375,000 Continental American Resources, Inc. $1.70 120,000 $204,000 $72,000 $132,000 GRQ Consultants Defined Benefit Pension Plan $1.70 833,333 $1,416,666.10 $499,999.80 $916,666.30 The following tables show the total possible profit (based on the discount to market) as at April 17, 2008 to be realized as a result of the exercise of Warrants that are held by the Selling Stockholders or any affiliates of the Selling Stockholders. 43 Selling Security Holder Market Price per Share of Common Stock on April 17, 2008 Exercise price of Warrants Aggregate Shares Underlying Warrants Combined Market Price of Shares Underlying Warrants Aggregate Price of Shares Underlying Warrants Total Possible Discount to Market Price HUG Funding LLC $1.70 $0.60 416,667 $708,333.90 $250,000.20 $458,333.70 Frances Petryshen $1.70 $0.60 15,000 $25,500 $9,000 $16,500 Jeffrey McLaughlin $1.70 $0.60 31,667 $53,833.90 $19,000.20 $34,833.70 Edwin W. Colman Children’s Trust $1.70 $0.60 333,333 $566,666.10 $199,999.80 $366,666.30 Michael and Betsy Brauser Tenants by Entirety $1.70 $0.60 1,000,000 $1,700,000 $600,000 $1,100,000 Whalehaven Capital Fund Limited $1.70 $0.60 1,250,000 $2,125,000 $750,000 $1,375,000 Continental American Resources, Inc. $1.70 $0.60 120,000 $204,000 $72,000 $132,000 GRQ Consultants Defined Benefit Pension Plan $1.70 $0.60 833,333 $1,416,666.10 $499,999.80 $916,666.30 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION Each Selling Stockholder of the common stock and any of their pledgees, assignees and successors-in-interest may, from time to time, sell any or all of their shares of common stock on the Over the Counter Bulletin Board or any other stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the shares are traded or in private transactions. These sales may be at fixed or negotiated prices. A Selling Stockholder may use any one or more of the following methods when selling shares: · ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers; · block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the shares as agent but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction; · purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account; · an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange; · privately negotiated transactions; · settlement of short sales entered into after the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part; · broker-dealers may agree with the Selling Stockholders to sell a specified number of such shares at a stipulated price per share; · through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise; · a combination of any such methods of sale; or · any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law. 44 The Selling Stockholders may also sell shares under Rule 144 under the Securities Act, if available, rather than under this prospectus. Broker-dealers engaged by the Selling Stockholders may arrange for other brokers-dealers to participate in sales. Broker-dealers may receive commissions or discounts from the Selling Stockholders (or, if any broker-dealer acts as agent for the purchaser of shares, from the purchaser) in amounts to be negotiated, but, except as set forth in a supplement to this Prospectus, in the case of an agency transaction not in excess of a customary brokerage commission in compliance with FINRA NASD Rule 2440; and in the case of a principal transaction a markup or markdown in compliance with NASD IM-2440. In connection with the sale of the common stock or interests therein, the Selling Stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of the common stock in the course of hedging the positions they assume. The Selling Stockholders may also sell shares of the common stock short and deliver these securities to close out their short positions, or loan or pledge the common stock to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these securities. The Selling Stockholders may also enter into option or other transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions or the creation of one or more derivative securities which require the delivery to such broker-dealer or other financial institution of shares offered by this prospectus, which shares such broker-dealer or other financial institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction). The Selling Stockholders and any broker-dealers or agents that are involved in selling the shares may be deemed to be “underwriters” within the meaning of the Securities Act in connection with such sales. In such event, any commissions received by such broker-dealers or agents and any profit on the resale of the shares purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts under the Securities Act. Each Selling Stockholder has informed us that it does not have any written or oral agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the Common Stock. In no event shall any broker-dealer receive fees, commissions and markups which, in the aggregate, would exceed eight percent (8%). We are required to pay certain fees and expenses incurred by the Company incident to the registration of the shares. We have agreed to indemnify the Selling Stockholders against certain losses, claims, damages and liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Because Selling Stockholders may be deemed to be “underwriters” within the meaning of the Securities Act, they will be subject to the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act including Rule 172 thereunder. In addition, any securities covered by this prospectus which qualify for sale pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act may be sold under Rule 144 rather than under this prospectus. There is no underwriter or coordinating broker acting in connection with the proposed sale of the resale shares by the Selling Stockholders. We agreed to keep this prospectus effective until the earlier of (i) the date on which the shares may be resold by the Selling Stockholders without registration and without regard to any volume limitations by reason of Rule 144 or any other rule of similar effect or (ii) all of the shares have been sold pursuant to this prospectus or Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect. The resale shares will be sold only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers if required under applicable state securities laws. In addition, in certain states, the resale shares may not be sold unless they have been registered or qualified for sale in the applicable state or an exemption from the registration or qualification requirement is available and is complied with. Under applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act, any person engaged in the distribution of the resale shares may not simultaneously engage in market making activities with respect to the common stock for the applicable restricted period, as defined in Regulation M, prior to the commencement of the distribution. In addition, the Selling Stockholders will be subject to applicable 45 provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, including Regulation M, which may limit the timing of purchases and sales of shares of the common stock by the Selling Stockholders or any other person. We will make copies of this prospectus available to the Selling Stockholders and have informed them of the need to deliver a copy of this prospectus to each purchaser at or prior to the time of the sale (including by compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act). LEGAL PROCEEDINGS From time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. We are currently not aware of any other legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have, individually, or in the aggregate, a material adverse affect on our business, financial condition or operating results. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION OF OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS; INSURANCE Our Articles of Incorporation limit the liability of directors to the maximum extent permitted by Nevada law. Nevada law provides that directors of a corporation will not be personally liable for monetary damages for breach of their fiduciary duties as directors, except liability for: · any breach of their duty of loyalty to the corporation or its shareholders; · acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law · unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions; or · any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. Our Bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors, officers, employees and other agents to the fullest extent permitted by law. We believe that indemnification under our Bylaws covers at least negligence and gross negligence on the part of indemnified parties. Our Bylaws also permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director, employee or other agent for any liability arising out of his or her actions in connection with their services to us, regardless of whether our Bylaws permit such indemnification. There is no pending litigation or proceeding involving any of our directors or officers as to which indemnification is required or permitted, and we are not aware of any threatened litigation or proceeding that may result in a claim for indemnification. Insofar as an indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act, may be permitted for directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission each indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES Our directors and officers are indemnified by our bylaws against amounts actually and necessarily incurred by them in connection with the defense of any action, suit or proceeding in which they are a 46 party by reason of being or having been our directors or officers or of our subsidiaries. Our articles of incorporation provide that none of our directors or officers shall be personally liable for damages for breach of any fiduciary duty as a director or officer involving any act or omission of any such director or officer. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, may be permitted to such directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities, other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by such director, officer or controlling person in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding, is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. LEGAL MATTERS The validity of the common stock offered hereby will be passed upon for by Sierchio Greco & Greco, LLP, New York, New York. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. EXPERTS The financial statements for the years ended March 31, 2008 and 2007 included in this prospectus have been audited by Peterson Sullivan P.L.L.C., an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report appearing herein and elsewhere in the registration statement, and are included in reliance upon the report of such firm given upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION We file current, quarterly and annual reports with the SEC on forms 8-K, 10-QSB and 10-KSB. Our filings may be inspected and copied at the Public Reference Room maintained by the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You can obtain information about operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Copies of such material can be obtained from the public reference section of the SEC at prescribed rates. For further information with respect to us and the securities being offered hereby, reference is hereby made to the registration statement, including the exhibits thereto and the financial statements, notes, and schedules filed as a part thereof. 47 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS INTERNATIONAL ENERGY, INC. Index to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM F-1 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AS OF MARCH 31, 2008 AND 2007 F-2 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS FOR YEARS ENDED F-3 MARCH 31, 2008 AND 2007 AND FROM INCEPTION (NOVEMBER 6, 1998) TO MARCH 31, 2008 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS’ F-4 EQUITY (DEFICIENCY) FROM INCEPTION (NOVEMBER 6, 1998) TO MARCH 31, 2008 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED F-6 MARCH 31, 2008 AND 2007 AND FROM INCEPTION (NOVEMBER 6, 1998) TO MARCH 31, 2008 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-7 48 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors International Energy, Inc. Vancouver, British Columbia We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of International Energy, Inc. and Subsidiaries ("the Company") (a development stage company) as of March 31, 2008 and 2007, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficiency), and cash flows for the years ended March 31, 2008 and 2007, and for the period from November 6, 1998 (inception) to March 31, 2008. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company has determined that it is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principl es used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of International Energy, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of March 31, 2008 and 2007, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years ended March 31, 2008 and 2007, and for the cumulative period from November 6, 1998 (inception) to March 31, 2008, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has experienced recurring losses from operations since inception and has a substantial accumulated deficit. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. /S/ PETERSON SULLIVAN PLLC May 20, 2008 Seattle, Washington F-1 INTERNATIONAL ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (Formerly "e.Deal.net, Inc.") (A Development Stage Company) CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS March 31, 2008 and March 31, 2007 (Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 2008 2007 ASSETS Current assets Cash $ 797,725 $ 23,531 Prepaid expenses - 27 Total current assets 797,725 23,558 Computer equipment, net - 219 Total assets $ 797,725 $ 23,777 LIABILITIES Current Accounts payable and accrued liabilities $ 83,750 $ 2,999 Accrued management fees - related party 162,945 162,945 Accrued interest - related party - 43,869 Notes payable - related party - 110,000 Total liabilities 246,695 319,813 Committments and Contingencies (Note 4) STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIENCY) Stockholders' Deficiency Preferred stock: $0.01 par value; Authorized: 1,000,000 shares Issued and outstanding: None - - Common stock: $0.001 par value; Authorized: 100,000,000 shares Issued and outstanding: 36,932,500 shares 11,611 11,611 Additional paid-in capital 1,378,918 1,378,918 Common stock issuable 1,259,000 - Deficit accumulated during the development stage (2,098,499) (1,686,565) Total stockholders' equity (deficiency) 551,030 (296,036) Total liabilities and stockholders' equity (deficiency) $ 797,725 $ 23,777 (The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements) F-2 INTERNATIONAL ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (Formerly "e.Deal.net, Inc.") (A Development Stage Company) CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS for the years ended March 31, 2008 and 2007 and from inception (November 6, 1998) to March 31, 2008 From Inception (November 6, 1998) to March 31, (Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 2008 2007 2008 Revenue $ - $ - $ - Expenses Depreciation 219 716 5,673 General and administrative 55,578 35,504 361,466 Investor relations 227,000 - 227,000 Management and consulting fees - related party (Note 8) 4,700 8,900 216,268 Rent - related party 8,139 7,422 43,192 Research and development 89,505 - 89,505 Salaries and benefits - - 95,024 Stock based compensation - 54,443 839,979 Website fees - related party - - 48,050 Write off of oil, gas and mineral leases - 112,000 112,000 385,141 218,985 2,038,157 Operating Loss (385,141) (218,985) (2,038,157) Other income (expenses) Interest income 2,893 2,098 16,943 Interest expense (29,686) (7,975) (77,285) (26,793) (5,877) (60,342) Net loss available to common shareholders $ (411,934) $ (224,862) $ (2,098,499) Loss per share - basic and diluted $ (0.01) $ (0.01) Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 36,949,788 36,932,500 (The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements) F-3 INTERNATIONAL ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (Formerly "e.Deal.net, Inc.") (A Development Stage Company) CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIENCY) from inception (November 6, 1998) to March 31, 2008 Common Deficit accumulated Common Stock Additional stock during development Total Stockholders' (Expressed in U.S. Dollars) Shares Amount paid-in capital issuable stage equity (deficiency) Inception, November 6, 1998 - $ - $- $- $- $ - Common stock issued at $0.001 per share to a related party for management services 20,000,000 5,000 - - - 5,000 Common stock issued for cash at $0.25 per share fiscal year ended March 31, 1999 1,360,000 340 84,660 - - 85,000 Loss, inception (November 6, 1998) to March 31, 1999 - - - (7,470) (7,470) Balance, March 31, 1999 21,360,000 5,340 84,660 - (7,470) 82,530 Loss, year ended March 31, 2000 - - - - (16,185) (16,185) Balance, March 31, 2000 21,360,000 5,340 84,660 - (23,655) 66,345 Loss, year ended March 31, 2001 - - - - (171,793) (171,793) Balance, March 31, 2001 21,360,000 5,340 84,660 - (195,448) (105,448) Common stock issued for cash at $0.10 per share, October 17, 2001 10,000,000 2,500 247,500 - - 250,000 Loss, year ended March 31, 2002 - - - - (144,541) (144,541) Balance, March 31, 2002 31,360,000 7,840 332,160 - (339,989) 11 Common stock issued to a related party for services rendered at $0.08 per share, August 5, 2002 2,402,500 601 47,449 - - 48,050 Common stock issued to a related party for services rendered at $0.08 per share, August 5, 2002 1,200,000 300 23,700 - - 24,000 Cancellation of previously issued common stock, February 4, 2003 (1,200,000) (300) (23,700) - - (24,000) Loss, year ended March 31, 2003 - - - - (149,933) (149,933) Balance, March 31, 2003 33,762,500 8,441 379,609 - (489,922) (101,872) Loss, year ended March 31, 2004 - - - - (70,132) (70,132) F-4 Balance, March 31, 2004 33,762,500 8,441 379,609 - (560,054) (172,004) Loss, year ended March 31, 2005 - - - - (59,494) (59,494) - Balance, March 31, 2005 33,762,500 8,441 379,609 - (619,548) (231,498) Common stock issued upon exercised of warrants, at $0.05 per share, June 9, 2005 & June 30, 2005. 3,120,000 3,120 152,880 - - 156,000 Common stock issued upon exercised of stock option, at $0.13 per share, October 7, 2005 50,000 50 6,450 - - 6,500 Stock based compensation expense - - 785,536 - - 785,536 Loss, year ended March 31, 2006 - - - - (842,155) (842,155) Balance, March 31, 2006 36,932,500 11,611 1,324,475 - (1,461,703) (125,617) Stock based compensation expense - - 54,443 - 54,443 Loss, year ended March 31, 2007 - - - - (224,862) (224,862) Balance, March 31, 2007 36,932,500 11,611 1,378,918 - (1,686,565) (296,036) Common stock issuable in March 2008 - - - 1,259,000 - 1,259,000 Loss, year ended March 31, 2008 - - - - (411,934) (411,934) Balance, March 31, 2008 36,932,500 $11,611 $1,378,918 $1,259,000 $(2,098,499) $551,030 (The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements) F-5 INTERNATIONAL ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (Formerly "e.Deal.net, Inc.") (A Development Stage Company) CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS for the years ended March 31, 2008 and 2007 and from inception (November 6, 1998) to March 31, 2008 From Inception (November 6, 1998) to March 31, (Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 2008 2007 2008 Cash flows from operating activities Net Loss $ (411,934) $ (224,862) $ (2,098,499) Reconciliation of net loss to net cash from operating activities: Depreciation 219 716 5,673 Common stock issued for services - - 53,050 Stock based compensation expenses - 54,443 839,979 Write off of oil, gas and mineral leases - 112,000 112,000 Change in non-cash working capital items: Decrease (increase) in prepaid expenses 27 1,215 - Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 80,751 1,896 83,750 Increase (decrease) in accrued management fees -related party - - 162,945 Increase (decrease) in accrued interest -related party (43,869) 7,974 - Net cash flow used in operating activities (374,806) (46,618) (841,102) Cash flows from investing activities Purchase of property and equipment - - (5,673) Purchase of oil, gas and mineral leases - - (112,000) Net cash flow used in investing activities - - (117,673) Cash flows from financing activities Common stock issuable 1,259,000 - 1,259,000 Proceed from issuance of common stock - - 497,500 Proceed from loans from related party 400,000 510,000 Repayment of loans from related party (510,000) - (510,000) Net cash flow provided by financing activities 1,149,000 - 1,756,500 Increase (decrease) in cash 774,194 (46,618) 797,725 Cash , beginning of period 23,531 70,149 - Cash , end of period $ 797,725 $ 23,531 $ 797,725 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Interest paid in cash $ 73,555 $ - $ 77,286 Income tax paid in cash $ - $ - $ - (The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements) F-6 INTERNATIONAL ENERGY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (FORMERLY “e.Deal.net, Inc.”) (An Exploration/Development Stage Company) NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS March 31, 2008 (Expressed in U.S. dollars) Note 1. Organization and Nature of Operations International Energy, Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on November 6, 1998, under the name “e.Deal.net, Inc.”, with an authorized capital of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value of $0.001 per share, and 1,000,000 preferred stock, par value of $0.01. On June 20, 2005, the Company amended its Articles of Incorporation to effect a change of name to International Energy, Inc. from e.Deal.net, Inc. On June 9, 2005, the Company incorporated two wholly owned subsidiaries; International Energy Corp. and e.Deal Enterprises Corp. Both subsidiaries are incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada. Through International Energy Corp., the Company was involved in the investigation, acquisition and exploration for petroleum and natural gas in various parts of the United States and Canada. Until August 31, 2007, the Company focused solely on petroleum and natural gas exploration. From September 2007 and onwards, the Company has shifted its focus to the development of valuable biofuels through the use of hydrocarbon generation technologies in green microalgae. In 2005, the Company ceased its business of providing online automotive information through e.Deal Enterprises Corp. The assets and liabilities, the results of operations and cash flows related to the business were not classified as discontinued operations as the amounts were not significant. Note 2. Going Concern Uncertainties The Company has been an exploration/development stage company and has incurred net operating losses of $2,098,499 since inception (November 6, 1998). The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, which contemplates continuation of the Company as a going concern, which is dependent upon the Company’s ability to establish itself as a profitable business. Due to the start-up nature of the Company’s business, the Company expects to incur losses as it expands. To date, the Company’s cash flow requirements have been primarily met by debt and equity financings. Management believes it does have sufficient cash flow to meet its capital requirements for at least the next twelve months. If the Company is unable to generate profits or unable to obtain additional funds for its working capital needs, it may have to cease operations. Management is devoting substantially all of its present efforts in securing and establishing a new business. To meet these objectives, the Company plans to raise additional funds through private or public equity investment in order to expand the range and scope of its business operations, but there is no assurance that such additional funds will be available for the Company to finance its operations on acceptable terms, if at all. Furthermore, there is no assurance the net proceeds from any successful financing arrangement will be sufficient to cover cash requirements during the initial stages of the Company’s operations. In view of these conditions, the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is in substantial doubt and dependent upon achieving a profitable level of operations and on the ability of the Company to obtain necessary financing to fund ongoing operations. Management believes that its current and future plans enable it to continue as a going concern. These consolidated financial statements do not give effect to any adjustments which will be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern and therefore be required to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in other than the normal course of business and at amounts different from those reflected in the accompanying financial statements. Note 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (a) Principles of Consolidation F-7 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, and include the accounts of International Energy, Inc. and its subsidiaries, International Energy Corp. and e.Deal Enterprises Corp., which both were incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada. All significant inter-company transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation. (b) Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Management makes its best estimate of the ultimate outcome for these items based on historical trends and other information available when the financial statements are prepared. Changes in estimates are recognized in accordance with the accounting rules for the estimate, which is typically in the period when new information becomes available to management. Actual results could differ from those estimates. (c) Related Party Transactions A related party is generally defined as (i) any person and their immediate families that holds 10% or more of the Company’s securities, (ii) the Company’s management, (iii) someone that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Company, or (iv) anyone who can significantly influence the financial and operating decisions of the Company. A transaction is considered to be a related party transaction when there is a transfer of resources or obligations between related parties. (d) Fair Value of Financial Instruments Fair value of financial instruments is made at a specific point in time, based on relevant information about financial markets and specific financial instruments. As these estimates are subjective in nature, involving uncertainties and matters of significant judgment, they cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions can significantly affect estimated fair values. The carrying values of cash and accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their fair value because of the short-term nature of these instruments. The Company places its cash with high credit quality financial institutions. The Company operates and incurs significant expenditures outside of the United States of America and is exposed to foreign currency risk due to the fluctuation between Canadian dollar and the U.S. dollar. (e) Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all highly liquid instruments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company did not have any cash equivalents at March 31, 2008 and 2007. At times, cash balances may exceed federally insured limits. (f) Computer Equipment Computer equipment is stated at cost, less depreciation, and is depreciated under the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the asset. Expenditures for betterments and additions are capitalized, while replacement, maintenance and repairs, which do not extend the lives of the respective assets, are charged to expense when incurred. (g) Income Taxes The Company accounts for income taxes under the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (“SFAS”) No. 109, “ Accounting for Income Taxes ”. Under SFAS No 109, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between the financial statements and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future, based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred income tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. Income tax expense is the tax payable or refundable for the period plus or minus the change during the period in deferred tax assets and liabilities. F-8 (h) Earnings (Loss) Per Share Basic earnings or loss per share is based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings or loss per share is based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and dilutive common stock equivalents. Basic earnings/loss per share is computed by dividing net loss (numerator) applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and issuable (denominator) for the period. All earnings or loss per share amounts in the financial statements are basic earnings or loss per share, as defined by SFAS No 128, “ Earnings Per Share .” Diluted earnings or loss per share does not differ materially from basic earnings or loss per share for all periods presented. Convertible securities that could potentially dilute basic earnings (loss) per share in the future, such as warrants and options, were not included in the computation of diluted earnings (loss) p er share because to do so would be antidilutive. All per share and per share information are adjusted retroactively to reflect stock splits and changes in par value, when applicable. (i) Stock-Based Compensation The Company accounts for stock-based compensation under SFAS No. 123(R) “Share-Based Payment”, which requires measurement of compensation cost for all stock-based awards at fair value on the date of grant and recognition of compensation over the service period for awards expected to vest. The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model. (j) Foreign Currency Transactions The Company maintains both U.S. Dollar and Canadian Dollar bank accounts at a financial institution in Canada. Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency of the Company, which is U.S. Dollars, in the following manner: At the transaction date, each asset, liability, revenue and expense is converted into the functional currency by the use of the exchange rate in effect at that date. Transaction gains and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations are included in the results of operations. (k) Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Long-lived assets of the Company are reviewed for impairment when changes circumstances require as to whether their carrying value has become impaired, pursuant to guidance established in the SFAS No. 144, “ Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets” . Management considers assets to be impaired if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds the future projected cash flows from related operations (undiscounted and without interest charges). If impairment is deemed to exist, the asset will be written down to fair value, and a loss is recorded as the difference between the carrying value and the fair value. Fair values are determined based on quoted market values, discounted cash flows or internal and external appraisals, as applicable. Assets to be disposed of are carried at the lower of carrying value or estimated net realizable value. (l) Intangible Assets The Company adopted SFAS No. 142, “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets” , which presumes that goodwill and certain intangible assets have indefinite useful lives. Accordingly, goodwill and certain intangibles will not be amortized but rather will be tested at least annually for impairment. SFAS No. 142 also addresses accounting and reporting for goodwill and other intangible assets subsequent to their acquisition. The intangible asset is not amortized but management performs the annual review for possible impairment in the fourth calendar quarter of each year or when circumstances suggest an impairment may exist. (m) New Accounting Pronouncements In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141(R), "Business Combinations" ("SFAS 141(R)"), which replaces SFAS No. 141. SFAS No. 141(R) establishes principles and requirements for how an acquirer recognizes and measures in its financial statements the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the goodwill acquired. The Statement also establishes disclosure requirements which will enable users to evaluate the nature and financial effects of the business combination. SFAS 141(R) is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2008. The F-9 adoption of SFAS 141(R) will have an impact on accounting for business combinations once adopted, but the effect is dependent upon acquisitions at that time. In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 160, "Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements - an amendment of Accounting Research Bulletin No. 51" ("SFAS 160"), which establishes accounting and reporting standards for ownership interests in subsidiaries held by parties other than the parent, the amount of consolidated net income attributable to the parent and to the non-controlling interest, changes in a parent's ownership interest and the valuation of retained non-controlling equity investments when a subsidiary is deconsolidated. The Statement also establishes reporting requirements that provide sufficient disclosures that clearly identify and distinguish between the interests of the parent and the interests of the non-controlling owners. SFAS 160 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2008. The Company has not determined the effect that the application of SFAS 160 will have on its consolidated financial s tatements. In December 2007, the FASB ratified EITF No. 07-1, Accounting for Collaborative Arrangements, that discusses how parties to a collaborative arrangement (which does not establish a legal entity within such arrangement) should account for various activities. The consensus indicates that costs incurred and revenues generated from transactions with third parties (i.e. parties outside of the collaborative arrangement) should be reported by the collaborators on the respective line items in their income statements pursuant to EITF Issue No. 99-19, Reporting Revenue Gross as a Principal Versus Net as an Agent., Additionally, the consensus provides that income statement characterization of payments between the participants in a collaborative arrangement should be based upon existing authoritative pronouncements; analogy to such pronouncements if not within their scope; or a reasonable, rational, and consistently applied accounting policy election. EITF Issue No. 07-1 is effective for financial statements beginning after December 15, 2008 and is to be applied retrospectively to all periods presented for collaborative arrangements existing as of the date of adoption. The Company is evaluating the impact, if any, the adoption of this consensus will have on the results of operations, financial position or cash flows. Note 4. Research Agreement On September 17, 2007, International Energy, Inc., through its wholly owned subsidiary, International Energy Corp., entered into a Research Agreement with The Regents of the University of California (“UOC”) in the area of algal biochemistry and photosynthesis aiming to develop protocols for the growth of microalgal cultures and for the generation of long chain liquid hydrocarbons. The contract is for a period of two years until September 16, 2009. The Company can negotiate with UOC for a license at commercially reasonable royalty rates and license fees to commercialize the related products. The Company has the right to apply for a patent on any invention made through the research. The Company agrees to pay in total $238,680 to UOC for the support of research payable on a quarterly basis. At March 31, 2008, the Company paid $59,670 to UOC for the research. Note 5. Capital Stock In March 2008, the Company has arranged to sell up to an aggregate of 4,000,000 units (the “Offered Units”) to accredited investors at a price of US $0.60 per Offered Unit. Each Offered Unit consists of one (1) share (the “Unit Shares”) of the Company’s common stock, $0.001 par value per share, one (1) Series B Non-redeemable Warrant to purchase a share of common stock at $0.60 per share for a period of 24 months from the date of issuance (the “Series B Warrants”). The Company may pay commission up to $100,000 for the transaction. At March 31, 2008, the Company received $1,259,000 for 2,098,334 Offered Units. Note 6. Stock Options As of March 31, 2008, the Company had an active stock option plan that provides shares available for options granted to employees, directors and others. Options granted to employees under the Company’s option plan generally vest over one to five years or as otherwise determined by the plan administrator. Options to purchase shares expire no later than ten years after the date of grant. A total of 20,000,000 options may be granted under the plan. The Company has issued 8,000,000 (50,000 were exercised) options and has reserved 12,000,000 additional shares for future issuances. The movement of stock options can be summarized as follows: F-10 Weighted Remaining Aggregate Number of average contractural instrinsic options exercise price terms (years) value Outstanding at March 31, 2006 7,950,000 $0.13 Granted - Outstanding at March 31, 2007 7,950,000 Granted - Outstanding at March 31, 2008 7,950,000 0.13 7.20 years $6,121,500 Exercisable at March 31, 2008 7,950,000 $0.13 7.20 years $6,121,500 Available for grant at March 31, 2008 12,000,000 The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pretax intrinsic value for all “in-the-money” options (i.e. the difference between the Company’s closing stock price on the last trading day of the period end and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of shares) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on March 31, 2008. The intrinsic value changes are based on changes in the fair market value of the Company’s stock. A summary of the Company’s unvested stock options and changes during the current period and year ended March 31, 2008 is as follows: Fair value Shares per share Unvested at March 31, 2006 2,666,667 $0.11 Vested (2,666,667) 0.11 Unvested at March 31, 2007 and 2008 - During the year ended March 31, 2008, compensation expense of $nil (2007: $54,443) was recognized for options previously granted and vesting over time. As of March 31, 2008, the Company has $nil of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options. The options outstanding and exercisable as of March 31, 2008 can be summarized as follows: Outstanding Exercisable Weighted Weighted Weighted Average Weighted Average Range of Average Remaining Average Remaining Exercise Number Exercise Contractual Number Exercise Contractual Prices Outstanding Price Life (Years) Exercisable Price Life (Years) $0.13 7,950,000 $0.13 7.20 7,950,000 $0.13 7.20 The Company does not repurchase shares to fulfill the requirements of options that are exercised. Further, the Company issues new shares when options are exercised. F-11 Note 7. Warrants The movement of stock purchase warrants can be summarized as follows: Number of Weighted average warrants exercise price Balance, March 31, 2008 and 2007 6,880,000 $0.05 On October 16, 2007, the Company renewed the expiry date of the warrants for another year. Each warrant will expire on October 17, 2008. No additional expense was recognized in connection with the extension of the expiry date as the effects were insignificant. Note 8. Related Party Transactions Management fees: During the year ended March 31, 2008, the Company paid $4,700 (2007: $8,900) in management fees to directors and $216,268 for the period from inception (November 6, 1998) to March 31, 2008. Accrued management fees: An amount of $162,945 was accrued for management services provided by two directors in previous years. Short term notes, related party: On March 31, 2008, the Company repaid all the short term notes and interest to its former President, Herdev S. Rayat, including four separate loans bearing interest at 7.25% per annum advanced to the Company the following dates: February 13, 2001 ($40,000); April 24, 2001 ($40,000); June 8, 2001 ($20,000); and July 26, 2001 ($10,000) and another two loans of $300,000 on October 16, 2007 and $100,000 on January 31, 2008 to the Company bearing interest at 10.75% and 10.25% per annum respectively. Interest expenses were $29,578 (2007: $7,975) for the year ended March 31, 2008, and $72,261 for the period from inception (November 6, 1998) to March 31, 2008. Rent: The Company’s principal office is located at 1628 West 1st Avenue, Suite 216, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, V6J 1G1. These premises are owned by a private corporation controlled by a Director and majority shareholder. The Company pays a monthly rent of C$700 effective from April 1, 2006. The Company paid rent to the lessor of $8,139 (2006: $7,422) for the year ended March 31, 2008 and $15,561 for the period from inception (November 6, 1998) to March 31, 2008. Warrants: As of March 31, 2008, 1,560,000 share purchase warrants were held by the majority stockholder of the Company. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock at $0.05 per share and will expire in October 2008. Mr. Harmel S. Rayat is also a director and stockholder of each of PhytoMedical Technologies, Inc., Entheos Technologies, Inc., Octillion Corp., MicroChannel Technologies Corporation and HepaLife Technologies, Inc. All related party transactions are recorded at the exchange amount established and agreed to between related parties and are in the normal course of business. Note 9. Income Taxes There is no current or deferred tax expense for the years ended March 31, 2008 and 2007, due to the Company's loss position. The Company has fully reserved for any benefits of these losses. The deferred tax consequences of temporary differences in reporting items for financial statement and income tax purposes are recognized, as appropriate. Realization of the future tax benefits related to the deferred tax assets is dependent on many factors, including the Company's ability to generate taxable income within the net operating loss carry-forward period. Management has considered these factors in reaching its conclusion as to the valuation allowance for financial reporting purposes and has recorded a 100% valuation allowance against the deferred tax asset. The income tax effect, utilizing a 34% income tax rate, of temporary differences giving rise to the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities is a result of the following: F-12 2008 2007 Deferred tax assets: Net operating loss carryforwards $394,201 $264,237 Stock based compensation 283,808 283,808 Accrued interest payable - 16,184 Valuation allowance (678,009) (564,229) $- $- The 2008 increase in the valuation allowance was $113,780 (2007: $76,338). The Company has available net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately $1,159,000 for tax purposes to offset future taxable income, which expires commencing 2009 through to the year 2028. Pursuant to the Tax Reform Act of 1986, annual utilization of the Company’s net operating loss carry-forwards may be limited if a cumulative change in ownership of more than 50% is deemed to occur within any three-year period. A reconciliation between the statutory federal income tax rate (34%) and the effective rate of income tax expense for each of the years during the years ended December 31 follows: 2008 2007 Statutory federal income tax rate -34.00% -34.00% Valuation allowance 34.00% 34.00% Effective income tax rate 0.00% 0.00% Note 10. Segment Information The Company’s business is considered as operating in one segment based upon the Company’s organizational structure, the way in which the operations are managed and evaluated, the availability of separate financial results and materiality considerations. Note 11. Termination of Oil and Gas Joint Venture On June 13, 2005, the Company entered into a Joint Venture Agreement with Reserve Oil and Gas, Inc. for the purpose of purchasing oil and gas leases, drilling, completing oil and gas wells and the resale of acquired leases. The Company paid cash $112,000 to purchase four leases totaling 312.7 acres in Sevier County, Utah. The Company abandoned the properties and wrote off the cost of $112,000 on March 31, 2007. On June 11, 2007, the Company terminated the Joint Venture Agreement with Reserve Oil and Gas, Inc. Note 12. Subsequent Events On April 17, 2008, the Company completed a $2,400,000 self directed private placement. The private placement consisted of the sale of 4,000,000 units (the "Units") at a price of $0.60 per Unit or $2,400,000 in the aggregate. Each Unit consisted of one share of the Company’s common stock and one Series B Warrant to purchase a share of common stock at $0.60 per share for a period of two years from the date of issuance. The total number of shares issued in the private placement was 4,000,000. F-13 PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. The fees and expenses payable by us in connection with this Registration Statement are estimated as follows: SEC Registration Fee $ 361 Accounting Fees and Expenses 5,000 Legal Fees and Expenses 35,000 Printing Expenses 1,000 Transfer Agent Fees 1,000 Miscellaneous Fees and Expenses 2,639 Total $ 45,000 Item 14. Indemnification of Officers and Directors. Section 78.7502(1) of the Nevada Revised Statutes ("NRS") authorizes a Nevada corporation to indemnify any director, officer, employee, or corporate agent "who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, except an action by or in the right of the corporation" due to his or her corporate role. Section 78.7502(1) extends this protection "against expenses, including attorneys' fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful." Section 78.7502(2) of the NRS also authorizes indemnification of the reasonable defense or settlement expenses of a corporate director, officer, employee or agent who is sued, or is threatened with a suit, by or in the right of the corporation. The party must have been acting in good faith and with the reasonable belief that his or her actions were in or not opposed to the corporation's best interests. Unless the court rules that the party is reasonably entitled to indemnification, the party seeking indemnification must not have been found liable to the corporation. To the extent that a corporate director, officer, employee, or agent is successful on the merits or otherwise in defending any action or proceeding referred to in Section 78.7502(1) or 78.7502(2), Section 78.7502(3) of the NRS requires that he be indemnified "against expenses, including attorneys' fees, actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense." Unless ordered by a court or advanced pursuant to Section 78.751(2), Section 78.751(1) of the NRS limits indemnification under Section 78.7502 to situations in which either (1) the shareholders, (2) the majority of a disinterested quorum of directors, or (3) independent legal counsel determine that indemnification is proper under the circumstances. Section 78.751(2) authorizes a corporation's articles of incorporation, bylaws or agreement to provide that directors' and officers' expenses incurred in defending a civil or criminal action must be paid by the corporation as incurred, rather than upon final disposition of the action, upon receipt by the director or officer to repay the amount if a court ultimately determines that he is not entitled to indemnification. Section 78.751(3)(a) provides that the rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights under any bylaw, agreement, shareholder vote or vote of disinterested directors. Section 78.751(3) (b) extends the rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses to former directors, officers, employees and agents, as well as their heirs, executors, and administrators. Regardless of whether a director, officer, employee or agent has the right to indemnity, Section 78.752 allows the corporation to purchase and maintain insurance on his behalf against liability resulting from his or her corporate role. At present, there is no pending litigation or proceeding involving any director, officer, employee or agent as to which indemnification will be required or permitted under the Certificate. The Registrant is not aware of any threatened litigation or other proceeding that may result in a claim for such indemnification. Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. On April 17, 2008, we consummated the sale of an aggregate of 4,000,000 shares of our common stock and Series B Warrants to purchase up to an additional 4,000,000 shares of our common stock at a per share purchase price of $0.60 for an aggregate purchase price of $2,400,000 pursuant to the terms of a Subscription Agreement effective as of April 17, 2008 with certain Investors who are signatories to the Subscription Agreement; the Investors are institutional and other accredited investors, as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. There were a total of 8 Investors. The securities that were issued to the Investors in the Private Placement were not registered under the Securities Act and were offered and sold pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securties Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder; these securities may not be offered or sold by the Investors absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Item 16. Exhibits. Exhibit No . Description of Exhibit 3.1 Articles of Incorporation 3.2 By Laws 4.1 Securities Purchase Agreement dated April 17, 2008 by and among International Energy, Inc. and Purchasers named therein and who are signatories thereto 4.2 Form of Registration Rights Agreement April 17, 2008 by and among International Energy, Inc. and entities named therein and who are signatories thereto 4.3 Form of Series B Warrant 4.4 Placement Agent Agreement with Palladium Capital Advisors, LLC 5.0 Opinion of Sierchio Greco & Greco LLP regarding the legality of the securities being registered 10.1 Research Agreement with The Regents of the University of California dated September 17, 2007 10.2 Promissory Note issued by Harmel Rayat dated October 16, 2007 23.1 Consent of Sierchio Greco & Greco LLP (included in Exhibit 5.0 hereto) 23.2 Consent of Peterson Sullivan, PLLC dated June 20, 2008 Item 17. Undertakings. The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that it will: 1. File, during any period in which it offers or sells securities, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement to: i. Include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act; ii. Reflect in the prospectus any facts or events which, individually or together, represent a fundamental change in the information in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the forgoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the "Calculation of Registration Fee" table in the effective registration statement. iii. Include any additional or changed material information on the plan of distribution. 2. For determining liability under the Securities Act, treat each post-effective amendment as a new registration statement of the securities offered, and the offering of the securities at that time to be the initial bona fide offering. 3. File a post-effective amendment to remove from registration any of the securities that remain unsold at the end of the offering. 4. For determining liability of the undersigned small business issuer under the Securities Act to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned small business issuer undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned small business issuer pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned small business issuer will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: i. Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned small business issuer relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; ii. Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned small business issuer or used or referred to by the undersigned small business issuer; iii. The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned small business issuer or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned small business issuer; and iv. Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned small business issuer to the purchaser. 5. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Act") may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the small business issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the small business issuer has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as express in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. 6. For determining any liability under the Securities Act, treat the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the small business issuer under Rule 424(b)(1), or (4), or 497(h) under the Securities Act as part of this registration statement as of the time the Commission declared it effective. 7. For determining any liability under the Securities Act, treat each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus as a new registration statement for the securities offered in the registration statement, and that offering of the securities at that time as the initial bona fide offering of those securities. SIGNATURES In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the requirements of filing on Form S-1 and authorized this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, in the City of Vancouver Province of British Columbia on June 20, 2008. International Energy, Inc. By: /s/ Derek J. Cooper Name: Derek J. Cooper Title: President and Chief Executive Officer, and Director By: /s/ Harmel S. Rayat Name: Harmel S. Rayat Title: Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer, and Director POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officers and directors of International Energy, Inc., a Nevada corporation that is filing a registration statement on Form SB-2 with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, hereby constitute and appoint Harmel S. Rayat, their true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and re-substitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any or all amendments to the registration statement, including a prospectus or an amended prospectus therein, and all other documents in connection therewith to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all interests and purposes as they might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or either of them, or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. /s/ Derek J. Cooper Dated: June 20, 2008 Name: Derek J. Cooper Title: President and Chief Executive Officer, and Director U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 INTERNATIONAL ENERGY, INC. (INDEX TO EXHIBITS) Exhibit No . Description of Exhibit 3.1 Articles of Incorporation 3.2 By Laws 4.1 Securities Purchase Agreement dated April 17, 2008 by and among International Energy, Inc. and Purchasers named therein and who are signatories thereto 4.2 Form of Registration Rights Agreement April 17, 2008 by and among International Energy, Inc. and entities named therein and who are signatories thereto 4.3 Form of Series B Warrant 4.4 Placement Agent Agreement with Palladium Capital Advisors, LLC 5.0 Opinion of Sierchio Greco & Greco LLP regarding the legality of the securities being registered 10.1 Research Agreement with The Regents of the University of California dated September 17, 2007 10.2 Promissory Note issued by Harmel Rayat dated October 16, 2007 23.1 Consent of Sierchio Greco & Greco LLP (included in Exhibit 5.0 hereto) 23.2 Consent of Peterson Sullivan, PLLC dated June 20, 2008
