Unassociated Document As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June __, 2010 Registration Statement No. 333-___________ UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 CHINA YONGXIN PHARMACEUTICALS INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 5912 20-1661391 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 927 Canada Court City of Industry, California 91748 (626) 581-9098 (Address, including zip code, and telephone lumber, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) Yongxin Liu, Chief Executive Officer 927 Canada Court City of Industry, California 91748 (626) 581-9098 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies to: Nimish Patel, Esq. Edgar Park, Esq. Dominador Tolentino, Esq. Richardson & Patel LLP 10900 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 500 Los Angeles, California 90024 Gregory Sichenzia, Esq. Thomas A. Rose, Esq. Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP 61 Broadway, 32 nd Floor New York, NY 10006 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after this registration statement becomes effective. If any of the securities being registered on this form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box. o If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company x (Do not check if smaller reporting company) CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of Each Class of Securities to be Registered Amount to be Registered Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price (1) Amount of Registration Fee Common stock, $0.001 par value per share (2) $ 23,000,000 $ 1,639.90 Shares of Common Stock underlying Underwriter’s Common Stock Purchase Warrant (3) (4) $ $ — Total $ 1,639.90 (1) Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the amount of the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(o) of the Securities Act. (2) Includes [ ] shares of common stock which may be issued pursuant to the exercise of a 45-day option granted by the registrant to the underwriters to cover over-allotments, if any. (3) No registration fee required pursuant to Rule 457(g) under the Securities Act of 1933. (4) Pursuant to Rule 416 under the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement shall be deemed to cover the additional securities (i) to be offered or issued in connection with any provision of any securities purported to be registered hereby to be offered pursuant to terms which provide for a change in the amount of securities being offered or issued to prevent dilution resulting from stock splits, stock dividends, or similar transactions and (ii) of the same class as the securities covered by this registration statement issued or issuable prior to completion of the distribution of the securities covered by this registration statement as a result of a split of, or a stock dividend on, the registered securities. The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a) may determine. The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. These securities may not be sold until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state or other jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS Subject to Completion ______, 2010 Common Stock CHINA YONGXIN PHARMACEUTICALS INC. This is a firm commitment public offering of [________] shares of our common stock. Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol “CYXND” and it will revert back to “CYXN” on or around June 24, 2010. On June 1, 2010, the last reported market price of our common stock was $5.75 per share. We intend to apply for listing of our common stock on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol “CYXN”, which listing we expect to occur immediately prior to the date of this prospectus. No assurance can be given that our application will be approved. If the application is not approved, we will not complete this offering and the shares of our common stock will continue to be traded on the OTC Bulletin Board. Investing in our common stock and warrants involves a high degree of risk. Please read our “Risk Factors” beginning on page 16. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined whether this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Per Share Total Public offering price $ $ Underwriting discounts and commissions (1) $ $ Proceeds, before expenses, to us (2) $ $ (1) Does not include a non-accountable expense allowance equal to 1% of the gross proceeds of this offering payable to Rodman & Renshaw, LLC, as lead underwriter. Non-accountable expenses are estimated to be $_______. See “Underwriting” for a description of compensation payable to the underwriter. (2) We estimate that the total expenses of this offering will be approximately $_______, consisting of $_______ for the underwriter’s non-accountable expense allowance (equal to 1% of the gross proceeds) and $_______ for legal, accounting, printing costs and various fees associated with the registration and listing of our shares. We have granted a 45-day option to Rodman & Renshaw, LLC, as lead underwriter, to purchase up to [_____] additional shares of common stock (15% of the shares sold) solely to cover over-allotments, if any. The shares issuable upon exercise of the underwriter over-allotment option are identical to those offered by this prospectus and have been registered under the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. 3 In connection with this offering, we have also agreed to sell to Rodman & Renshaw, LLC a warrant to purchase up to 5% of the shares sold in this offering (excluding the over-allotment option). If Rodman & Renshaw, LLC exercises this warrant, each share of common stock may be purchased at $ per share (125% of the price of the shares sold in the offering). We are offering the shares of common stock on a firm commitment basis. The underwriters expect to deliver our shares to purchasers in the offering on or about ______, 2010. Rodman & Renshaw, LLC The date of this prospectus is _________________, 2010 4 Corporate Offices (1) Distribution center (2) (1) China Yongxin Pharmaceuticals, Inc.’s (“China Yongxin”) main corporate offices in China located at Changchun City, Jilin Province, P.R. China. (2) The Company’s national distribution center is also located at Changchun City, Jilin Province, P.R. China. 5 Retail Drugstores (3) (3) Images of some of the Company’s various retail drugstores located in Jilin Province, P.R. China. 6 TABLE OF CONTENTS Prospectus Summary 8 Summary Financial Information 14 The Offering 15 Risk Factors 16 Forward Looking Statements 30 Use of Proceeds 31 Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 31 Dividend Policy 32 Determination of Offering Price 32 Capitalization 33 Dilution 33 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 34 Business 41 Legal Proceedings 50 Description of Property 50 Management 50 Executive Compensation 53 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 55 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 57 Description of Securities 57 Underwriting and Plan of Distribution 58 Legal Matters 66 Experts 66 Where You Can Find More Information 66 Disclosure of Commission Position of Indemnification for Securities Act Liabilities 66 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 70 Index to Financial Statements F-1 You should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by reference to this prospectus in deciding whether to purchase our common stock. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with information different from that contained or incorporated by reference to this prospectus. Under no circumstances should the delivery to you of this prospectus or any sale made pursuant to this prospectus create any implication that the information contained in this prospectus is correct as of any time after the date of this prospectus. To the extent that any facts or events arising after the date of this prospectus, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information presented in this prospectus, this prospectus will be updated to the extent required by law. We obtained statistical data, market data, and other industry data and forecasts used throughout this prospectus from market research, publicly available information, and industry publications. Industry publications generally state that they obtain their information from sources that they believe to be reliable, but they do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information. Nevertheless, we are responsible for the accuracy and completeness of the historical information presented in this prospectus, as of the date of this prospectus. 7 PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary contains basic information about us and this offering. The reader should read the entire prospectus carefully, especially the risks of investing in our common stock discussed under “Risk Factors” beginning on page 16. Some of the statements contained in this prospectus, including statements under “Prospectus Summary” and “Risk Factors” as well as those noted in the documents incorporated herein by reference, are forward-looking statements and may involve a number of risks and uncertainties. We note that our actual results and future events may differ significantly based upon a number of factors. The reader should not put undue reliance on the forward-looking statements in this document, which speak only as of the date on the cover of this prospectus. References to “we,” “our,” “us,” the “Company,” or “China Yongxin” refer to China Yongxin Pharmaceuticals Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries. Overview China Yongxin is a wholesale distributor of pharmaceuticals and health-related products, and the third largest drugstore chain in Jilin province in the northeastern region of the People’s Republic of China (“PRC” or “China”). In 2009, we were a leader in the sales and distribution of over-the-counter Chinese traditional and Western medicines, prescription pharmaceuticals, natural health products including herbal and nutritional supplements, health foods, personal care products, cosmetics and medical equipment through retail operations in northeastern China. According to the PRC National Bureau of Statistics, Jilin province had a total population of approximately 27.34 million people as of the end of 2008. We currently operate 50 stores in high-traffic residential districts. We enjoy strong brand name recognition in Jilin province, which we believe results from our many locations in high-traffic areas, our quality of service and our reputation. We believe that our customer service orientation, close contact with local community, competitive price format, and broad product offerings provide a convenient and value-oriented shopping experience for our customers and has allowed us to build customer loyalty. Our PRC operations began retail operations in 2004, and in 2005, we gained franchise rights from one of the world's largest drug chains for Jilin province. The Company has rapidly grown and it currently has a retail chain of 100 drugstore outlets as well as the wholesale distribution operations in Northeastern China. Our corporate headquarters are located in City of Industry, California and the Company’s distribution operations are based in Changchun City, Jilin Province, China. Substantially all of our employees are located in China. As of June 1, 2010, we had approximately 673 full time employees, with 143 employees with pharmaceutical education and/or training, and 17 licensed pharmacists working at our retail drugstores. Industry Background In 2004, the Chinese government initiated regulation towards separation of drug prescription and dispensation. Since then, the number of retail pharmacies in China has grown significantly. According to Business Monitor International, an independent research firm, in 2003, 25.35% of all drug sales in China were made by retail pharmacies, whereas sales through hospitals were 62.13%. In 2007, the percentage of drug sales through retail pharmacies increased to 26.83%, whereas drug sales through hospitals declined to 54.12%. Over time, we believe that a continuation of this trend will occur and more and more prescription drugs will be sold via retail drugstores versus state-run hospitals because of the immediate accessibility that retail storefront drugstores provide to consumers. The retail drugstore segment is highly fragmented consisting of several chains and a large number of single-location businesses. According to Snapshot International Ltd., China had approximately 391,500 non-hospital drugstores in 2008, up from 239,800 in 2004. According to Business Monitor International, in 2007, the amounts spent in China on prescription drugs (including patented drugs and generics) was USD$22.42 billion while over-the-counter drugs accounted for USD$7.07 billion and traditional Chinese medicine accounted for USD$21 billion. We believe that by providing our customers with convenient and professional pharmacy services through our wholesale and retail drugstore businesses, we will be able to take advantage of rising disposable income among Chinese residents, which, in turn, has fueled a growing demand in China for the Products (as defined below) we sell. Our Business Our business operates in two segments: the wholesale distribution of pharmaceuticals and other health-related products and, the operation of retail drugstores. The following table reflects the revenue contribution percentage from each of our business operations for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively: For the Years Ended December 31, 2009 2008 2007 Wholesale Distribution Operations 70.08 % 81.6 % 84 % Retail Drugstore Operations 29.2 % 18.4 % 16 % Total Revenues 100 % 100 % 100 % 8 The Products We Sell The products we sell include over-the-counter Chinese traditional and Western medicines, prescription pharmaceuticals, natural health products including herbal and nutritional supplements, health foods, personal care products, cosmetics and medical equipment (sometimes collectively referred to hereinafter as our “Products”). We also utilize our extensive retail network as a channel for our pharmacists to provide affordable, quality, health and wellness services such as providing pharmaceutical advice and nutritional information to our customers. Competitive Strengths We believe that by leveraging the following strengths, we can effectively compete and enhance our market position: 1. Management team with extensive industry experience . Our management team is comprised of 11 members with an average age of 43. Ninety percent (90%) of our management team holds at least a bachelor’s degree and 5 members hold a master’s degree. Most of our management has more than 10 years of experience working in the pharmaceutical industry. We also have 90 pharmacists, accounting for 13% of all employees. 2. Scalability, reputation, and a wide distribution and retail network . We are the largest drug distributor in Jilin province and the third largest chain drugstore retailer in Jilin province with an established reputation of providing convenient access to pharmaceutical and health-related products via our wholesale and retail distribution. 3. Unique industry position in drug distribution in Jilin province . We are the only “Pilot Pharmaceutical Logistics Enterprise” in Jilin province certified by the Jilin Food and Drug Administration and we are one of the essential drug distributors of Jilin province certified by the Jilin Health Department. 4. Use of modern information technology . We use computerized information management systems, such as Enterprise Resource Planning (“ERP”), third party logistics platform, Warehouse Management System (“WMS”), Automatic Control Selection (“WCS”) and a Technology Management System (“TMS”), to unify our management of drug distribution, operation of retail outlets and warehouses, and delivery of goods and billing. Our IT system can process real-time online orders, product storage, billing and search for storage information, order status and delivery status. 5. Strong financial performance and cash flow generation . We have enjoyed strong historical financial performance and steady cash flow. Our bank credit is rated A+ by local banks in Jilin province. We have been honored as an “AAA Rate Good Standing Enterprise” by the Provincial Business Association. Notwithstanding our competitive strengths, we expect to face certain risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to: Ÿ our ability to identify market trends and to find and introduce new products in response to those trends; Ÿ changes in economic conditions in China that may affect spending on the Products we sell; Ÿ our ability to respond to competitive market conditions; and Ÿ uncertainties with respect to the PRC legal and regulatory environments. For a full discussion of the risks associated with this offering, please see the discussion titled “Risk Factors” starting on page 16. Key Business Strategies We are implementing the following key business strategies to further improve our position as a leading pharmaceutical and healthcare distributor and retailer in Northeastern China: 9 Strengthening existing and developing new distribution channels To make full use of our advantages in our distribution channels, business network, information management and logistics, we seek to enhance and develop exclusive distributor agreements with drug suppliers and develop distribution business with hospitals, communities and health centers. We plan to establish and acquire seven drug distribution entities within eight cities in Jilin province and one drug distribution entity in each of Heilongjiang province and Liaoning province. Our goal is to become the largest Good Supply Practice (“GSP”) standardized drug distributor in Northeastern China. Improving and Expanding our Retail Pharmacies We strive to provide a convenient and value-oriented shopping experience by maintaining improved in-stock conditions, more convenient operating hours, faster customer prescription fulfillment and enhanced accessibility and interaction between our customers and pharmacists. We are responding to market demand and adopting a diversified operation mode in order to improve our profitability and competitive strength while staying in contact with our customers and local community. We intend to grow our market share in the pharmaceutical market by opening new stores, increasing comparable store sales and strategic acquisitions. Based in the city of Changchun, we plan to acquire and establish retail outlets in the cities of Baishan and Tianjin. We also plan to have approximately 300 retail drugstore outlets within the next three years. With our existing distribution and logistics business, we are expanding our network centered in Jilin province. Our goal is to become the largest chain drug store operator in Northeastern China and a top 20 drug retail company in China by December 2012. 10 Corporate Structure and History T he following diagram illustrates our corporate structure as of the da te of this prospectus : The Company was originally incorporated in Delaware on February 18, 1999 under the name of FreePCSQuote. On December 21, 2006, Changchun Yongxin Dirui Medical Co., Ltd, a Chinese corporation ("Yongxin") and all of the shareholders of Yongxin entered into a reverse acquisition transaction with the Company. On April 12, 2008, we entered into a second amended acquisition agreement with Yongxin, effective November 16, 2007, in which the Company acquired 80% of the equity interest of Yongxin, and the Company issued an aggregate of 21,000,000 shares (pre-Reverse Split) of newly issued common stock and 5,000,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to the original Yongxin shareholders and/or their designees (the “Reverse Acquisition Transaction”). For accounting purposes, this Reverse Acquistion Transaction was accounted for under GAAP as a reverse acquisition, since the original stockholders of Yongxin became the owners of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, and the directors and executive officers of Yongxin became the directors and executive officers of the Company. As a result of the Reverse Acquisition Transaction, the following PRC companies became our operating businesses: 11 1. Yongxin, through which we operate our wholesale pharmaceuticals distribution business and in which the Company owns an 80% equity ownership interest; 2. Jilin Province Yongxin Chain Drugstore Ltd. (“Yongxin Drugstore”), through which we operate 42 pharmacy retail drugstores and which we control through Yongxin’s equity ownership interest in Yongxin Drugstore, and through an Entrustment Agreement described more fully below by and between Yongxin, on the one hand, and Yongxin Liu (our CEO and Chairman) and Yongkui Liu (a Company Vice President and former director), on the other hand; 3. Tianjin Jingyongxin Chain Drugstore Ltd. (“Jingyongxin Drugstore”), through which we operate 26 pharmacy retail drugstores and in which Yongxin Drugstore owns a 90% equity ownership interest; and 4. Baishan Caoantang Chain Drugstore Ltd. (“Caoantang Drugstore”), through which we operate 32 pharmacy retail drugstores and in which Yongxin Drugstore owns 100% of the equity ownership interest. May 2010 Restructuring As described above, we collectively own and control 100 retail pharmacy outlets, through our ownership of Yongxin Drugstore and its affiliated entities, Jingyongxin Drugstore and Caoantang Drugstore. Yongxin previously owned a direct 100% equity interest in Yongxin Drugstore as a record owner of all of its outstanding share capital. PRC laws and regulations limit foreign ownership of in excess of 49% of the outstanding share capital of PRC entities that operate more than 30 drugstores in China that sell a variety of branded pharmaceutical products sourced from different suppliers. In May 2010, in an effort to comply with PRC regulatory requirements regarding foreign ownership of drugstores in the PRC, and in contemplation of future growth of our Company, we conducted a restructuring of Yongxin’s ownership and control of Yongxin Drugstore (the “Restructuring”) in which we changed the method by which we own Yongxin Drugstore. Specifically, we instituted a “variable interest entity” (“VIE”) structure under which Yongxin is a record holder of 49% of the outstanding share capital of Yongxin Drugstore, and Mr. Yongxin Liu (our CEO and Chairman of the Company’s Board of Directors) and Mr. Yongkui Liu (a Company Vice President and former Company director), each of whom are PRC citizens (collectively, the “PRC Holders”), serve as nominee record holders of the remaining 51% of the share capital of Yongxin Drugstore. In order to retain the Company’s rights and authority to control, operate and manage Yongxin Drugstore and to continue to receive all of the economic benefits of Yongxin Drugstore’s business operations, concurrent with the equity transfers, Yongxin and the PRC Holders also entered into an Entrustment Agreement dated May 17, 2010 (the “Entrustment Agreement”), which effectively grants Yongxin beneficial ownership of the interest attributable to the 51% interest, including but not limited to, the right to exclusively control, operate and manage Yongxin Drugstore, and all of the profits, income, distributions, dividends, compensation, payments, assets property, or other economic benefits from Yongxin Drugstore that the PRC Holders now hold or receive or otherwise become entitled to receive in the future by virtue of their 51% record ownership of Yongxin Drugstore’s share capital. As a result of the rights conferred to Yongxin under the Entrustment Agreement, the Company is considered the primary beneficiary of Yongxin Drugstore and Yongxin Drugstore is deemed our variable interest entity (“VIE”). Further, we consolidate 100% of Yongxin Drugstore’s results of operations, assets and liabilities in our financial statements. Chinese laws and regulations concerning the validity of the contractual arrangements such as the Entrustment Agreement are uncertain, as many of these laws and regulations are relatively new and may be subject to change. Official interpretation and enforcement by the Chinese government involves substantial uncertainty. Additionally, the Entrustment Agreement may not be as effective in providing control over Yongxin Drugstore as direct majority equity interest ownership under the current PRC laws and regulations. Due to such uncertainty, the Entrustment Agreement includes a further assurances provision that allows us to take any additional steps in the future permissible under the then-applicable law to ensure the Company’s complete control over, and the realization of the entirety of all rights and benefits of ownership of Yongxin Drugstore and its assets and business operations, including but not limited to direct ownership of selected assets. Reverse Stock Split Effective on May 24, 2010, the Company effectuated a reverse stock split with a ratio of 1-for-12, whereby each twelve (12) issued and outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share (“Common Stock”) was combined into one (1) share of Common Stock (the “Reverse Split”), pursuant to the Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation that the Company filed with the State of Delaware’s Secretary of State (“Certificate of Amendment”). Effective May 26, 2010 (“Effective Date”), the Company’s Common Stock commenced trading under a new OTC Bulletin Board trading symbol, “CYXND,” the new trading symbol assigned by Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) in connection with the approval of the Reverse Split. The Company’s trading symbol will revert to “CYXN” within 20 business days of the Effective Date. The Company’s Common Stock, on a split-adjusted basis, has a new CUSIP number of 16946Y 207. Throughout this prospectus, each instance which refers to a number of shares of our common stock, refers to the number of shares of common stock after giving effect to the Reverse Split, unless otherwise indicated. The term “pre-Reverse Split” as used in this prospectus means a number of shares of common stock issued or outstanding prior to May 24, 2010 without giving effect to the Reverse Split. References to a number of shares of common stock in our historical financial statements for the three month period ending March 31, 2010, and for the years ending December 31, 2009 and 2008, are reported on a pre-Reverse Split basis. 12 IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES REGARDING OUR CORPORATE STRUCTURE The Company owns eighty percent (80%) of the outstanding equity interest of Yongxin, a corporate entity organized and existing under the laws of the PRC, which is a holding company for the other subsidiaries of the Company. Yongxin Liu and Yongkui Liu, who are brothers, individually own 11% and 9% of Yongxin, respectively. On May 13, 2007, Yongxin Liu, Yongkui Liu and the Company entered into an Equity Cooperative Joint Venture Contract dated May 13, 2007, pursuant to which Yongxin became an 80% subsidiary and a “joint venture” under PRC law. At the time of formation, the parties sought to form a joint venture as opposed to a wholly foreign owned entity (or WFOE), due to certain PRC laws which made it advantageous for the Company, a pharmaceutical business, to be constituted and classified as a joint venture. Yongxin was granted a business license by the Administration for Industry and Commerce of Changchun City on September 14, 2007, which recognized and deemed it to be an equity joint venture, with 80% foreign ownership and 20% domestic (PRC) ownership. Yongxin also received recognition from, and was registered as an equity joint venture, by the Jilin Branch of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange (SAFE) on September 20, 2007. Yongxin received certification from China’s Ministry of Commerce (“MOFCOM”) pursuant to the PRC’s Regulation for Mergers with and Acq uisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors and other relevant laws on September 8, 2006. As a result of the corporate structure described above, we note several important implications: · The Company may not be able to exercise absolute control over Yongxin, because it is not a 100% equityholder of Yongxin. The minority shareholders, Yongxin Liu and Yongkui Liu, may hold certain minority rights under PRC corporate law and pursuant to the equity joint venture agreement, with respect to the control and governance of Yongxin. Specifically, Yongxin Liu and Yongkui Liu have the right to jointly appoint a director and the Company has the right to appoint two directors. Also, under the equity joint venture agreement, Yongxin Liu has a contractual right to appoint the General Manager of Yongxin. · Since Yongxin Liu is also the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company and Yongkui Liu is also the Vice President and former Chief Financial Officer and director of the Company, this may give rise to a conflict of interest with the Company and the Company’s stockholders. While the Company is not aware of any present situation which involves a conflict of interest, in the future, a conflict of interest may arise from the fact that Yongxin Liu and Yongkui Liu are executive officers of the Company, and are also minority equityholders of Yongxin. If there should ever be a divergence of interest of the minority equityholders on the one hand, and the Company on the other hand, Yongxin Liu and Yongkui Liu would have incentives to act to protect their minority interests in Yongxin vis-à-vis the majority controlling interest of the Company. · Although the Company consolidates the financial results of Yongxin and its subsidiaries for financial reporting purposes, the Company will not receive 100% of the economic benefit of the income and assets of Yongxin, and in most cases the Company will receive only 80% of such economic benefit. For example, if Yongxin were to distribute accumulated earnings or assets, 20% of such distributed assets would be paid to the minority equity holders, and 80% would be paid to the Company. · For financial reporting purposes, the Company accounts for the 20% interest as a non-controlling interest, which has the effect of lowering reported earnings per share (as compared to a scenario in which the Company owned 100% of Yongxin). Please also review our risk factors for a discussion of these and other factors for your consideration. Corporate Information Our corporate headquarters are located in the City of Industry, California in the United States at 927 Canada Court, City of Industry, CA 91748, and our telephone number is (626) 581-9098. We are a reporting company under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our shares of common stock are currently quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board with the symbol that was changed to “CYXND” on May 26, 2010 due to our recent 1-for-12 reverse stock split. Our trading symbol will revert back to “CYXN” on or around June 24, 2010. We are also applying for the listing of our common stock on The NASDAQ Capital Market. 13 SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION In the table below we provide you with historical consolidated financial data for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, derived from our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus. Historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any future period. When you read this historical selected financial data, it is important that you read along with it the appropriate historical consolidated financial statements and related notes and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” included elsewhere in this prospectus. Three Months Ended March 31, Year Ended December 31, 2010 2009 2009 2008 (Unaudited) Statements of Operations Data: Revenue $ 10,679,465 $ 9,184,993 $ 47,589,280 $ 59,116,534 Cost of Goods Sold 8,276,360 6,954,270 31,271,463 47,226,275 Gross Profit 2,403,104 2,230,723 16,317,817 11,890,259 Total Operating Expenses 1,641,953 1,158,654 7,118,442 6,021,513 Operating Income 761,150 1,072,069 9,199,376 5,868,745 Total Non-operating Expense 158,273 69,893 150,170 531,368 Income Before Income Taxes 919,424 1,141,963 9,349,545 6,400,113 Income Tax Provision 290,816 204,765 2,594,483 1,009,643 Net Income 2,350,980 388,391 5,124,989 4,066,139 Earnings Per Share (1): Basic 0.48 0.12 1.80 1.56 Diluted 0.48 0.12 1.80 1.56 Weighted average shares outstanding (1): Basic 4,749,818 2,586,821 2,770,067 2,595,902 Diluted 4,968,017 2,586,821 2,770,067 2,595,902 (1) The effect of the 1-for-12 reverse stock split on May 24, 2010 has been applied retroactively. March 31, 2010 December 31, 2009 (Unaudited) Balance Sheet Data: Cash and Cash Equivalents $ 1,995,674 $ 1,805,271 Working Capital $ 33,385,173 $ 32,014,966 Total Assets $ 42,819,765 $ 41,755,662 Total Liabilities $ 13,689,527 $ 16,518,000 Total Shareholders’ Equity $ 29,130,238 $ 25,237,662 14 THE OFFERING Common stock offered by us _________ shares at $____ per share Number of shares outstanding before this offering 5,295,047 shares as of June 1, 2010 Number of shares outstanding after this offering _________ shares Use of Proceeds We intend to use the net proceeds of this offering for acquisitions, marketing, working capital and general corporate purposes. We will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of shares of our common stock by the selling shareholders. See “Use of Proceeds” beginning on page 31. OTC Bulletin Board symbol for our common stock CYXND Proposed NASDAQ Capital Market listing symbol for our common stock CYXN Risk Factors The securities offered by this prospectus are speculative and involve a high degree of risk and investors purchasing securities should not purchase the securities unless they can afford the loss of their entire investment. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 16. Underwriter representative’s common stock purchase warrant In connection with this offering, we have also agreed to sell to Rodman & Renshaw, LLC a common stock purchase warrant to purchase up to 5% ( shares) of the shares of common stock sold. If this warrant is exercised, each share may be purchased by Rodman & Renshaw, LLC at $ per share (125% of the price of the shares sold in the offering.) 15 RISK FACTORS The reader should carefully consider the risks described below together with all of the other information included in this prospectus. The statements contained in or incorporated into this prospectus that are not historic facts are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by forward-looking statements. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and an investor in our securities may lose all or part of their investment. RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS THE PURCHASE OF MANY OF OUR PRODUCTS IS DISCRETIONARY, AND MAY BE PARTICULARLY AFFECTED BY ADVERSE TRENDS IN THE GENERAL ECONOMY; THEREFORE CHALLENGING ECONOMIC CONDITIONS MAY MAKE IT MORE DIFFICULT FOR US TO GENERATE REVENUE. Our business is affected by global, national and local economic conditions since many of the Products we sell are discretionary and we depend, to a significant extent, upon a number of factors relating to discretionary consumer spending in China. These factors include economic conditions and perceptions of such conditions by consumers, employment rates, the level of consumers' disposable income, business conditions, interest rates, consumer debt levels, availability of credit and levels of taxation in regional and local markets in China where we sell such products. There can be no assurance that consumer spending on the Products we sell, will not be adversely affected by changes in general economic conditions in China and globally. THE SUCCESS OF OUR BUSINESS DEPENDS ON OUR ABILITY TO MARKET AND ADVERTISE THE PRODUCTS WE SELL EFFECTIVELY. Our ability to establish effective marketing and advertising campaigns is key to our success. Our advertisements promote our corporate image, our merchandise and the pricing of such products. If we are unable to increase awareness of our retail brand and our products, we may not be able to attract new customers. Our marketing activities may not be successful in promoting the Products we sell or pricing strategies or in retaining and increasing our customer base. We cannot assure you that our marketing programs will be adequate to support our future growth, which may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations. WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO OBTAIN, OR TIMELY OBTAIN, ALL OF THE LICENSES REQUIRED TO OPERATE OUR BUSINESS, OR WE MAY FAIL TO MAINTAIN THE LICENSES WE CURRENTLY HOLD. THIS COULD SUBJECT US TO FINES AND OTHER PENALTIES, WHICH MAY HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. We are required to hold a variety of permits and licenses to operate our business in China. We may not possess all of the permits and licenses required for all of our business activities. In addition, there may be circumstances under which an approval, permit or license granted by a governmental agency is subject to change without substantial advance notice, and it is possible that we could fail to obtain an approval, permit or license that is required to expand our business as we intend. If we fail to obtain on a timely basis or to maintain such permits or licenses or renewals are granted with onerous conditions, we could be subject to fines and other penalties and be limited in the number or the quality of the products that we would be able to offer. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. WE MAY BE UNABLE TO IDENTIFY AND RESPOND EFFECTIVELY TO SHIFTING CUSTOMER PREFERENCES, AND WE MAY FAIL TO OPTIMIZE OUR PRODUCT OFFERINGS AND INVENTORY POSITION. Consumer preferences in the drugstore industry change rapidly and are difficult to predict. The success of our business depends on our ability to predict accurately and respond to future changes in consumer preferences, carry the inventory demanded by customers, deliver the appropriate quality of products, price products correctly and implement effective purchasing procedures. We must optimize our product selection and inventory positions based on consumer preferences and sales trends. If we fail to anticipate, identify or react appropriately to changes in consumer preferences and adapt our product selection to these changing preferences, we could experience excess inventories, higher than normal markdowns or an inability to sell the Products we sell, which, in turn, could significantly reduce our revenue and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 16 IF WE FAIL TO MAINTAIN OPTIMAL INVENTORY LEVELS, OUR INVENTORY HOLDING COSTS COULD INCREASE OR CAUSE US TO LOSE SALES, EITHER OF WHICH COULD HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. While we must maintain sufficient inventory levels to operate our business successfully and meet our customers' demands, we must be careful to avoid amassing excess inventory. Changing consumer demands, manufacturer backorders and uncertainty surrounding new product launches expose us to increased inventory risks. Demand for products can change rapidly and unexpectedly, including the time between when the product is ordered from the supplier to the time it is offered for sale. We carry a wide variety of products and must maintain sufficient inventory levels of the Products we sell. We may be unable to sell certain products in the event that consumer demand changes. Our inventory holding costs will increase if we carry excess inventory. However, if we do not have a sufficient inventory of a product to fulfill customer orders, we may lose orders or customers, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot assure you that we can accurately predict consumer demand and events and avoid over-stocking or under-stocking products. IF WE ARE UNABLE TO MANAGE THE DISTRIBUTION OF OUR PRODUCTS AT OUR LOGISTICS CENTER, WE MAY BE UNABLE TO MEET CUSTOMER DEMAND. Substantially all of the Products we sell are distributed to our stores and our wholesale customers through our "Logistics Center" located in our "Logistics Plaza" in Changchun, PRC. The efficient operation and management of this facility is essential in order for us to meet customer demands. Our business would suffer if we do not successfully operate this distribution facility or if the operation of this facility was disrupted for any reason, including disruptions caused by natural disasters. Our failure to manage this facility properly could result in higher distribution costs, excess or insufficient inventory, or an inability to fulfill customer orders, each of which could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations. DUE TO THE GEOGRAPHIC CONCENTRATION OF OUR SALES IN THE NORTHEAST REGION OF CHINA, OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION ARE SUBJECT TO FLUCTUATIONS IN REGIONAL ECONOMIC CONDITIONS. A significant percentage of our total sales are made in the northeast region of China, particularly in Jilin province. For the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, approximately 86%, 85% and 80% of revenues, respectively, were generated from this area. Our concentration of sales in this area heightens our exposure to adverse developments related to competition, as well as economic and demographic changes in this region. Our geographic concentration might result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations in the future. WE HAVE OUTSTANDING SHORT-TERM RELATED PARTY BORROWINGS AND WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO OBTAIN EXTENSIONS WHEN THEY MATURE. Our short term related party loans as of March 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009 were $0 and $184,662, respectively. The short term loans made to us by our officers are interest free, due on demand and unsecured. Generally, these short-term related party loans mature in one year or less and contain no specific renewal terms. However, in China it is customary practice for borrowers to negotiate roll-overs or renewals of short-term borrowings on an on-going basis shortly before they mature. Although we have renewed our short-term borrowings in the past, we cannot assure you that we will be able to renew these loans in the future as they mature. If we are unable to obtain renewals of these loans or sufficient alternative funding on reasonable terms from banks or other parties, we will have to repay these borrowings with the cash on our balance sheet or cash generated by our future operations, if any. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations to repay these borrowings. IF ALL OR A SIGNIFICANT PORTION OF OUR CUSTOMERS WITH ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLES FAIL TO PAY ALL OR PART OF THE TRADE RECEIVABLES OR DELAY THE REPAYMENT, OUR NET INCOME WILL DECREASE AND OUR PROFITABILITY WILL BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED . We had accounts receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts, of approximately $12,564,016 as of March 31, 2010. The standard credit period for most of our clients is six (6) months. There is no assurance that our accounts receivables will be fully repaid on a timely basis. If all or a significant portion of our customers with accounts receivables fail to pay all or part of the accounts receivables or delay the payment due to us for whatever reason, our net profit will decrease and our profitability will be adversely affected. CERTAIN DISRUPTIONS IN SUPPLY OF AND CHANGES IN THE COMPETITIVE ENVIRONMENT FOR OUR PRODUCTS MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR PROFITABILITY. We carry a broad range of merchandise in our stores, including the Products we sell. A significant disruption in the supply of these products could decrease inventory levels and sales, and materially adversely affect our business and financial results. Shortages of products or interruptions in transportation systems, labor strikes, work stoppages, war, acts of terrorism or other interruptions or difficulties in the employment of labor or transportation in the markets in which we purchase products may adversely affect our ability to maintain sufficient inventories of our products to meet consumer demand. If we were to experience a significant or prolonged shortage of products from any of our suppliers and could not procure the products from other sources, we would be unable to meet customer demand, which, in turn, would adversely affect our sales, margins and customer relations. 17 ADVERSE WEATHER CONDITIONS, NATURAL DIASATERS, PESTILENCES AND OTHER NATURAL CONDITIONS CAN AFFECT THE RAW MATERIAL COSTS OF CERTAIN MEDICATIONS, WHICH CAN ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR OPERATIONSA ND OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. The ingredients and raw materials that are used in certain medications are vulnerable to adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, such as floods, droughts, frosts, earthquakes and pestilences. Adverse weather conditions may be impacted by global warming and other factors. Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters can reduce crop size and crop quality, which in turn could reduce our supplies of raw materials, lower recoveries of usable raw materials, increase the prices of our raw materials, increase our cost of storing raw materials if harvests are accelerated and processing capacity is unavailable. For example, certain raw herbal ingredients for seasonal and herbal medications are supplied by our suppliers in the southwest region of China. In 2009, the southwest region in China experienced a severe drought. This has resulted in higher prices for fiscal 2010. If drought conditions continue in the southwest region of China, our supplies of raw materials may be reduced and the price we pay for raw materials in future years may increase further, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Our competitors may be affected differently by weather conditions and natural disasters depending on the location of their supplies or operations. If our supplies of raw materials are reduced, we may not be able to find enough supplemental supply sources on favorable terms, if at all, which could impact our ability to supply product to our customers and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. OUR OPERATIONS WOULD BE MATERIALLY ADVERSELY AFFECTED IF THIRD-PARTY CARRIERS WERE UNABLE TO TRANSPORT OUR PRODUCTS ON A TIMELY BASIS. All of our products are shipped through third party carriers. If a strike or other event prevented or disrupted these carriers from transporting our products, other carriers may be unavailable or may not have the capacity to deliver our products to our customers and to our retail stores. If adequate third party sources to ship our products were unavailable at any time, our business would be materially adversely affected. THE MARKET FOR OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES IS VERY COMPETITIVE AND, IF WE CANNOT EFFECTIVELY COMPETE, OUR BUSINESS WILL BE HARMED. The industries in which we operate are highly fragmented and very competitive. We compete with local drugstores and with large foreign multinational companies that offer products that are similar to ours. Some of these competitors have larger local or regional customer bases, more locations, more brand equity, and substantially greater financial, marketing and other resources than we have. As a result, our competitors may be in a stronger position to respond quickly to potential acquisitions and other market opportunities, new or emerging technologies and changes in customer tastes. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain or increase our market share against the emergence of these or other sources of competition. Failure to maintain and enhance our competitive position could materially adversely affect our business and prospects. WE MAY NOT BE SUCCESSFUL IN COMPETING WITH OTHER WHOLESALERS AND DISTRIBUTORS OF PHARMACEUTICAL PRODUCTS IN THE TENDER PROCESSES FOR THE PURCHASE OF MEDICINES BY STATE-OWNED AND STATE-CONTROLLED HOSPITALS. Our wholesale business sells various pharmaceutical products to hospitals owned and controlled by government authorities in the PRC. Government owned hospitals purchase pharmaceutical products by using collective tender processes. During a collective tender process, a hospital establishes a committee of recognized pharmaceutical experts, which assesses bids submitted by pharmaceutical manufacturers. The hospitals may only purchase pharmaceuticals that win in collective tender processes. The collective tender process for pharmaceuticals with the same chemical composition must be conducted at least annually, and pharmaceuticals that have won in the collective tender processes previously must participate and win in the collective tender processes in the following period before hospitals may make new purchases. If we are unable to win purchase contracts through the collective tender processes in which we decide to participate, we will lose market share to our competitors, and our sales and profitability will be adversely affected. 18 COUNTERFEIT PRODUCTS SOLD IN CHINA COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT OUR REVENUES, BRAND REPUTATION, BUSINESS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. The Products we sell are also subject to competition from counterfeit products, which are pharmaceuticals manufactured without proper licenses or approvals and are fraudulently mislabeled with respect to their content and/or manufacturer. Counterfeit products are generally sold at lower prices than authentic products due to their low production costs, and in some cases are very similar in appearance to authentic products. Counterfeit pharmaceuticals may or may not have the same chemical content as their authentic counterparts. Although the PRC government has recently been increasingly active in policing counterfeit products, including counterfeit pharmaceuticals, there is a lack of effective counterfeit product regulation control and enforcement systems in China. The proliferation of counterfeit products has grown in recent years and may continue to grow in the future. Despite our implementation of quality controls, we cannot assure you that we would not be distributing or selling counterfeit products inadvertently. Any accidental sale or distribution of counterfeit products can subject our company to fines, administrative penalties, litigation and negative publicity, which could negatively impact our revenues, brand reputation, business and results of operations. Moreover, the continued proliferation of counterfeit products and other products in recent years may reinforce the negative image of retailers among consumers in the PRC. The continued proliferation of counterfeit products in the PRC could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operation. THE RETAIL PRICES OF SOME OF OUR PRODUCTS ARE SUBJECT TO PRICE CONTROLS BY THE PRC GOVERNMENT, WHICH MAY AFFECT BOTH OUR REVENUES AND NET INCOME. The laws of the PRC permit the PRC government to fix and adjust prices of certain pharmaceutical products, including many of those listed in the Insurance Catalogue. Through these price controls, the government can fix retail prices and set retail price ceiling for certain of the pharmaceutical products we sell. Additionally, the PRC government may periodically adjust the retail prices of these products downward in order to make pharmaceuticals more affordable to the general Chinese population. While our sales of pharmaceutical products are not affected by the price controls because we currently sell such products at prices below the price control level, we cannot guarantee that our sales of these products will not be affected in the future, as price controls may be increased or may affect additional products. To the extent that we are subject to price controls, our revenue, gross profit, gross margin and net income will be affected because the revenue we derive from our sales will be limited and we may have limited ability to control our costs. Further, if price controls affect both our revenue and costs, our ability to be profitable and the extent of our profitability will be effectively subject to determination by the applicable regulatory authorities in the PRC. Any future price controls or price reductions may reduce our revenue and profitability and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. IF WE DO NOT COMPLY WITH PRC LAWS AND REGULATIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SALE OF PHARMACEUTICALS UNDER THE PRC NATIONAL MEDICAL INSURANCE PROGRAM, WE MAY BE SUBJECT TO FINES AND OTHER PENALTIES. Persons eligible to participate in the PRC National Medical Insurance Program can buy pharmaceuticals that have been included in the Insurance Catalogue using a medical insurance card in an authorized pharmacy. The applicable PRC government social security bureau then reimburses the pharmacy. PRC law also forbids pharmacies from selling goods other than pre-approved pharmaceuticals when purchases are made with medical insurance cards. While we have established procedures to prevent our drugstores from selling unauthorized goods to customers who make purchases with medical insurance cards, we cannot assure you that these procedures will be properly followed at all times in all of our stores. Violations of this prohibition by any of our drugstores may result in the revocation of such drugstore’s status as an authorized pharmacy. Additionally, we could be subject to other fines or other penalties, and to negative publicity, which could damage our company's reputation and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. THE REQUIRED CERTIFICATES, PERMITS, AND LICENSES RELATED TO OUR OPERATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO GOVERNMENTAL CONTROL AND RENEWAL AND FAILURE TO OBTAIN RENEWAL WILL CAUSE ALL OR PART OF OUR OPERATIONS TO BE TERMINATED. We are subject to various PRC laws and regulations pertaining to our wholesale and retail operations. We have attained certificates, permits, and licenses required for the operation of a pharmaceutical distributor and retailer. We cannot assure you that we will have all necessary permits, certificates and authorizations for the operation of our business at all times. Additionally, our certifications, permits and authorizations are subject to periodic renewal by the relevant government authorities. We intend to apply for renewal of these certificates, permits and authorizations prior to their expiration. During the renewal process, we will be re-evaluated by the appropriate governmental authorities and must comply with the then prevailing standards and regulations which may change from time to time. In the event that we are not able to renew the certificates, permits and licenses, all or part of our operations may be terminated. Furthermore, if escalating compliance costs associated with governmental standards and regulations restrict or prohibit any part of our operations, it may adversely affect our operations and profitability. 19 IF WE BECOME SUBJECT TO PRODUCT LIABILITY CLAIMS, PERSONAL INJURY CLAIMS OR DEFECTIVE PRODUCTS OUR BUSINESS MAY BE HARMED. Our pharmacies are exposed to risks inherent in the packaging and distribution of pharmaceutical and other healthcare products, such as with respect to improper filling of prescriptions, labeling of prescriptions, adequacy of warnings, and the unintentional distribution of counterfeit drugs. Furthermore, the applicable laws, rules and regulations require our in-store pharmacists to offer counseling, without additional charge, to our customers about medication, dosage, delivery systems, common side effects and other information the in-store pharmacists deem significant. Our in-store pharmacists may also have a duty to warn customers regarding any potential negative effects of a prescription drug if the warning could reduce or negate these effects and we may be liable for claims arising from advice given by our in-store pharmacists. Further, we may sell products which inadvertently have an adverse effect on the health of individuals. Product liability claims may be asserted against us with respect to any of the products we sell and as a retailer, we are required to pay for damages for any successful product liability claim against us, although we may have the right under applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations to recover from the relevant manufacturer for compensation we paid to our customers in connection with a product liability claim. Any product liability claim, product recall, adverse side effects caused by improper use of the products we sell or manufacturing defects may result in adverse publicity regarding us and the products we sell, which would harm our reputation. If we are found liable for product liability claims, we could be required to pay substantial monetary damages. Furthermore, even if we successfully defend ourselves against this type of claim, we could be required to spend significant management, financial and other resources, which could disrupt our business, and our reputation as well as our brand name may also suffer. We, like many other similar companies in the PRC, do not carry product liability insurance. As a result, any imposition of product liability could materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we do not have any business interruption insurance due to the limited coverage of any business interruption insurance in the PRC, and as a result, any business disruption or natural disaster could severely disrupt our business and operations and significantly decrease our revenue and profitability. WE RELY ON TRADE SECRET PROTECTIONS THROUGH CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTS WITH OUR EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS AND OTHER PARTIES; THE BREACH OF SUCH AGREEMENTS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS ANDS RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. We rely on trade secrets, which we seek to protect, in part, through confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements with our employees, customers and other parties. There can be no assurance that these agreements will not be breached, that we would have adequate remedies for any such breach or that our trade secrets will not otherwise become known to or independently developed by competitors. To the extent that consultants, key employees or other third parties apply technological information independently developed by them or by others to our proposed projects, disputes may arise as to the proprietary rights to such information that may not be resolved in our favor. We may be involved from time to time in litigation to determine the enforceability, scope and validity of our proprietary rights. Any such litigation could result in substantial cost and diversion of effort by our management and technical personnel. THE FAILURE TO MANAGE GROWTH EFFECTIVELY COULD HAVE AN ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR EMPLOYEE EFFICIENCY, PRODUCT QUALITY, WORKING CAPITAL LEVELS, AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. Any significant growth in the market for our products or our entry into new markets may require an expansion of our employee base for managerial, operational, financial, and other purposes. As of March 31, 2010, we had approximately 673 full time employees. During any growth, we may face problems related to our operational and financial systems and controls, including quality control and delivery and service capacities. We would also need to continue to expand, train and manage our employee base. Continued future growth will impose significant added responsibilities upon the members of management to identify, recruit, maintain, integrate, and motivate new employees. Aside from increased difficulties in the management of human resources, we may also encounter working capital issues, as we will need increased liquidity to finance the purchase of raw materials and supplies, development of new products, and the hiring of additional employees. For effective growth management, we will be required to continue improving our operations, management, and financial systems and controls. Our failure to manage growth effectively may lead to operational and financial inefficiencies that will have a negative effect on our profitability. We cannot assure investors that we will be able to timely and effectively meet that demand and maintain the quality standards required by our existing and potential customers. WE ARE DEPENDENT ON CERTAIN KEY PERSONNEL AND LOSS OF THESE KEY PERSONNEL COULD HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. Our success is, to a certain extent, attributable to the management, sales and marketing, and operational and technical expertise of certain key personnel. Each of the named executive officers, including Mr. Yongxin Liu, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman and Mr. Ning Liu, our President and Chief Operating Officer, perform key functions in the operation of our business. The loss of these employees could have a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We do not maintain key-man insurance for members of our management team because it is not a customary practice in China. If we lose the services of any senior management, we may not be able to locate suitable or qualified replacements, and may incur additional expenses to recruit and train new personnel, which could severely disrupt our business and prospects. 20 WE ARE DEPENDENT ON A TRAINED WORKFORCE AND ANY INABILITY TO RETAIN OR EFFECTIVELY RECRUIT SUCH EMPLOYEES, INCLUDING IN-STORE PHARMACISTS FOR OUR STORES, COULD HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. We must attract, recruit and retain a sizeable workforce of qualified and trained staff, including in-store pharmacists, in order to operate our retail drugstores. Applicable PRC regulations require at least one qualified pharmacist to be stationed in each drugstore to instruct or advise customers on prescription medications. A nationwide shortage of pharmacists has occurred in the past few years due to increasing demand within the drugstore industry as well as demand from other businesses in the healthcare industry. We face competition for personnel from other drugstore chains, supermarkets, retail chains, and pharmaceutical companies. We cannot assure you that we will be able to attract, hire and retain sufficient numbers of in-store pharmacists and other skilled employees that are necessary to continue to develop and grow our business. Our ability to implement effectively our business strategy and expand our operations will depend upon, among other factors, the successful recruitment and retention of additional highly skilled and experienced pharmacists, managers and other technical and marketing personnel. There is significant competition for technologically qualified personnel in our business and we may not be successful in recruiting or retaining sufficient qualified personnel consistent with our current and future operational needs. OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS MAY FLUCTUATE BECAUSE OF MANY FACTORS AND, AS A RESULT, INVESTORS SHOULD NOT RELY ON OUR HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA AS INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS. Fluctuations in operating results or the failure of operating results to meet the expectations of public market analysts and investors may negatively impact the market price of our securities. Operating results may fluctuate in the future due to a variety of factors that could affect revenues or expenses in any particular quarter. Fluctuations in operating results could cause the value of our securities to decline. Investors should not rely on comparisons of results of operations as an indication of future performance. As a result of the factors listed below, it is possible that in future periods results of operations may be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors. This could cause the market price of our securities to decline. Factors that may affect our quarterly results include: · vulnerability of our business to a general economic downturn in China; · fluctuation and unpredictability of the prices of the Products we sell; · seasonality of our business; · changes in the laws of the PRC that affect our operations; · competition from other retailers and wholesalers; and · our ability to obtain necessary government certifications and/or licenses to conduct our business. OUR STRATEGY TO ACQUIRE COMPANIES MAY RESULT IN UNSUITABLE ACQUISITIONS OR FAILURE TO SUCCESSFULLY INTEGRATE ACQUIRED COMPANIES, WHICH COULD LEAD TO REDUCED PROFITABILITY. We may embark on a growth strategy through acquisitions of companies or operations that complement existing product lines, customers or other capabilities. We may be unsuccessful in identifying suitable acquisition candidates, or may be unable to consummate a desired acquisition. To the extent any future acquisitions are completed, we may be unsuccessful in integrating acquired companies or their operations, or if integration is more difficult than anticipated, we may experience disruptions that could have a material adverse impact on future profitability. Some of the risks that may affect our ability to integrate, or realize any anticipated benefits from, acquisitions include: · unexpected losses of key employees or customer of the acquired company; · difficulties integrating the acquired company's standards, processes, procedures and controls; · difficulties coordinating new product and process development; · difficulties hiring additional management and other critical personnel; · difficulties increasing the scope, geographic diversity and complexity of our operations; 21 · difficulties consolidating facilities, transferring processes and know-how; · difficulties reducing costs of the acquired company's business; · diversion of management's attention from our management; and · adverse impacts on retaining existing business relationships with customers. RISKS RELATED TO CONDUCTING BUSINESS IN CHINA SUBSTANTIALLY ALL OF OUR ASSETS ARE LOCATED IN THE PEOPLE’S REPULIC OF CHINA (“PRC” OR “CHINA”) AND SUBSTANTIALLY ALL OF OUR REVENUES ARE DERIVED FROM OUR OPERATIONS IN THE PRC; CHANGES IN THE POLITICAL AND ECONOMIC POLICIES OF THE PRC GOVERNMENT COULD HAVE A SIGNIFICANT IMPACT UPON THE BUSINESS WE MAY BE ABLE TO CONDUCT IN THE PRC AND ACCORDINGLY ON OURS RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION. Our business operations may be adversely affected by the current and future political environment in the PRC. The Chinese government exerts substantial influence and control over the manner in which we must conduct our business activities. Our ability to operate in the PRC may be adversely affected by changes in Chinese laws and regulations, including those relating to retail and wholesale distribution of the products we sell, prescription drug regulations, the national health policy and related regulations, taxation, import and export tariffs, raw materials, environmental regulations, land use rights, property and other matters. Under the current government leadership, the government of the PRC has been pursuing economic reform policies that encourage private economic activity and greater economic decentralization. There is no assurance, however, that the government of the PRC will continue to pursue these policies, or that it will not significantly alter these policies from time to time without notice. OUR OPERATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO PRC LAWS AND REGULATIONS THAT ARE SOMETIMES VAGUE AND UNCERTAIN. ANY CHANGES IN SUCH PRC LAWS AND REGULATIONS, OR THE INTERPRETATIONS THEREOF, MAY HAVE A MATERIAL AND ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS. The PRC's legal system is a civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system prevalent in the United States, decided legal cases have little value as precedent in the PRC. There are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of PRC laws and regulations, including but not limited to, the laws and regulations governing our business, or the enforcement and performance of our arrangements with customers in the event of the imposition of statutory liens, death, bankruptcy or criminal proceedings. The Chinese government has been developing a comprehensive system of commercial laws, and considerable progress has been made in introducing laws and regulations dealing with economic matters such as foreign investment, corporate organization and governance, commerce, taxation and trade. However, because these laws and regulations are relatively new, and because of the limited volume of published cases and judicial interpretation and their lack of authority as precedents, interpretation and enforcement of these laws and regulations involve significant uncertainties. New laws and regulations that affect existing and proposed future businesses may also be applied retroactively. Our principal operating subsidiary, Yongxin, is regarded as a foreign invested enterprise (“FIE”) under PRC laws, and as a result is required to comply with PRC laws and regulations, including laws and regulations specifically governing the activities and conduct of foreign invested enterprises. We cannot predict what effect the interpretation of existing or new PRC laws or regulations may have on our businesses. If the relevant authorities find us in violation of PRC laws or regulations, they would have broad discretion in dealing with such a violation, including, without limitation: · levying fines; · revoking our business license, other licenses or authorities; · requiring that we restructure our ownership or operations; and · requiring that we discontinue any portion or all of our business. 22 NEW LABOR LAWS IN THE PRC MAY ADVERSLY AFFECT OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. On January 1, 2008, the PRC government promulgated the Labor Contract Law of the PRC, or the New Labor Contract Law. The New Labor Contract Law imposes greater liabilities on employers and significantly impacts the cost of an employer’s decision to reduce its workforce. Further, it may require certain terminations to be based upon seniority and not merit. In the event we decide to significantly change or decrease our workforce, the New Labor Contract Law could adversely affect our ability to enact such changes in a manner that is most advantageous to our business or in a timely and cost effective manner, thus materially and adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations. THE SCOPE OF OUR BUSINESS LICENSE IN THE PRC IS LIMITED, AND WE MAY NOT EXPAND OR CONTINUE OUR BUSINESS WITHOUT GOVERNMENT APPROVAL AND RENEWAL, RESPECTIVELY. Our principal operating subsidiary, Yongxin, is a FIE located in the PRC. An FIE can only conduct business within its approved business scope, which is designated in its business license. Our license permits us to design, manufacture, sell and market pharmaceutical products throughout the PRC. Any amendment to the scope of our business requires further application and government approval. In order for us to expand our business beyond the scope of our license, it will be required to enter into negotiations with the government authorities to obtain the approval that would be required to expand the scope of our business. We cannot assure investors that Yongxin will be able to obtain the necessary government approval for any change or expansion of its business. OUR BUSINESS IS SUBJECT TO A VARIETY OF ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS AND REGULATIONS. OUR FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS AND REGULATIONS MAY HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. We are subject to various environmental laws and regulations that require us to obtain environmental permits and are subject to registration and inspection by the PRC’s State Food and Drug Administration. We have a provincial license issued by the Business Administration Bureau, Jilin Province. Although we are currently compliant with all provisions of our registrations and licenses, we cannot assure you that at all times we will be in compliance with environmental laws and regulations or our environmental permits or that we will not be required to expend significant funds to comply with, or discharge liabilities arising under, environmental laws, regulations and permits. Additionally, we cannot guarantee you that our licenses and registrations will be renewed. Any non-renewal of any of our required permits and licenses could result in the curtailment or termination of our business operations. PRC REGULATIONS RELATING TO ACQUISITIONS OF PRC COMPANIES BY FOREIGN ENTITIES MAY CREATE REGULATORY UNCERTAINTIES THAT COULD RESTRICT OR LIMIT OUR ABILITY TO OPERATE, INCLUDING OUR ABILITY TO PAY DIVIDENDS. On August 8, 2006, the PRC Ministry of Commerce ("MOFCOM"), joined by the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council, the State Administration of Taxation, the State Administration for Industry and Commerce, the PRC Securities Regulatory Commission and SAFE, released a substantially amended version of the Provisions for Foreign Investors to Merge with or Acquire Domestic Enterprises (the "Revised M&A Regulations"), which took effect September 8, 2006. These new rules significantly revised the PRC's regulatory framework governing onshore-to-offshore restructurings and foreign acquisitions of domestic enterprises. These new rules signify greater PRC government attention to cross-border merger, acquisition and other investment activities, by confirming MOFCOM as a key regulator for issues related to mergers and acquisitions in the PRC and requiring MOFCOM approval of a broad range of merger, acquisition and investment transactions. Further, the new rules establish reporting requirements for acquisition of control by foreigners of companies in key industries, and reinforce the ability of the Chinese government to monitor and prohibit foreign control transactions in key industries. 23 These rules may significantly affect the means by which offshore-onshore restructurings are undertaken in the PRC in connection with offshore private equity and venture capital financings, mergers and acquisitions. It is expected that such transactional activity in the PRC in the near future will require significant case-by-case guidance from MOFCOM and other government authorities as appropriate. It is anticipated that application of the new rules will be subject to significant administrative interpretation, and we will need to closely monitor how MOFCOM and other ministries apply the rules to ensure its domestic and offshore activities continue to comply with PRC law. Given the uncertainties regarding interpretation and application of the new rules, we may need to expend significant time and resources to maintain compliance. It is uncertain how our business operations or future strategy will be affected by the interpretations and implementation of the SAFE notices and new rules. Our business operations or future strategy could be adversely affected by the SAFE notices and the new rules. For example, we may be subject to more stringent review and approval processes with respect to our foreign exchange activities. THE FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE BETWEEN U.S. DOLLARS AND RENMINBI COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR REPORTED FINANCIAL RESULTS AND CONDITION. To the extent that we need to convert U.S. Dollars into Renminbi for our operational needs, our financial position and the price of our common stock may be adversely affected should the Renminbi appreciate against the U.S. Dollar at that time. Conversely, if we decide to convert our Renminbi into U.S. Dollars for the operational needs or paying dividends on our common stock, the dollar equivalent of our earnings from our subsidiaries in the PRC would be reduced should the U.S. Dollar appreciate against the Renminbi. Until 1994, the Renminbi experienced a gradual but significant devaluation against most major currencies, including dollars, and there was a significant devaluation of the Renminbi on January 1, 1994 in connection with the replacement of the dual exchange rate system with a unified managed floating rate foreign exchange system. Since 1994, the value of the Renminbi relative to the U.S. Dollar has remained stable and has appreciated slightly against the U.S. Dollar. Countries, including the United States, have argued that the Renminbi is artificially undervalued due to the PRC's current monetary policies and have pressured the PRC to allow the Renminbi to float freely in world markets. In July 2005, the PRC government changed its policy of pegging the value of the Renminbi to the U.S. Dollar. Under the new policy, the Renminbi is permitted to fluctuate within a narrow and managed band against a basket of designated foreign currencies. While the international reaction to the Renminbi revaluation has generally been positive, there remains significant international pressure on the PRC government to adopt an even more flexible currency policy, which could result in further and more significant appreciation of the Renminbi against the dollar. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THE UNITED STATES FOREIGN CORRUPT PRACTICES ACT COULD SUBJECT US TO PENALTIES AND OTHER ADVERSE CONSEQUENCES. As our ultimate holding company is a Delaware corporation, we are subject to the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which generally prohibits U.S. companies from engaging in bribery or other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Foreign companies, including some that may compete with us, are not subject to these prohibitions. Corruption, extortion, bribery, pay-offs, theft and other fraudulent practices may occur from time-to-time in the PRC. Although we specifically forbid our employees from engaging in such corrupt practices, we can make no assurance that our employees or other agents will not engage in such conduct for which we might be held responsible. If our employees or other agents are found to have engaged in such practices, we could suffer severe penalties and other consequences that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. IF WE MAKE EQUITY COMPENSATION GRANTS TO PERSONS WHO ARE PRC CITIZENS, THEY MAY BE REQUIRED TO REGISTER WITH THE STATE ADMINISTRATION OF FOREIGN EXCHANGE OF THE PRC (“SAFE”). WE MAY ALSO FACE REGULATORY UNCERTAINTIES THAT COULD RESTRICT OUR ABILITY TO ADOPT AN EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN FOR OUR DIRECTORS AND EMPLOYEES AND OTHER PARTIES UNDER PRC LAW. On April 6, 2007, SAFE issued the "Operating Procedures for Administration of Domestic Individuals Participating in the Employee Stock Ownership Plan or Stock Option Plan of An Overseas Listed Company, also know as "Circular 78." It is not clear whether Circular 78 covers all forms of equity compensation plans or only those which provide for the granting of stock options. For any plans which are so covered and are adopted by a non-PRC listed company after April 6, 2007, Circular 78 requires all participants who are PRC citizens to register with and obtain approvals from SAFE prior to their participation in the plan. In addition, Circular 78 also requires PRC citizens to register with SAFE and make the necessary applications and filings if they participated in an overseas listed company's covered equity compensation plan prior to April 6, 2007. We intend to adopt an equity compensation plan in the future and make option grants to our officers and directors, most of who are PRC citizens. Circular 78 may require our officers and directors who receive option grants and are PRC citizens to register with SAFE. We believe that the registration and approval requirements contemplated in Circular 78 will be burdensome and time consuming. If it is determined that any of our equity compensation plans are subject to Circular 78, failure to comply with such provisions may subject us and participants of our equity incentive plan who are PRC citizens to fines and legal sanctions and prevent us from being able to grant equity compensation to our PRC employees. In that case, our ability to compensate our employees and directors through equity compensation would be hindered and our business operations may be adversely affected. 24 ANY RECURRENCE OF SEVERE ACUTE RESPIRATORY SYNDROME (SARS), AVIAN FLU, OR ANOTHER WIDESPREAD PUBLIC HEALTH PROBLEM, IN THE PRC COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR OPERATIONS. A renewed outbreak of SARS, Avian Flu or another widespread public health problem in the PRC, where substantially all of our businesses are located and where the substantial all of our sales occur, could have a negative effect on our operations. Our businesses are dependent upon our ability to continue to efficiently distribute and sell our products. Such an outbreak could have an impact on our operations as a result of: · quarantines or closures of some of our drugstores or the closure of our Logistics Center, which would severely disrupt our operations, · the sickness or death of our key officers and employees, and · a general slowdown in the Chinese economy. Any of the foregoing events or other unforeseen consequences of public health problems could adversely affect our operations. A DOWNTURN IN THE PRC DOMESTIC ECONOMY MAY SLOW OUR GROWTH AND PROFITABILITY. The growth of the Chinese economy has been uneven across geographic regions and economic sectors. There can be no assurance of continued growth of the Chinese economy, or that further growth of the Chinese economy will be steady or that any downturn will not have a negative effect on our business, especially if it results in either a decreased use of our products or in pressure on us to lower our prices. BECAUSE OUR BUSINESS IS LOCATED IN THE PRC, WE MAY HAVE DIFFICULTY ESTABLISHING ADEQUATE MANAGEMENT, LEGAL AND FINANCIAL CONTROLS, WHICH ARE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO COMPLY WITH U.S. SECURITIES LAWS. PRC companies have historically not adopted a Western style of management and financial reporting concepts and practices, which includes strong corporate governance, internal controls and, computer, financial and other control systems. Most of our middle and top management staff are not educated and trained in the Western system, and we may have difficulty hiring new employees in the PRC with such training. In addition, we may have difficulty in hiring and retaining a sufficient number of qualified employees to work in the PRC. As a result of these factors, we may experience difficulty in establishing management, legal and financial controls, collecting financial data and preparing financial statements, books of account and corporate records and instituting business practices that meet Western standards. Therefore, we may, in turn, experience difficulties in implementing and maintaining adequate internal controls as required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. This may result in significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal controls which could impact the reliability of its financial statements and prevent us from complying with SEC rules and regulations and the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Any such deficiencies, weaknesses or lack of compliance could have a materially adverse effect on our business. INVESTORS MAY EXPERIENCE DIFFICULTIES IN EFFECTING SERVICE OF LEGAL PROCESS, ENFORCING FOREIGN JUDGMENTS OR BRINGING ORIGINAL ACTIONS IN THE PRC BASED UPON U.S. LAWS, INCLUDING THE FEDERAL SECURITIES LAWS OR OTHER FOREIGN LAWS AGAINST US OR OUR MANAGEMENT. Most of our current business operations are conducted in the PRC. Moreover, most of our directors and officers are nationals and residents of the PRC or Hong Kong. All or substantially all of the assets of these persons are located outside the United States and in the PRC. As a result, it may not be possible to effect service of process within the United States or elsewhere outside the PRC upon these persons. In addition, uncertainty exists as to whether the PRC courts would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or such officers and/or directors predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state thereof, or be competent to hear original actions brought in the PRC against us or such persons predicated upon the securities laws of the United States or any state thereof. 25 IF WE ARE FOUND TO BE IN VIOLATION OF CURRENT OR FUTURE PRC LAWS, RULES OR REGULATIONS REGARDING THE LEGALITY OF FOREIGN INVESTMENT IN THE PRC WITH RESPECT TO OUR OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE, WE COULD BE SUBJECT TO SEVERE PENALTIES. We currently conduct business operations solely in the PRC through our subsidiary, Yongxin, in which we hold an 80% equity ownership interest. We are a Delaware corporation and our direct and indirect subsidiaries are companies organized under the laws of the PRC. Our subsidiaries in the PRC are regarded as a foreign invested enterprise under PRC law. As a result, we are subject to PRC law limitations on foreign ownership of Chinese companies. There are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of PRC laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, the laws and regulations governing our pharmaceutical distribution and retail drugstore businesses. Accordingly, it is possible that the relevant PRC authorities could, at any time, assert that any portion of our existing or future ownership structure and businesses violate existing or future PRC laws, regulations or policies. It is also possible that the new laws or regulations governing our business operations in the PRC that have been adopted or may be adopted in the future will prohibit or restrict foreign investment in, or other aspects of, any of our PRC subsidiaries' and our current or proposed businesses and operations. The effectiveness of newly enacted laws, regulations or amendments may be delayed, resulting in detrimental reliance by foreign investors. New laws and regulations that affect existing and proposed future businesses may also be applied retroactively. The PRC government has broad discretion in dealing with violations of laws and regulations, including: · levying fines; · confiscating our income; · revoking business and other licenses; · requiring us to discontinue any portion or all of our business; · requiring us to restructure our ownership structure or operations; and · requiring actions necessary for compliance. In particular, licenses and permits issued or granted to us by relevant governmental bodies may be revoked at a later time by higher regulatory bodies. We cannot predict the effect of the interpretation of existing or new PRC laws or regulations on our businesses. We cannot assure you that our current ownership and operating structure would not be found in violation of any current or future PRC laws or regulations. As a result, we may be subject to sanctions, including fines, and could be required to restructure our operations or cease to provide certain services. Any of these or similar actions could significantly disrupt our business operations or restrict us from conducting a substantial portion of our business operations, which, in turn, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. WE MAY BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY COMPLEXITY, UNCERTAINTIES AND CHANGES IN PRC REGULATION OF PHARMACEUTICAL BUSINESSES AND DRUGSTORE COMPANIES, INCLUDING LIMITATIONS ON OUR ABILITY TO OWN KEY ASSETS. The PRC government regulates the pharmaceutical and drugstore industries including foreign ownership of, and the licensing and permit requirements pertaining to, companies operating in these industries. These laws and regulations are relatively new and evolving, and their interpretation and enforcement involve significant uncertainty. As a result, in certain circumstances it may be difficult to determine what actions or omissions may be deemed to be a violation of applicable laws and regulations. Issues, risks and uncertainties relating to PRC government regulation of the pharmaceutical industry include those relating evolving licensing practices. Permits, licenses or operations at our company are subject to government review and scrutiny, which may disrupt our business, or subject us to sanctions, requirements to increase capital or other conditions or enforcement, or compromise enforceability of related contractual arrangements, or have other harmful effects on us. Although we believe we comply with current PRC regulations, we cannot assure you that our ownership and operating structure comply with PRC licensing, registration or other regulatory requirements, with existing policies or with requirements or policies that may be adopted in the future. If the PRC government determines that we do not comply with applicable law, it could take other regulatory or enforcement actions against us that could be harmful to our business. 26 IF THE PRC REGULATORY AUTHORITIES DETERMINE THAT OUR CURRENT CORPORATE STRUCTURE FOR OWNERSHIP AND OPERATION OF OUR RETAIL DRUGSTORE BUSINESS IN THE PRC DO NOT COMPLY WITH PRC REGULATORY RESTRICTIONS ON FOREIGN INVESTMENT IN THE DRUGSTORE INDUSTRY, WE COULD BE SUBJECT TO SEVERE PENALTIES, OR MAY BE REQUIRED TO UNDERTAKE A COSTLY AND/OR TIME-CONSUMING CORPORATE RESTRUCTURING . Under current PRC law on foreign investment, foreign companies are allowed to establish or invest in wholly-owned foreign enterprises or joint ventures that engage in wholesale or retail sales of pharmaceuticals in the PRC. These regulations limit the number and size of retail pharmacy outlets that a foreign investor may establish. If a foreign investor owns more than 30 outlets that sell a variety of branded pharmaceutical products sourced from different suppliers, the foreign investor's ownership interests in the outlets may be limited to 49.0%. We currently control more than 30 retail pharmacy outlets through: (1) our 80% equity ownership interest in Yongxin; (2) through Yongxin Drugstore, which owns 21 outlets and which we control through Yongxin’s 49% equity ownership of Yongxin Drugstore and through rights granted to Yongxin under the Entrustment Agreement between Yongxin and PRC citizens Yongxin Liu (our CEO and Chairman) and Yongkui Liu (a Company Vice President and former director), the owners of the remaining 51% equity ownership interest of Yongxin Drugstore; (3) Yongxin Drugstore’s 100% equity ownership in Caoantang Drugstore, which, in turn, owns 32 outlets; and (4) Yongxin Drugstore’s 90% equity ownership interest in Jinyongxin Drugstore, which, in turn, owns 26 outlets. We have also been advised by our PRC counsel that based on their understanding of the current PRC laws, rules and regulations and the Company’s receipt of all relevant government approvals for the equity joint venture, the structure under which we operate and hold equity ownership in our retail pharmacy businesses (including our corporate structure, our direct equity ownership interest in Yongxin, our indirect equity ownership in Yongxin’s subsidiaries, Yongxin Drugstore, Jinyongxin Drugstore and Caoantang Drugstore, and the 79 retail pharmacy outlets that we control through this structure) complies with all applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations. However, there are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of PRC laws, rules and regulations by PRC government authorities, and we cannot assure you that such authorities will not later issue a differing interpretation of the law and determine that our corporate and/or ownership structure does not comply with PRC laws, rules and regulations. In addition, new PRC laws, rules and regulations may be introduced from time to time to impose additional requirements that may be applicable to our corporate structure or our business operations. If we and/or our PRC subsidiaries are determined to be in violation of any existing or future PRC laws, rules or regulations, including laws applicable to foreign investment in retail pharmacy outlets, or fail to obtain or maintain any of the required governmental permits or approvals, the relevant PRC regulatory authorities would have broad discretion in dealing with such violations, including: · revoking the business and operating licenses of our PRC consolidated entities; · discontinuing or restricting the operations of our PRC consolidated entities; · imposing conditions or requirements with which we or our PRC consolidated entities may not be able to comply; · requiring us or our PRC consolidated entities to restructure the relevant ownership structure or operations; · restricting or prohibiting our use of the proceeds from our financings to fund our business and operations in the PRC; or · imposing fines. The imposition of any of the above-described penalties and/or a restructuring of our holding structure in order to comply with relevant PRC regulations could severely disrupt our ability to conduct business and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and prospects. THE VIE STRUCTURE THAT WE ADOPTED UNDER THE MAY 2010 RESTRUCTURING MAY NOT BE AS EFFECTIVE IN PROVIDING CONTROL OVER YONGXIN AS DIRECT OWNERSHIP . As a result of the completion of the May 2010 Restructuring, Yongxin directly owns 49% equity interests in Yongxin Drugstore while the remaining 51% equity interests are controlled by us through the VIE structure. This VIE structure may not be as effective in providing control over Yongxin Drugstore as direct ownership as it largely depends on the PRC Holders’ compliance with the Entrustment Agreement. Due to lack of explicit and detailed requirements regarding the entrustment arrangements under the current PRC legal regime, we may have difficulties in enforcing the Entrustment Agreement against the PRC Holders in the event they violate the arrangements thereunder. RISKS RELATING TO THIS OFFERING AND AN INVESTMENT IN OUR SECURITIES THERE IS CURRENTLY A LIMITED TRADING MARKET FOR OUR COMMON STOCK, AND THERE IS NO ASSURANCE OF A MORE ESTABLISHED PUBLIC TRADING MARKET, WHICH WOULD ADVERSELY AFFECT THE ABILITY OF OUR INVESTORS TO SELL THEIR SECURITIES IN THE PUBLIC MARKET. We cannot predict the extent to which an active public market for our common stock will develop or be sustained. Commencing [________], 2010, our common stock is traded on The NASDAQ Capital Market. Our common stock were previously quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, where they have historically been sporadically or "thinly-traded", meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing our common shares at or near bid prices at any given time may be relatively small or non-existent. This situation is attributable to a number of factors, including the fact that we are a relatively new company which is relatively unknown to stock analysts, stock brokers, institutional investors and others in the investment community that generate or influence sales volume, and that even if we came to the attention of such persons, they tend to be risk-averse and would be reluctant to follow an unproven company such as ours or purchase or recommend the purchase of our shares until such time as we became more seasoned and viable. As a consequence, there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our shares is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned issuer which has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on share price. We cannot give you any assurance that a broader or more active public trading market for our common stock will develop or be sustained, or that current trading levels will be sustained. 27 The market for our common shares is characterized by significant price volatility when compared to seasoned issuers, and we expect that our share price will continue to be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. The market price for our common stock is influenced by a number of factors, including: · our ability to obtain additional financing and, if available, the terms and conditions of the financing; · our financial position and results of operations; · concern as to, or other evidence of, the reliability and safety of our products and services or our competitors' products and services; · announcements of innovations or new products or services by us or our competitors; · U.S. federal and state governmental regulatory actions and the impact of such requirements on our business; · PRC governmental regulatory actions and the impact of such requirements on our business; · the development of litigation against us; · period-to-period fluctuations in our operating results; · changes in estimates of our performance by any securities analysts; · the issuance of new equity securities pursuant to a future offering or acquisition; · changes in interest rates and/or foreign currency exchange rates; · competitive developments, including announcements by competitors of new products or services or significant contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; · investor perceptions of us; and · general economic and other national and international conditions. Many of these factors are beyond our control and may decrease the market price of our common shares, regardless of our operating performance. We cannot make any predictions or projections as to what the prevailing market price for our common shares will be at any time, including as to whether our common shares will sustain their current market prices, or as to what effect that the sale of shares or the availability of our common shares for sale at any time will have on the prevailing market price of such shares. SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT THE MARKET PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK, AS THE FUTURE SALE OF A SUBSTANTIAL AMOUNT OF OUTSTANDING STOCK IN THE PUBLIC MARKETPLACE COULD REDUCE THE PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK. Holders of a significant number of our shares and/or their designees may be eligible to sell our shares of common stock by means of ordinary brokerage transactions in the open market pursuant to Rule 144, promulgated under the Securities Act ("Rule 144"), subject to certain limitations. In general, pursuant to Rule 144, a non-affiliate stockholder (or stockholders whose shares are aggregated) who has satisfied a six-month holding period, and provided that there is current public information available, may sell all of its securities. Rule 144 also permits the sale of securities, without any limitations, by a non-affiliate that has satisfied a one-year holding period. Any substantial sale of common stock pursuant to any resale prospectus or Rule 144 may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock by creating an excessive supply. 28 OUR CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CERTAIN RELATED COMPANY OFFICERS AND STOCKHOLDERS HAVE SIGNIFICANT INFLUENCE OVER OUR COMPANYAND OUR CORPORATE ACTIONS. Our current CEO and Chairman of the Board, Mr. Yongxin Liu and Company’s Vice President Mr. Yongkui Liu (our CEO’s brother) and Ms. Yongmei Wang (spouse of Yongkui Liu) collectively own and control the majority of the Company’s voting power as of March 31, 2010. If these officers and/or stockholders were to act as a group, they would have a controlling influence in determining the outcome of any corporate transaction or other matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including mergers, consolidations and the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, election of directors, and other significant corporate actions. Such officers and/or stockholders may also have the power to prevent or cause a change in control. In addition, without the consent of these stockholders, we could be prevented from entering into transactions that could be beneficial to us. The interests of these stockholders may give rise to a conflict of interest with the Company and the Company’s shareholders. While the Company is not aware of any present situation which involves a conflict of interest, in the future, a conflict of interest may arise from the fact that Yongxin Liu and Yongkui Liu are executive officers of the Company, and are also minority equityholders of Yongxin. If there should ever be a divergence of interest of the minority equityholders on the one hand, and the Company on the other hand, Mr. Yongxin Liu and Yongkui Liu would have incentives to act to protect their minority interests in Yongxin vis-à-vis the majority controlling interest of the Company. THE COMPANY WILL NOT RECEIVE 100% OF THE ECONOMIC BENEFIT OF THE INCOME AND ASSETS OF YONGXIN. Although the Company consolidates the financial results of Yongxin and its subsidiaries for financial reporting purposes, the Company will not receive 100% of the economic benefit of the income and assets of Yongxin, and in most cases the Company will receive only 80% of such economic benefit. For example, if Yongxin were to distribute accumulated earnings or assets, 20% of such distributed assets would be paid to the minority equity holders, and 80% would be paid to the Company. For financial reporting purposes, the Company also accounts for the 20% interest as a non-controlling interest, which has the effect of lowering reported earnings per share (as compared to a scenario in which the Company owned 100% of Yongxin). IF WE FAIL TO MAINTAIN EFFECTIVE INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING, THE PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK MAY BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED. We are required to establish and maintain appropriate internal controls over financial reporting. Failure to establish those controls, or any failure of those controls once established, could adversely impact our public disclosures regarding our business, financial condition or results of operations. Any failure of these controls could also prevent us from maintaining accurate accounting records and discovering accounting errors and financial frauds. Rules adopted by the SEC pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 require annual assessment of our internal control over financial reporting, and attestation of this assessment by our independent registered public accountants. The SEC extended the compliance dates for non-accelerated filers, as defined by the SEC. Accordingly, we believe that the annual assessment of our internal controls requirement has first applied to our annual report for the 2007 fiscal year and the attestation requirement of management's assessment by our independent registered public accountants will be first applied to our annual report for the 2010 fiscal year. The standards that must be met for management to assess the internal control over financial reporting as effective are new and complex, and require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation to meet the detailed standards. We may encounter problems or delays in completing activities necessary to make an assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, the attestation process by our independent registered public accountants is new and we may encounter problems or delays in completing the implementation of any requested improvements and receiving an attestation of our assessment by our independent registered public accountants. If we cannot assess our internal control over financial reporting as effective, or our independent registered public accountants are unable to provide an unqualified attestation report on such assessment, investor confidence and share value may be negatively impacted. In addition, management's assessment of internal controls over financial reporting may identify weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed in our internal controls over financial reporting or other matters that may raise concerns for investors. Any actual or perceived weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed in our internal control over financial reporting, disclosure of management's assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting, or disclosure of our public accounting firm's attestation to or report on management's assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting may have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock. COMPLIANCE WITH CHANGING REGULATION OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE WILL RESULT IN ADDITIONAL EXPENSES. Changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related SEC regulations, have created uncertainty for public companies and significantly increased the costs and risks associated with accessing the public markets and public reporting. Our management team will need to invest significant management time and financial resources to comply with both existing and evolving standards for public companies, which will lead to increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue generating activities to compliance activities. 29 WE DO NOT FORESEE PAYING CASH DIVIDENDS IN THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE. We do not plan to declare or pay any cash dividends on our shares of common stock in the foreseeable future and currently intend to retain any future earnings for funding growth. As a result, investors should not rely on an investment in our securities if they require the investment to produce dividend income. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS The information contained in this prospectus includes some statements that are not purely historical and that are "forward-looking statements." Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our company's and our management's expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including our financial condition, results of operations, and the expected effect of the offering. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words "anticipates," "believes," "continue," "could," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "may," "might," "plans," "possible," "potential," "predicts," "projects," "seeks," "should," "will," "would" and similar expressions, or the negatives of such terms, may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. The forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus are based on current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and the potential effects on the parties and the transaction. There can be no assurance that future developments actually affecting us will be those anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond the parties' control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements, including the following: · The market acceptance of the Products we sell; · Problems that we may face in marketing and distributing the Products we sell; · Errors in business planning attributable to insufficient market size or segmentation data; · Exposure to product liability and defect claims; · Changes in the laws of the People's Republic of China that affect our operations; · Any recurrence of health epidemics and other outbreaks; · Our ability to obtain and maintain all necessary government certifications and/or licenses to conduct our business; · Development of a public trading market for our securities; · Our inability to raise additional capital when needed; · Problems with important suppliers and strategic business partners; · Potential PRC regulatory issues we may face in connection with our corporate and ownership structure; · The cost of complying with current and future governmental regulations and the impact of any changes in the regulations on our operations; and · The other factors referenced in this Prospectus, including, without limitation, under the sections entitled "Risk Factors," "Financial Information," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," and "Business." These risks and uncertainties, along with others, are also described above under the heading "Risk Factors." Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of the parties' assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risk factors emerge from time to time and we cannot predict all such risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all such risk factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. This prospectus may also contain estimates and other industry and other statistical data developed by independent parties and by us relating to market size, growth and segmentation of markets. This data involves a number of assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to such estimates. We have not independently verified these estimates generated by independent parties and contained in this prospectus and, accordingly, we cannot guarantee their accuracy or completeness. In addition, projections, assumptions and estimates of our future performance and the future performance of the industries in which we operate are necessarily subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, including those described in “Risk Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation” and elsewhere in this prospectus. These and other factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in the estimates made by the independent parties and by us. 30 Consequently, all of the forward-looking statements made in this prospectus are qualified by these cautionary statements, and there can be no assurance that the actual results anticipated by management will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences to or effects on our business operations. USE OF PROCEEDS We estimate the gross proceeds from the offering, prior to deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and the estimated offering expenses payable by us, will be approximately $20 million. This estimate is based on an assumed offering price of $5 per share, which is the midpoint of our expected offering range of $4 to $6. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares by the selling shareholders. We estimate that we will receive net proceeds of $18 million from the sale of 4 million shares of common stock being offered at an assumed public offering price of $5 per share, after deducting $1.6 million for underwriting discounts and commissions and our underwriters’ non-accountable expense allowance but excluding estimated expenses of approximately $0.4 million, which includes legal, accounting, printing costs, and various fees associated with the registration and listing of our shares. We intend to use the net proceeds of the offering as follows: Description Anticipated Application of Net Proceeds Percentage of Net Proceeds Acquisition of drug distribution companies (1) $ 10 million 56 % Newly establish or acquire additional drug stores (2) 4.5 million 25 Marketing and advertising (3) 2 million 11 Working capital 1.5 million 8 Total $ 18 million 100 % (1) The target drug distribution companies are located in Changchun, Tonghua and Jilin City in Jilin province. (2) We plan to newly establish or acquire approximately 80 additional retail drug stores to expand our retail market share in Jilin and Heilongjiang provinces. (3) We plan to increase our spending on marketing and advertising through various channels to strengthen our brand in new cities and throughout Jilin Province. The amounts actually spent by us for any specific purpose may vary significantly and will depend on a number of factors. Accordingly, our management has broad discretion to allocate the net proceeds. Pending the uses described above, we intend to invest the net proceeds of this offering in short-term, interest-bearing, investment-grade securities. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. Our trading symbol was changed to “CYXND” in connection with the 1-for-12 reverse stock split we effected on May 24, 2010 and this symbol will revert back to “CYXN” on or around June 24, 2010. The following table sets forth the high and low bid information for the common stock for each quarter within the last two fiscal years, as reported by the OTC Bulletin Board. The bid prices reflect inter-dealer quotations, do not include retail markups, markdowns, or commissions, do not necessarily reflect actual transactions. The information below reflects prices on a post 1-for-12 reverse-stock-split basis: Low High 2010 Quarter ended March 31, 2009 $ 4.80 $ 8.28 2009 Quarter ended December 31, 2009 $ 3.48 $ 9.60 Quarter ended September 30, 2009 1.68 9.48 Quarter ended June 30, 2009 1.32 3.84 Quarter ended March 31, 2009 0.72 4.56 2008 Quarter ended December 31, 2008 $ 0.60 $ 7.08 Quarter ended September 30, 2008 4.92 16.80 Quarter ended June 30, 2008 4.80 18.36 Quarter ended March 31, 2008 11.16 20.64 31 The last reported closing sales price for shares of our common stock was $5.75 per share on the OTCBB on June 1, 2010. Holders As of June 1, 2010, we had approximately 165 holders of record of our common stock, and we had two holders of record of our Series A Preferred Stock. The number of registered shareholders of our common stock excludes any estimate by us of the number of beneficial owners of common shares held in street name. Dividend Policy We do not expect to declare or pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future, and we currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the expansion of our business. The decision whether to pay cash dividends on our common stock will be made by our board of directors, in its discretion, and will depend on our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements and other factors that the board of directors considers significant. We did not pay any cash dividends during the years ended December 31, 2009 or 2008. Under applicable PRC regulations, foreign-invested enterprises in China may pay dividends only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. In addition, a foreign-invested enterprise in China is required to set aside at least 10.0% of their after-tax profit based on PRC accounting standards each year to its general reserves until the accumulated amount of such reserves reaches 50.0% of its registered capital. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends. DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE Although our common stock is currently traded on the OTC Bulletin Board, we have applied to have our common stock listed for trading on the NASDAQ Capital Market which we anticipate will occur immediately prior to the effective date of the registration statement, of which this prospectus forms a part. Trading of securities on the NASDAQ Capital Market is made through a market maker. Our lead underwriter, Rodman & Renshaw, LLC, however, is not obligated to make a market in our securities, and even after making a market, may discontinue market making at any time without notice. Neither we nor the underwriters can provide any assurance that an active and liquid trading market in our securities will develop or, if developed, that the market will continue. The public offering price of the shares offered by this prospectus has been determined by negotiation between us and the underwriters. Among the factors considered in determining the public offering price of the shares were: · our history and our prospects; · the industry in which we operate; · the status and development prospects for our operations, products and services; · our past and present operating results; · the previous experience of our executive officers; and · the general condition of the securities markets at the time of this offering. The offering price stated on the cover page of this prospectus should not be considered an indication of the actual value of our common stock. That price is subject to change as a result of market conditions and other factors, and we cannot assure you that the shares can be resold at or above the public offering price. 32 CAPITALIZATION The following table sets forth our capitalization: · on an actual basis (giving effect to the 1-for-12 reverse stock split which became effective on May 24, 2010); and · on a pro-forma as adjusted basis to give effect to the sale of 4 million shares of common stock in this offering at an assumed public offering price of $5 per share, which is the low point of our expected offering range, after deducting the estimated underwriting discount & commissions and estimated offering expenses, including those incurred by the selling shareholders, payable by us, and application of net proceeds. You should read this table together with “Use of Proceeds,” “Summary Financial Information,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition,” “Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. As of March 31, 2010 Actual Pro-Forma As Adjusted Series A convertible preferred stock, $0.001 par value, 5,000,000 shares authorized, 1,666,667 shares issued and outstanding (1). $ 1,667 $ 1,667 Common stock, $0.001 par value, 75,000,000 shares authorized; 4,779,077 shares issued and outstanding (1). $ 4,779 $ 5,199 Paid-in-capital $ 2,571,921 $ 20,971,501 Receivable from a related party for issuance of shares $ (50,000 ) $ (50,000 ) Statutory reserves $ 2,716,929 $ 2,716,929 Retained earnings $ 16,183,821 $ 16,183,821 Accumulated other comprehensive income $ 1,808,088 $ 1,808,088 Non- controlling interest $ 5,893,034 5,893,034 Total shareholder’s equity $ 29,130,239 $ 47,530,239 Total capitalization $ 23,237,205 $ 41,637,205 (1) The effect of the 1-for-12 reverse stock split on May 24, 2010 has been applied retroactively. DILUTION If you invest in our common stock, your interest will be diluted to the extent of the difference between the public offering price per unit you pay and the as adjusted net tangible book value per share of our common stock after this offering. As of March 31, 2010, we had a net tangible book value of $28,169,612 or $5.67 per share. Net tangible book value represents our total tangible assets, less all liabilities, divided by the number of shares of common stock outstanding. Without taking into account any changes in such net tangible book value after March 31, 2010, other than to give effect to the sale by the Company of 4 million shares of common stock offered hereby, the pro forma net tangible book value per share at March 31, 2010 would have been $5.08. This amount represents an immediate decrease in net tangible book value of $0.59 per share to the current shareholders of the Company and an immediate increase in net tangible book value of $0.08 per share to new investors purchasing shares in this offering as illustrated in the following table: Public offering price per share (1) $ 5.00 Net tangible book value per share before the offering $ 5.67 Decrease in net tangible book value per share to existing shareholders attributable to new investors (after deduction of the estimated underwriting discount and other offering expenses to be paid by Company) $ 0.59 Pro forma net tangible book value per share after the offering $ 5.08 Increased value per share to new investors (determined by taking the adjusted net tangible book value after the offering and deducting the amount of cash paid by a new investor for a share of common stock) $ 0.08 (1) We assumed an offering price of $5 per share for purposes of calculating dilution. 33 The following table sets forth, on a pro forma basis as of December 31, 2009, the number of shares of common stock purchased from the Company, the total consideration paid, and the average price per share paid by the existing shareholders and by the new investors, assuming in the case of new investors a public offering price of $5 per share, before deductions of the underwriting and other offering expenses: Shares Purchased Number Percent Total Consideration Amount (in 000’s) Percent Average Price Per Share Existing Shareholders 2,922,504 41 % $ 19,523 51 % $ 6.68 New Investors 4,200,000 59 % $ 18,400 49 % $ 5.00 Total 7,122,504 100 % $ 37,923 100 % The foregoing table does not include the effect of the exercise of the underwriter’s overallotment option. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Forward-Looking Statements The following discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition of China Yongxin Pharmaceuticals Inc. for the three month periods ended March 31, 2010 and 2009, and the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements, and the notes to those financial statements that are included elsewhere in this prospectus. References to “we,” “our,” or “us” in this section refers to the Company and its subsidiaries. Our discussion includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those set forth under the Risk Factors, Forward-Looking Statements and Business sections in this prospectus. We use words such as “anticipate,” “estimate,” “plan,” “project,” “continuing,” “ongoing,” “expect,” “believe,” “intend,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “could,” and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. GENERAL OVERVIEW China Yongxin is a wholesale distributor of pharmaceuticals and health-related products, and the third largest drugstore chain in Jilin province in the northeastern region of the People’s Republic of China (“PRC” or “China”). In 2009, we were a leader in the sales and distribution of the Products we sell through retail operations in northeastern China. According to the PRC National Bureau of Statistics, Jilin province had a total population of approximately 27.34 million as of the end of 2008. We currently operate 100 retail locations, half of which are situated in high-traffic residential districts. We enjoy strong brand name recognition in Jilin province, which we believe results from our many locations in high-traffic areas, our quality of service and our reputation. We believe that our customer service orientation, close contact with local community, competitive price format, and broad product offerings provide a convenient and value-oriented shopping experience for our customers and has allowed us to build customer loyalty. We also utilize our extensive retail network as a channel to provide affordable, quality, health and wellness products and services to our customers. Our PRC operations began retail operations in 2004, and in 2005, we gained franchise rights from one of the world's largest drug chains for Jilin province. The Company has rapidly grown and it currently has a retail chain of 100 drugstore outlets as well as the wholesale distribution operations in Northeastern China. Our corporate headquarters are located in City of Industry, California and the Company’s distribution operations are based in Changchun City, Jilin Province, China. Substantially all of our employees are located in China. As of June 1, 2010, we had approximately 673 full time employees, with 143 employees with pharmaceutical education and/or training, and 17 licensed pharmacists working at our retail drugstores. 34 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES Our management’s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements that have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements as well as the reported net sales and expenses during the reporting periods. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. While our latest significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements for the period ended March 31, 2010 commencing on page F-1 under the section above titled “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,” we believe that the following accounting policies are the most critical to aid you in fully understanding and evaluating this management discussion and analysis: Basis of Presentation The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The functional currency of our operating Chinese subsidiaries is Chinese Renminbi (“RMB”); however, the accompanying financial statements have been translated and presented in United States Dollars (“USD”). Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“GAAP”) requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates include collectability of accounts receivable, accounts payable, sales returns and recoverability of long-term assets. Non-Controlling Interest The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared by the Company, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) and in accordance with GAAP. The Company owns an 80% interest in Yongxin, and Yongxin Liu and Yongkui Liu own 11% and 9% of Yongxin, respectively. The 20% equity interest held by Yongxin Liu and Yongkui Liu represents non-controlling interest and the Net Income Attributable to Minority Shareholders amounted to $5,860,892 as of March 31, 2010 compared to $5,687,633 as of December 31, 2009. The Company owns a 90% ownership interest in Jinyongxin Drugstore. The remaining 10% interest in Jinyongxin Drugstore is owned by third parties. As of March 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, the 10% equity interest and net profit to minority stockholders amounted to $32,148 and $26,917, respectively. Inventories Inventories are valued on a lower of weighted average cost or market basis. Inventory includes product cost, inbound freight, warehousing costs and vendor allowances not included as a reduction of advertising expense. Management compares the cost of inventory with the market value and allowance is made for writing down their inventory to market value, if lower. Work in process inventory includes the cost of raw materials and outsource processing fees. Revenue Recognition The Company’s revenue recognition policies are in compliance with Staff Accounting Bulletin (“SAB”) 104 (ASC 605). Sales revenue is recognized at the date of shipment to customers when a formal arrangement exists, the price is fixed or determinable, the delivery is completed, no other significant obligations of the Company exist and collectability is reasonably assured. The Company recognizes revenue net of an allowance for estimated returns, at the time the merchandise is sold or services performed. The allowance for sales returns is estimated based on the Company’s historical experience. Sales taxes are presented on a net basis (excluded from revenues and costs). Payments received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as unearned revenue. 35 Recent Accounting Pronouncements For a description of new accounting standards that may affect us, see Note 2 in our unaudited consolidated financial statements for the period ended March 31, 2010 that is attached hereto under the section “Financial Statements” commencing on page F-1. Recent Developments – Divestiture of e-learning business On March 1, 2010, the Company divested its digital e-learning business including its wholly-owned subsidiary, Digital Learning Institute Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Digital Learning”); and (i) Digital Learning’s wholly-owned subsidiary Software Education of America, Inc., a California corporation; (ii) Digital Learning’s wholly-owned subsidiary McKinley Educational Services, Inc., a California corporation; (iii) Digital Learning’s wholly-owned subsidiary Digital Knowledge Works, Inc., a Delaware corporation; and (iv) Digital Learning’s wholly-owned subsidiary Coursemate, Inc., a California corporation (referred to collectively herein as the "Digital E-learning Business"). Prior to the Reverse Acquisition Transaction on November 16, 2007, the Digital E-learning Business was the principal business of the Company (then known as Digital Learning Management Corporation). Following the completion of the Reverse Acquisition Transaction, in which we acquired a controlling interest in Yongxin Drugstore, our management changed and we changed our name to “China Yongxin Pharmaceuticals, Inc.” Successor management considered the Digital E-learning Business to be tangential to the current principal business of the Company, the wholesale and retail of pharmaceuticals and health-related products. At the time of the Reverse Acquisition Transaction, it was contemplated that the Company would divest the Digital E-learning Business. On May 13, 2010, the board of directors ratified, approved and confirmed a plan and agreement to sell the Digital E-learning Business to PmMaster Beijing Software Co., Ltd. for $20,000. Under the Stock Purchase Agreement, PmMaster Beijing Software Co., Ltd. assumed $1.9 million in liabilities associated with the Digital E-learning Business, and paid the agreed purchase price in cash. The divestiture was completed on March 1, 2010. Results of Operations Comparison of Three Month Periods Ended March 31, 2010 and 2009. The following table sets forth the results of our operations for the periods indicated: Three Months Ended March 31, 2010 2009 (unaudited) (unaudited) Net Revenues $ 10,679,465 $ 9,184,994 Cost of Goods Sold (8,276,361 ) (6,954,270 ) Gross profit 2,403,105 2,230,724 Operating Expenses: Selling expenses 794,123 820,162 General and administrative 847,830 338,492 Total operating expenses 1,641,954 1,158,654 Income From Operations 761,151 1,072,070 Other Income (Expense): Gain on settlement of debt 75,000 - Other income 71,351 87,797 Other expense 62,618 (26,377 ) Interest income (expense) (50,696 ) 8,474 Total other income 158,273 69,894 Operating Income Before Income Tax & Non-Controlling Interest 919,424 1,141,964 Provision For Income Tax (290,816 ) (204,765 ) Net Income Before Non-Controlling Interest and Discontinued Operations 628,608 937,199 Discontinued Operations - Loss from discontinued operations 10,997 (416,222 ) Gain on disposal of subsidiaries 1,889,800 - Total income (loss) from discontinued operations 1,900,798 (416,222 ) Net Income Before Non-Controlling Interest 2,529,406 520,977 Net Income Attributable to the Non-Controlling Interest (178,425 ) (132,585 ) Net Income Attributable to the Company 2,350,980 388,392 Other Comprehensive Item Foreign exchange translation gain 288 (23,677 ) Net Comprehensive Income 2,351,268 364,715 Earnings per share (1): Basic 0.48 0.12 Diluted 0.48 0.12 Weighted average number of shares outstanding (1): Basic 4,749,818 2,586,821 Diluted 4,968,017 2,586,821 (1) The effect of the 1-for-12 reverse stock split on May 24, 2010 has been applied retroactively. 36 Net Revenues. For the three month period ended March 31, 2010, our net revenues increased approximately 16.3% from $9,184,994 for the three month period ended March 31, 2009 to $10,679,465 for the same period ended March 31, 2010. Our revenues for the three month period ended March 31, 2010 were higher due to additional sales of $543,180 through our new retail drugstores and an increase in sales from products listed on the national medical insurance program in the amount of $420,000, which are reimbursable to recipients under the PRC national medical insurance program for certain medicines by authorized pharmacies. Cost of Goods Sold . Cost of goods sold, which mainly consisted of the cost of drugs, was $6,954,270, or approximately 75.7% of net revenues for the three month period ended March 31, 2009, as compared to $8,276,361, or approximately 77.5% of net revenues for the same period in 2010. The $1.3 million increase in cost of goods sold, which largely contributed to the approximate 1.8% increase in cost of goods as a percentage of net revenues, was mainly due to a significant increase in the cost of certain seasonal and herbal medications, such as cold medicine, during the winter cold and flu season. Raw material costs for these medications have increased during the past year, and management believes this was due to a severe drought in the southwest region of China in 2009 which restricted the supply of certain herbal ingredients for these seasonal and herbal medications, which in turn caused the wholesale cost of the related herbal medications to increase. Since a significant portion of our sales consisted of these costly seasonal medications, our overall cost of goods sold increased. Gross Profit. Our gross profit decreased 1.8% from $2,230,724 for the three month period ended March 31, 2009, to $2,403,105 for the same period ended March 31, 2010. This decrease in gross profit was due mainly to the increase in our cost of goods sold, while at the same time we were not able to increase sale prices for seasonal and herbal medications to recoup all of our increased cost. Accordingly, gross profit margins for this category of medications were significantly lower in this period, and this caused a reduction in our overall gross profit margin. Although unusual weather patterns may occur from time to time and cannot be predicted, management believes that the drought that affected herbal crops in southwestern China in 2009 and increased raw material costs do not represent a long term trend. In addition, management expects that its continued efforts to expand and diversify the Company’s product offerings will lessen the effect of such events in the future. Further, in the future, if the wholesale cost of certain medications were to remain relatively high, we expect to be able to eventually raise our retail prices to our customers for these medications, which would restore profit margins. Selling Expenses . Selling expenses, which consist of advertising and promotion expenses, freight charges and salaries, decreased approximately 3.2% from $820,162 for the three month period ended March 31, 2009 to $794,123 for the same period in 2010. The decrease in selling expenses was mainly attributable to better control of our selling expenses through certain cost-cutting efforts such as the reduction of utilities usage, cutbacks in office supply expenses and cost-saving changes in the packaging of our products. General and Administrative Expenses . General and administrative expenses were $338,492 for the three month period ended March 31, 2009, as compared to $847,830 for the three month period ended March 31, 2010, an increase of 150.5%. This increase was largely due to an increase in accrued litigation settlement costs, and the settlement of such litigation is expected to be a one-time non-recurring expense. 37 Other Income. Other income increased 126.5% from $69,894 for the three month period ended March 31, 2009 to $158,273 for the same period in 2010. Other income for the three month period ended March 31, 2010 was higher because we received more subsidies from the government and we recorded a gain of $75,000 from the settlement of debt. Net Income . Net income increased 505.3% from a net income of $388,392 for the three month period ended March 31, 2009 to a net income of $2,350,980 for the three month period ended March 31, 2010. Such significant increase in net income was mainly due to the sale of our e-learning business during the first quarter of 2010, in which we transferred approximately $1.9 million in liabilities associated with the e-learning business. Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008. The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain information derived from our consolidated statements of operations: Year Ended December 31, 2009 2008 Net Revenue $ 47,589,280 $ 59,116,534 Cost of Revenue 31,271,463 47,226,275 Gross Profit 16,317,817 11,890,259 Selling Expenses 3,543,383 3,521,147 General & Administrative Expenses 3,575,059 2,500,366 Total Operating Expenses 7,118,442 6,021,513 Income from Operations 9,199,376 5,868,745 Other Income 278,846 690,516 Operating Income Before Tax and Minority Interest 9,349,545 6,400,113 Provision for Income Tax (2,594,483) (1,009,643) Net Income Before Minority Interest $ 6,724,111 $ 5,305,620 Minority Interest 1,599,122 (1,239,480) Net Income 5,124,989 4,066,139 Basic Earnings Per Share (1) 1.80 1.56 Diluted Earnings Per Share (1) 1.80 1.56 Basic Weighted Average Shares Outstanding (1) 2,770,067 2,595,902 Diluted Weighted Average Shares Outstanding (1) 2,922,505 2,595,902 (1) The effect of the 1-for-12 reverse stock split on May 24, 2010 has been applied retroactively. Net Revenues . For the year ended December 31, 2009, our net revenues decreased approximately 19.5% from $59,116,534 in 2008 to $47,589,280 in 2009. The decrease was attributable to a decrease in sales from the wholesale sector of our business, which included sales to hospitals, medical facilities and other retailers which represented approximately 70% of our total net revenues. Sales volume from the wholesale sector of our business decreased due to the uncertainty of the direction of the National Medical Policy, as described in the recent development section of this prospectus. In response to this trend, we shifted our focus from the wholesale sector to the retail sector of our business, which in the period presented represented approximately 30% of our total net revenues. Revenues from our retail operation, increased from $10,865,100 in 2008 to 13,898,110 in 2009, or approximately 27.9%. The increase in our retail segment was attributable to the addition of seven new retail drugstores in 2009. These new retail stores are located in prime locations in the city centers. As of November 2009, we discontinued our ginseng and health products production business in our efforts to focus on the retail segment of our business. Cost Of Sales . Cost of sales decreased by $15,954,812 or approximately 33.8%, and such decrease corresponded with the decrease in sales volume. Cost of sales as a percentage of net revenues decreased from $47,226,275, or approximately 79.9% of net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2008, to $31,271,463, or approximately 65.7% of net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2009. We were able to reduce the cost of sales to net sales percentage from 79.9% in 2008 to 65.7% in 2009 due to a restructure of our product mix. We increased the proportion of products, brands and types of medicines which had lower actual costs and higher gross profit margins which resulted in an improved overall gross margin. Our other operating costs, such as utilities, labor and transportation remained stable and decreased in proportion to the decrease in our sales. 38 Gross Profit . Gross profit increased approximately 37.2% from $11,890,259 for the year ended December 31, 2008 to $16,317,817 for the year ended December 31, 2009. This increase in gross profit was primarily due to the change of our product mix in which we increased the proportion of products with higher profit margins, such as cosmetics and certain health and nutritional products. Selling Expenses . Selling expenses, which consist of advertising and promotion expenses, freight charges and salaries, stayed approximately the same from $3,521,147 for the year ended December 31, 2008 to $3,543,383 for the same period in 2009. Even though we opened seven new stores in 2009, our selling expenses remained substantially unchanged due to certain cost-cutting efforts such as the reduction of utilities usage, cutbacks in office supply expenses and changes in the packaging of our products. General and Administrative Expenses . General and administrative expenses were $3,575,059 for the year ended December 31, 2009, as compared to $2,500,366 for the year ended December 31, 2008, an increase of 43.0%. This increase was largely due to an increase in bad debt expense and increases in accrued litigation fees. Other Income . Other income decreased 59.6% from $690,516 in 2008 to $278,846 in 2009. The Company received approximately $180,000 in government subsidies in 2008, which were not received in 2009. The decrease was also partially attributable to a change of our accounting method at the end of fiscal 2008. With the new accounting method in 2009, Yongxin Drugstore calculated its cost using actual cost instead of sales price, thus cost was recorded at a lower amount under other income. Net Income . Net income increased approximately 26.0% from a net income of $4,066,139 for the year ended December 31, 2008 to a net income of $5,124,989 for the year ended December 31, 2009. The increase was largely due to an increase in our gross profit due to the change in our product mix, to include more high-margin products, which resulted in higher overall gross profit margins and higher net income. LIQUIDITY Cash Flows Three Month Period Ended March 31, 2010 Net cash flow used in operating activities was $50,901 for the three month period ended March 31, 2010, as compared to net cash flow provided by operating activities in the amount of $279,792 for the three month period ended March 31, 2009. For the three months ended March 31, 2010, the decrease in net cash flow provided by operating activities was mainly due to an increase in our notes receivable of $1,043,899, a decrease of tax payable of $651,293 and a decrease of accrued expenses and deferred income of $309,562. Net cash flow provided by investing activities was $117,585 during the three months ended March 31, 2010, as compared to cash outflow of $262,301 for the same period in 2009. For the three months ended March 31, 2010, the net cash flow provided by investing activities increased mainly due to the proceeds from the sale of property and equipment. Net cash flow provided by financing activities decreased from $981,397 for the three months ended March 31, 2009 to $123,862 for the three months ended March 31, 2010. The decrease was mainly due to the increase of restricted cash held in escrow of $571,500 and the repayment of certain short term and long term loans. Year Ended December 31, 2009 Net cash flow provided by operating activities was $4.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2009, as compared to $5.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2008. The decrease in net cash flow provided by operating activities was mainly due to increased credit sales from retail stores for medical care instead of cash payment. For the year ended December 31, 2009, cash flow provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to net income and an increase in accrued expenses offset by increases in accounts receivable and other receivables. For the year ended December 31, 2008, the net cash flows provided by operating activities was attributable to a decrease in accounts receivable of $954,908, an increase in advances to suppliers of $53,084, an increase in notes receivable of $1.3 million, an increase in inventory of $1.1 million, a decrease in accounts payable of $2.2 million, an increase in advances from customers of $1.8 million, and an increase in taxes of $0.9 million. 39 The Company incurred cash outflows of $3.0 million from investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2009, as compared to cash outflows of $6.7 million for the same period in 2008. The significant decrease in cash outflows was mainly attributable to the purchase of fixed assets and increase in the amounts due from related parties. The cash outflows of $6.7 million in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2008 was mainly attributable to remodeling and construction expenses. In conjunction with the 2008 Olympics, certain governmental policies were enacted in an effort to make the commercial areas of Beijing more environmentally friendly and improve the appearance and function of retail stores. We renovated our offices and retail drugstores to comply with these governmental policies in 2008. We also remodeled some of our stores to sublet to other tenants to bring in extra income. We also invested in the development of ERP software to link sales to our accounting and finance department in 2008. Net cash flows provided by financing activities was $201,153 for the year ended December 31, 2008 compared to net cash flows used in financing activities of $367,325 for the year ended December 31, 2009. The decrease was mainly attributable to a decrease in financing activities which resulted from a payment of loan in 2009 as compared to 2008. CAPITAL RESOURCES At March 31, 2010, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 2.0 million, total current assets of approximately $33.4 million and total current liabilities of approximately $13.4 million. We presently finance our operations primarily from the cash flow from our operations. The Company believes that the existing cash and cash equivalents, and cash generated from operating activities will be sufficient to meet the needs of its current operations, including anticipated capital expenditures and scheduled debt repayments, for the next twelve months. The Company intends to utilize the proceeds of its financing to meet the needs of its long-term strategic plan. Please refer to the “Use of Proceeds” section for the Company’s plans to utilize the proceeds of the financing. We have certain material commitments for capital expenditures in connection with the remodeling and construction of our offices and retail drugstores and the development of our Enterprise Resource Planning software in 2009. The total capital expenditure budget for 2009 was approximately $6.5 million, and the full expenditure has been paid as of March 31, 2010. The Company is planning to open 35 additional retail drug stores in 2010, including 15 retail stores in Changchun city, 10 retail stores in Baishan city and 10 retail stores in Tianjin city. The total capital expenditure budget for the additional retail drug stores is approximately $2.5 million. We may rely on proceeds from the financing for additional working capital to complete these projects. CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND OFF BALANCE-SHEET ARRANGEMENTS Contractual Obligations This table summarizes our known contractual obligations and commercial commitments at March 31, 2010. Payments Due by Period Total Less than 1 year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years 5 Years + Contractual Obligations : Bank Indebtedness $ 2,211,613 $ 2,211,613 $ - $ - $ - Other Indebtedness $ 5,034,812 $ 5,034,812 $ - $ - $ - Capital Lease Obligations $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - Operating Leases $ 980,319 $ 980,319 $ - $ - $ - Purchase Obligations $ 5,284,899 $ 5,284,899 $ - $ - $ - Total Contractual Obligations: $ 13,511,643 $ 13,511,643 $ - $ - $ - Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have not entered into any other financial guarantees or other commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third parties. We have not entered into any derivative contracts that are indexed to our shares and classified as stockholder's equity or that are not reflected in our consolidated financial statements. Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. We do not have any variable interest in any unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit support to us or engages in leasing or hedging services with us. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Derivative Financial Instruments. We do not use derivative financial instruments in our investment portfolio and have no foreign exchange contracts. Our financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts receivable, accounts payable and long-term obligations. We consider investments in highly-liquid instruments purchased with a remaining maturity of 90 days or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. 40 Interest Rates . Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our short-term obligations; thus, fluctuations in interest rates would not have a material impact on the fair value of these securities. At December 31, 2009, we had approximately $1,805,271 in cash and cash equivalents. A hypothetical 10% increase or decrease in interest rates would not have a material impact on our earnings or loss, or the fair market value or cash flows of these instruments. Foreign Exchange Rate. We use the United States Dollar (“U.S. Dollars”) for financial reporting purposes but all of our sales and inputs are transacted in Renminbi (“RMB”). As a result, changes in the relative values of U.S. Dollars and RMB affect our reported levels of revenues and profitability as the results are translated into U.S. Dollars for reporting purposes. However, since we conduct our sales and purchase inputs in RMB, fluctuations in exchange rates are not expected to significantly affect our financial stability, or gross and net profit margins. We do not currently expect to incur significant foreign exchange gains or losses, or gains or losses associated with any foreign operations. During the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, we recorded net foreign currency gains of $123,209 and $824,961, respectively. During the three months ended March 31, 2010, we recorded a net foreign currency gain of $288 compared to a net foreign currency loss of $23,677 for the same period in 2009. BUSINESS Overview With respect to this discussion, the terms, "we," "us," "our," and the "Company" refer to China Yongxin Pharmaceuticals Inc. (formerly Digital Learning Management Corporation) (the "Company"), and its 80%-owned subsidiary, Changchun Yongxin Dirui Medical Co., Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the PRC ("Yongxin"), and (i) Yongxin's wholly-owned subsidiary Jilin Province Yongxin Chain Drugstore Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the PRC ("Yongxin Drugstore"); (ii) Yongxin Drugstore's 90%-owned subsidiary, Tianjin Jingyongxin Chain Drugstore Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the PRC ("Jingyongxin Drugstore"); and (iii) Yongxin Drugstore's wholly-owned subsidiary, Baishan Caoantang Chain Drugstore Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the PRC ("Caoantang Drugstore"). Through our Chinese subsidiaries, we are engaged in the wholesale and retail distribution of pharmaceuticals and medical-related products. Our corporate headquarters is located in City of Industry, California, but the Company's distribution operations are based in Changchun City, Jilin Province, PRC (see “Products”). Substantially all of our employees are located in China. As of June 1, 2010, we had approximately 673 full time employees, with 143 employees with pharmaceutical education and/or training, and 17 licensed pharmacists working at our retail drugstores. Our business mainly operates in two segments: (i) the wholesale of pharmaceuticals and other medical-related products and (ii) retail sales through our drugstore locations. Corporate Structure and History All of our business operations are carried out through our four PRC companies: 1. Yongxin, through which we operate our wholesale pharmaceuticals distribution business and in which we own an 80% equity ownership interest; 2. Yongxin Drugstore, through which we operate 42 pharmacy retail drugstores; 3. Tianjin Jingyongxin Chain Drugstore Ltd. (“Jingyongxin Drugstore”), through which we operate 26 pharmacy retail drugstores and in which Yongxin Drugstore owns a 90% equity ownership interest; and 4. Baishan Caoantang Chain Drugstore Ltd. (“Caoantang Drugstore”), through which we operate 32 pharmacy retail drugstores. The Company was originally incorporated in Delaware on February 18, 1999 under the name of FreePCSQuote. On December 21, 2006, Changchun Yongxin Dirui Medical Co., Ltd, a Chinese corporation ("Yongxin") and all of the shareholders of Yongxin entered into a reverse acquisition transaction with the Company. On April 12, 2008, we entered into a second amended acquisition agreement with Yongxin, effective November 16, 2007, in which the Company acquired 80% of the equity interest of Yongxin, and the Company issued an aggregate of 21,000,000 shares (pre-Reverse Split) of newly issued common stock and 5,000,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to the original Yongxin shareholders and/or their designees (the “Reverse Acquisition Transaction”). For accounting purposes, this Reverse Acquisition Transaction was accounted for under GAAP as a reverse acquisition, since the original stockholders of Yongxin became the owners of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, and the directors and executive officers of Yongxin became the directors and executive officers of the Company. In connection with the Reverse Acquisition Transaction, we changed our name to “Nutradyne Group Inc.” 41 Yongxin was originally established in 1993. Yongxin's business operations consist of wholesale and retail sales of pharmaceuticals, medical equipment, other medical-related products, health products including nutritional and dietary supplements, and cosmetics (see “Products”). Yongxin's operations are based in Changchun City, Jilin Province, China. In 2004, Yongxin established Jilin Province Yongxin Chain Drugstore Ltd. ("Yongxin Drugstore") to develop a customer-terminal network market. In July 2005, the Company obtained the franchise rights in Jilin Province from American Medicine Shoppe (Meixin International Medical Chains) and by then had developed four chains under the name of "Meixin Yongxin." As of June 1, 2010, Yongxin Drugstore had developed and continues to operate 21 retail chain drug stores under the Yongxin brand which collectively cover 3,373 square meters of retail space throughout Changchun city in China. On March 16, 2007, Yongxin Drugstore entered into various agreements with retail drug stores in Tianjin and established Tianjin Jingyongxin Chain Drugstore Ltd. ("Jinyongxin Drugstore"), in which the Company has a 90% equity ownership. Jinyongxin Drugstore is located in Tianjin City, China. As of June 1, 2010, Jinyongxin Drugstore had developed and continues to operate 26 retail chain drug stores with total retail space of 3,657 square meters throughout Tianjin City in China. On May 15, 2007, Yongxin established Jilin Dingjian Natural Health Products Co., Ltd. ("Dingjian") whereby Yongxin acquired a 90% ownership interest in Dingjian. The other 10% of Dingjian was held by an individual named Jianwei Chen. Dingjian was formed under laws of the People's Republic of China and is located in Changchun City, Jilin Province. Dingjian's products included ginseng products, flower-flavored tea, rare raw medicine materials and local specialty products. On November 21, 2009, Yongxin disposed of its entire ownership interest in Dingjian pursuant to an Equity Transfer Agreement (the "Agreement") with Sun Shi Wei, an individual. Pursuant to the Agreement, Yongxin transferred its 90% ownership interest in Dingjian to Sun Shi Wei. No other consideration was exchanged. As of the date of this prospectus, Yongxin holds no ownership interest in Dingjian, and is not subject to any of its liabilities. On June 15, 2007, Yongxin Drugstore established Baishan Caoantang Chain Drugstore Ltd. ("Caoantang Drugstore”). Caoantang Drugstore is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Yongxin Drugstore. As of June 1, 2010, Caoantang Drugstore operated a chain of 32 retail drugstores that collectively cover 2,804 square meters of retail space and sell the Products we sell. On May 5, 2008, the Company changed its name from “Nutradyne Group, Inc.” to “China Yongxin Pharmaceuticals Inc.” On March 9, 2009, the Company formally launched its Electronic Diagnosis System (the "EDS"), which enables its customers to remotely receive a medical diagnosis and conveniently purchase prescription drugs at its stores. To date, the Company has installed 20 EDS units in its Yongxin chain drugstores, all located in Changchun City, Jilin Province, China. Since the beginning of 2009, the Company has also signed 12 exclusive distribution agreements within the Jilin province with several well known pharmaceutical manufacturers including Tianjin Smith Kline & French Laboratones Ltd. As of April 14, 2010, Yongxin had exclusive distribution rights of an aggregate 96 prescription and over-the-counter drugs in Jilin province. This portfolio is a key component of its long term growth strategy to leverage its large distribution center and channels established to drive incremental future revenue growth. These agreements are typically one year in duration and renewable. On March 1, 2010, the Company divested its digital e-learning business including its wholly-owned subsidiary, Digital Learning Institute Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Digital Learning”); and (i) Digital Learning’s wholly-owned subsidiary Software Education of America, Inc., a California corporation; (ii) Digital Learning’s wholly-owned subsidiary McKinley Educational Services, Inc., a California corporation; (iii) Digital Learning’s wholly-owned subsidiary Digital Knowledge Works, Inc., a Delaware corporation; and (iv) Digital Learning’s wholly-owned subsidiary Coursemate, Inc., a California corporation (referred to collectively herein as the "Digital E-learning Business"). On April 21, 2010, we filed a Certificate of Amendment with Delaware’s Division of Corporations to amend and restate our Certificate of Incorporation (the “Restated Certificate of Incorporation”). The revisions in the Restated Certificate of Incorporation included the following: (a) an increase in the Company’s authorized shares of Common Stock from 75,000,000 to 100,000,000 shares; (b) a decrease in the authorized number of shares of both our preferred stock and our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock from 5,000,000 shares to 1,666,667 shares; and (c) additional amendments including changes to the rights of the holders of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock which included an increase in the number of votes that each share of Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to, when voting with the common stockholders as a single class, which was increased from six (6) to twenty-five (25). As described in the Definitive Information Statement that we filed with the SEC on February 22, 2010 and which we mailed to our stockholders on or about February 24, 2010, our board of directors approved the Restated Certificate of Incorporation by unanimous written consent on February 8, 2010. Further, on February 8, 2010, the holders of a majority of our voting capital stock held by holders of Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock, voting as a single class, and holders of a majority of our Series A Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, each approved the Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the adoption thereof. 42 Reverse Stock Split Effective on May 24, 2010, the Company effectuated a reverse stock split with a ratio of 1-for-12, whereby each twelve (12) issued and outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share (“Common Stock”) was combined into one (1) share of Common Stock (the “Reverse Split”), pursuant to the Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation that the Company filed with the State of Delaware’s Secretary of State (“Certificate of Amendment”). Effective May 26, 2010 (“Effective Date”), the Company’s Common Stock commenced trading under a new OTC Bulletin Board trading symbol, “CYXND,” the new trading symbol assigned by Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) in connection with the approval of the Reverse Split. The Company’s trading symbol will revert to “CYXN” within 20 business days of the Effective Date. The Company’s Common Stock, on a split-adjusted basis, has a new CUSIP number of 16946Y 207. Throughout this prospectus, each instance which refers to a number of shares of our common stock, refers to the number of shares of common stock after giving effect to the Reverse Split, unless otherwise indicated. The term “pre-Reverse Split” as used in this prospectus means a number of shares of common stock issued or outstanding prior to May 24, 2010 without giving effect to the Reverse Split. References to a number of shares of common stock in our historical financial statements for the three month period ending March 31, 2010, and for the years ending December 31, 2009 and 2008, are reported on a pre-Reverse Split basis. May 2010 Restructuring As described above, we collectively own and control 100 retail pharmacy outlets, through our ownership of Yongxin Drugstore and its affiliated entities, Jingyongxin Drugstore and Caoantang Drugstore. Yongxin previously owned a direct 100% equity interest in Yongxin Drugstore as a record owner of all of its outstanding share capital. PRC laws and regulations limit foreign ownership of in excess of 49% of the outstanding share capital of PRC entities that operate more than 30 drugstores in China that sell a variety of branded pharmaceutical products sourced from different suppliers. In May 2010, in an effort to comply with PRC regulatory requirements regarding foreign ownership of drugstores in the PRC, and in contemplation of future growth of our Company, we conducted a restructuring of Yongxin’s ownership and control of Yongxin Drugstore (the “Restructuring”) in which we changed the method by which we own Yongxin Drugstore. Specifically, we instituted a “variable interest entity” (“VIE”) structure under which Yongxin is a record holder of 49% of the outstanding share capital of Yongxin Drugstore, and Mr. Yongxin Liu (our CEO and Chairman of the Company’s Board of Directors) and Mr. Yongkui Liu (a Company Vice President and former Company director), each of whom are PRC citizens (collectively, the “PRC Holders”), serve as nominee record holders of the remaining 51% of the share capital of Yongxin Drugstore. In order to retain the Company’s rights and authority to control, operate and manage Yongxin Drugstore and to continue to receive all of the economic benefits of Yongxin Drugstore’s business operations, concurrent with the equity transfers, Yongxin and the PRC Holders also entered into an Entrustment Agreement dated May 17, 2010 (the “Entrustment Agreement”), which effectively grants Yongxin beneficial ownership of the interest attributable to the 51% interest, including but not limited to, the right to exclusively control, operate and manage Yongxin Drugstore, and all of the profits, income, distributions, dividends, compensation, payments, assets property, or other economic benefits from Yongxin Drugstore that the PRC Holders now hold or receive or otherwise become entitled to receive in the future by virtue of their 51% record ownership of Yongxin Drugstore’s share capital. As a result of the rights conferred to Yongxin under the Entrustment Agreement, the Company is considered the primary beneficiary of Yongxin Drugstore and Yongxin Drugstore is deemed our variable interest entity (“VIE”). Further, we consolidate 100% of Yongxin Drugstore’s results of operations, assets and liabilities in our financial statements. Chinese laws and regulations concerning the validity of the contractual arrangements such as the Entrustment Agreement are uncertain, as many of these laws and regulations are relatively new and may be subject to change. Official interpretation and enforcement by the Chinese government involves substantial uncertainty. Additionally, the Entrustment Agreement may not be as effective in providing control over Yongxin Drugstore as direct majority equity interest ownership under the current PRC laws and regulations. Due to such uncertainty, the Entrustment Agreement includes a further assurances provision that allows us to take any additional steps in the future permissible under the then-applicable law to ensure the Company’s complete control over, and the realization of the entirety of all rights and benefits of ownership of Yongxin Drugstore and its assets and business operations, including but not limited to direct ownership of selected assets. Industry China represents one of the world's largest pharmaceutical markets. With its population of over one billion people and fast-growing economy, our management believes that China presents significant potential for the pharmaceutical and retail drugstore industry. The rise in disposable income of many Chinese residents has resulted in greater demand and affordability of prescription and over-the-counter medicines and other personal care products. The increasing population of elderly people in China has resulted in a stronger demand for such medicines and other healthcare-related products, as elderly people tend to spend more money on medicine than younger people, on average. As living standards across China improve and the Chinese population continues to age, we expect the demand for healthcare-related products to continue to rise. The PRC government has also recently attempted to regulate the pharmaceutical industry by enacting a series of regulatory measures that are expected to favor non-hospital drugstores more than hospital pharmacies. 43 In China, consumers can purchase pharmaceutical and other related products at either hospital pharmacies or non-hospital drugstores, including independent drugstores and drugstore chains. Because hospital patients usually purchase prescription medicines at hospital pharmacies, sales by hospital pharmacies have traditionally accounted for a larger percentage of retail sales of prescription medicines than non-hospital drugstores. However, most Chinese people choose to purchase over-the-counter ("OTC"), non-prescription medicines from non-hospital, retail pharmacies. Retail pharmacies in China include pharmacy chains, individual stores, retail stores with OTC counters and other retailers and supermarkets with OTC counters. The Chinese government owns and operates most of the hospitals throughout China. The hospitals purchase their supplies of healthcare-related products from wholesalers and distributors. A hospital's decision to purchase certain products is typically based on a number of factors, and is sometimes affected, in part, by corrupt practices. Recently, the PRC government has stepped-up its effort to combat such anti-corruption practices, such as by amending its criminal code in 2006 to increase the penalties for corrupt business practices. We expect the increased enforcement of such anti-corruption practices will create growth opportunities for our company as we can compete for business from hospitals on fair and equal terms with other suppliers. The PRC Ministry of Health proposed regulations in March 2007 to require hospitals to permit prescriptions to be filled at non-hospital pharmacies, which we also expect will increase sales of prescription medications at retail drugstores. Additionally, reimbursements are available for certain pharmaceuticals obtained from authorized pharmacies, to participants in the PRC national medical insurance program. The provincial and municipal authorities responsible for the administration of the social medical insurance funds to cover such reimbursements have gradually increased funding in recent years. We expect the funding to increase significantly in the future, which should help boost our sales of products eligible for such reimbursements. Recent Developments In March 2009, the Chinese government announced certain changes to the national medical policy relating to the extension of medical benefits to rural areas in China (“National Medical Policy”) that will be gradually implemented throughout the nation between 2009 through 2011. These revisions to the National Medical Policy would extend medical insurance coverage to people who live in the rural areas of China, which includes approximately 40% of the Chinese population. Management believes the implementation of these revisions to the National Medical Policy would be highly beneficial to our sales and operations because the Company has a retail presence in rural areas and its wholesale distribution sales should also increase because it sells to retailers and hospitals in rural areas. However, throughout 2009, the implementation and direction of the National Medical Policy had been unclear. Due to this uncertainty, the Company decided to make changes to the operation of its business in the second half of 2009, including a shift in focus from the wholesale sector to the retail sector of its business. In 2010, the government accelerated implementation of its reforms, extending benefits to rural areas. As a result, the Company believes that its operations and sales are poised to benefit in 2010 due to anticipated increases in sales through the Company’s rural retail stores and increased wholesale distribution sales to drugstores and hospitals in rural areas. Since last year, we also added products with higher profit margins to our operations, including cosmetics and certain health and nutritional products such as vitamins and supplements. We believe that the addition of such products has increased our overall gross profit in 2009 and will continue to increase our gross profit margin over the next few years. Market Focus Our business operates in two segments: the wholesale distribution of pharmaceuticals and other health-related products and the operation of retail drugstores. Prior to November 2009, we operated another business known as Dingjian which cultivated and processed ginseng. However, we transferred our ownership of Dingjian with all of its assets and liabilities to an individual pursuant to an Equity Transfer Agreement dated November 21, 2009. The following table reflects the revenue contribution percentage from each of our business operations for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively: For the Years Ended December 31, 2009 2008 2007 Wholesale Operations 70.08 % 81.6 % 84 % Retail Drugstore Operations 29.2 % 18.4 % 16 % Ginseng Processing and Manufacturing Operations N/A * * Total Revenues 100 % 100 % 100 % * less than one percent. 44 Wholesale Operations Through Yongxin, we engage in the wholesale distribution of our Products to over 3,500 customers, which include hospitals, large clinics and retail pharmacies. Yongxin has received the State Food and Drug Administration approval and Good Supply Practices, or GSP, certification. We opened our logistics center in January 2005 which contains a storage area of over 43,000 square meters, where we have the ability to store our pharmaceutical inventory at various temperatures. The logistics center is able to process over 30,000 orders per day from our customers and from our retail outlets. Our wholesale business has relationships with over 760 pharmaceutical and original equipment manufacturers throughout China. Typically, we enter into master agreements with our suppliers at the beginning of each year, which provide the general terms, prices and conditions for transactions in the supplier's products over the year. We then enter into separate purchase agreements each time we actually purchase products from a supplier. When we purchase the products from our suppliers, we take title to the items and book them as inventory. We then distribute the products to our wholesale customers. Retail Operations We aim to provide our retail drugstore customers with convenient and professional pharmacy services. Each of our stores is staffed with a licensed pharmacist and a staff trained to provide pharmacy services to our customers. We sell our Products in our retail stores. Our stores typically carry over 8,000 different types of products. We frequently review and update the selection of products available in our stores in response to changing consumer needs and preferences. In July 2005, Yongxin signed an agreement with American Medicine Shoppe International ("AMS") to become AMS' exclusive agent for AMS in the Jilin Province and develop a drug store franchise system under license from AMS within the Jilin Province. We operate four drugstores pursuant to our relationship with AMS under the "Meixin Yongxin" name. Sales made to retail customers are made by cash, debit or credit cards, or by medical insurance cards under the PRC national medical insurance program. We obtain reimbursement from the relevant government social security bureaus, for sales made to eligible participants in the PRC national medical insurance program on a monthly basis. As of June 1, 2010, 29 of our drugstores were designated stores under the PRC national medical insurance program. As discussed more fully below under the sections titled “Insurance Catalogue” and “PRC National Medical Insurance Program,” reimbursements for sales in these designated stores under the PRC national medical insurance program are available for the pharmaceuticals sold which are listed in the national or provincial medical insurance catalogues. We currently procure the merchandise for our stores from over 1,500 suppliers, including both manufacturers and wholesalers. For the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, our largest five suppliers accounted for 6.91%, 8.5% and 8.2% of our total purchases, respectively. We believe that the products we carry in our stores are readily available from multiple sources and do not anticipate any difficulties in continuing to procure such products. Marketing and Sales We have a staff of approximately 150 dedicated to marketing and sales who design our adverting campaigns and regional promotional activities. We generate business by marketing directly to hospitals, retail drugstores and medical clinics in China. Additionally, we advertise our business and products to consumers through marketing activities and print advertisements in newspapers to promote our brand and the other products available for sale in our stores. In 2009 and 2008, we spent approximately $132,264 and $26,124, respectively, on advertising. Research and Development The only significant research and development we conducted was in the cultivation and processing of ginseng under Dingjian. The Company has not conducted any significant research and development since we disposed of our ownership interest in Dingjian in November 2009. 45 Quality Control We have stringent quality control systems to ensure quality control over the Products purchased from our suppliers. We have 195 company-trained staff members who are qualified to conduct quality control and at least 20 of our employees conduct quality control daily to make sure the Products meet our standards. The quality of the Products is of utmost importance to our Company. Each of our suppliers also has its own quality control program pursuant to the Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) guidelines promulgated by the World Health Organization. We conduct random quality control testing of the products procured from our suppliers in our wholesale and retail operations pursuant to the Good Supplying Practice (GSP) guidelines mandated by the State Food and Drugs Administration. We replace suppliers that do not meet our quality inspections. Additionally, we monitor the services provided in our drugstores by sending inspectors to our stores to observe the quality of services provided by our drugstore pharmacists and staff. Competition The pharmaceutical distribution, retail drugstore and herbal supplement manufacturing industries in China are fragmented and intensely competitive. While our primary competition currently comes from other retail drugstore chains and drugstores, our non-pharmaceutical products and services face increasing competition from discount and convenience stores and supermarkets. We compete for customers based on store location, selection of products and our brand name. Many of our competitors are more established than we are, and have significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do. Additionally, many of our competitors have greater name recognition and a larger customer base than us. These competitors may be able to respond more quickly to changing consumer preferences and new business opportunities than us. Moreover, competition is expected to increase due to the expected consolidation of the drugstore industry and new store openings by our competitors. Our major competitors include: China Nepstar Chain Drugstore Ltd., Shenzhen Accord Pharmacy Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Associate Pharmacy Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Pharmaceutical Company, Jianmin Chain Drugstore, Guangzhou Caizhilin Chain Drugstore, Liaoning Chengda Co., Ltd., Hangzhou Wulin Drugstore Co., Ltd. and Ningbo Siming Dayaofang Co., Ltd. Major Customers Our major customers include government owned and operated hospitals, large clinics and other retailers. No single customer accounted for 10% or more of the Company’s net sales during the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007. Our top five customers accounted for approximately 14.7%, 15% and 13.9% of our net sales generated for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. None of our directors, their associates or any significant shareholder of the Company has any interest in any of our five largest customers. Intellectual Property Prior to November 2009, we had four registered trademarks in China, which included Longlife, Zinuo, Yongxintang, Gaoliyuan, under our subsidiary Dingjian. However, since the discontinuation of Dingjian business operation in November 2009, we no longer own any intellectual property. Government Regulations As a business operating in the PRC, we are subject to various regulations and permit systems by the Chinese government. These regulations cover many of our products, including herbal products, over-the-counter medicines and prescription medications. Pharmaceutical Product Distribution Pharmaceuticals, which have certain identified medical functions and are designed to treat a specific illnesses or symptoms, can be available by prescription only or over-the-counter and require the approval of China's State Food and Drug Administration ("SFDA") before they can be sold. Among the Products we sell, our herbal products, also known as dietary supplements or nutritional supplements, are basically prophylactic or preventive in nature and are available over-the-counter. In China, sales of these products only require approval of the local government. We are subject to the Drug Administration Law of China, which governs the licensing, manufacturing, marketing and distribution of pharmaceutical products in China and sets penalties for violations of the law. Distributors of pharmaceutical products are required to obtain permits from the appropriate provincial or county level SFDA where the pharmaceutical distribution enterprise is located. The grant of such permits is subject to an inspection of a distributor's facilities, warehouses, hygienic environment, quality control systems, personnel and equipment. Pharmaceutical distribution permits have five year terms and distributors must apply for renewal no later than six months prior to the expiration date of the permit. We have a wholesale pharmaceutical distribution permit which expires in March 2015. Each of our retail locations also has a pharmaceutical distribution permit, which expire on various dates. We do not have a permit to manufacture pharmaceutical products. 46 Additionally, under the Supervision and Administration Rules on Pharmaceutical Product Distribution disseminated by the SFDA on January 31, 2007, and effective May 1, 2007, a pharmaceutical product distributor is accountable for its procurement and sales activities and is liable for the actions of its employees or agents in connection with their conduct of distribution on behalf of the distributor. Retail distributors may not sell prescription pharmaceutical products, or Tier A over-the-counter pharmaceutical products, listed in the national or provincial medical insurance catalogs without a prescription from a certified in-store pharmacist. Foreign Ownership of Wholesale or Retail Pharmaceutical Businesses in China Under current PRC law on foreign investment, foreign companies are allowed to establish or invest in wholly foreign-owned enterprises or joint ventures that engage in wholesale or retail sales of pharmaceuticals in China. These regulations limit the number and size of retail pharmacy outlets that a foreign investor may establish. If a foreign investor owns more than 30 outlets that sell a variety of branded pharmaceutical products sourced from different suppliers, the foreign investor's ownership interests in the outlets are limited to 49.0%. As described more fully under the section above titled “Corporate Structure and History” commencing on page 41, we own and control our retail drugstores mainly through Yongxin Drugstore, of which Yongxin owns 49% of the outstanding share capital, and thus we believe we are in compliance with these PRC regulations. Nutritional Supplements and Other Food Products Distributors of nutritional supplements and other food products must obtain a food hygiene certificate from the appropriate provincial or local health regulatory authorities pursuant to the PRC Food Hygiene Law and Rules on Food Hygiene Certification. In order to obtain a certificate, a distributor's facilities, warehouses, hygienic environment, quality control systems, personnel and equipment are subject to inspection. Food hygiene certificates are valid for four years, and must be renewed within six months prior to their expiration. The Chinese Food Sanitation Law promulgates food sanitation standards. In the PRC, only products manufactured at Government Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) certified facilities are available for sale in China. The China Food and Drug Administration conducts these GMP inspections. Good Supply Practice Standards We are required to operate in accordance with Good Supply Practice (GSP) standards that regulate wholesale and retail pharmaceutical product distributors. The GSP standards ensure the quality of distribution of pharmaceutical products in China. Pursuant to applicable GSP standards, we must implement strict controls on the distribution of our pharmaceutical products, including those concerning staff qualifications, distribution premises, warehouses, inspection equipment and facilities, management and quality control. Additionally, we are subject to inspections organized by the local drug regulatory department of the people's government of the province, autonomous region or municipality directly under the PRC central government. We received a GSP Certificate from the Jilin Province SFDA Bureau, which is valid until the end of 2013, and is subject to periodic renewal. Insurance Catalogue Pursuant to the Decision of the State Council on the Establishment of the State Basic Medical Insurance System for Urban Employees and the Implementation Measures for the Administration of the Scope of Medical Insurance Coverage for Pharmaceuticals for Urban Employees, the Ministry of Labor and Social Security in China has established a national Insurance Catalogue, in which the retail prices of certain pharmaceutical products are listed and subject to price controls in the form of fixed prices or price ceilings by the Chinese government. Manufacturers and distributors are not permitted to set or change the retail price for any price-controlled product above the applicable price ceiling or deviate from the applicable fixed price imposed by the PRC government. The prices of other pharmaceuticals that are not subject to price controls are determined by the pharmaceutical manufacturers, subject, in certain cases, to providing notice to the provincial pricing authorities. The Price Control Office of the NDRC, as well as provincial and regional price control authorities, set the retail prices of products that are subject to price controls. The wholesale price of the pharmaceutical products subject to the price controls are generally determined by the set retail price. The maximum prices of such pharmaceutical products are published by the state and provincial administration authorities from time to time. Only the pharmaceutical product manufacturer can apply for an increase in the retail price of the product. While all of our pharmaceutical products are subject to price controls, because our products are priced below the price control level, price controls currently do not affect our sales of these products. 47 The pharmaceuticals included in the Insurance Catalogue are selected by the Chinese government authorities based on various factors including treatment requirements, frequency of use, effectiveness and price. Medicines included in the Insurance Catalogue are subject to price control by the Chinese government. The Insurance Catalogue is revised every two years. In connection with each revision, the relevant provincial drug authority collects proposals from relevant enterprises before organizing a comprehensive appraisal. The SFDA then makes the final decision on any revisions based on the preliminary opinion suggested by the provincial drug administration. The Insurance Catalogue is divided into Parts A and B. The pharmaceuticals included in Part A are designated by the Chinese governmental authorities for general application. Local governmental authorities may not adjust the content of pharmaceuticals in Part A. Although the pharmaceuticals included in Part B are designated by Chinese governmental authorities in the first instance, provincial level authorities may make limited changes to the medicines included in Part B, resulting in some regional variations in the pharmaceuticals included in Part B from region to region. Patients purchasing medicines included in Part A are entitled to reimbursement of the costs of such medicines from the social medical fund in accordance with relevant regulations in China. Patients purchasing medicines included in Part B are required to pay a predetermined proportion of the costs of such medicines. For fiscal years 2008 and 2007, approximately 24% of all the medicines distributed by Yongxin were covered and reimbursable under the Insurance Catalogue issued by the Chinese governmental authorities. However, the Insurance Catalogue was revised in 2009 to include more categories and types of pharmaceuticals. As a result of these revisions, approximately 95.8% of all the pharmaceuticals distributed by Yongxin became listed in the Insurance Catalogue during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009, and management attributes part of the Company's increased revenues to these catalogue revisions. The revenues attributable to sales of products covered under the Insurance Catalogue during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, represented 61.7%, 35% and 35%, respectively, of our total revenues for those periods. PRC National Medical Insurance Program Eligible participants in the PRC national medical insurance program, mainly consisting of urban residents, can purchase pharmaceuticals in an authorized pharmacy by presenting their medical insurance cards if the pharmaceuticals purchased are included in the national or provincial medical insurance catalogues. Authorized pharmacies can generally either sell pharmaceuticals on credit and obtain reimbursement from relevant government social security bureaus on a monthly basis, or accept payments from the participants at the of the purchase, and the participants in turn obtain reimbursement from relevant government social security bureaus. Purchases of Tier A pharmaceutical products are generally fully reimbursable, except for certain Tier A pharmaceutical products that are only reimbursable to the extent the medicine is used the purposes stated in the insurance catalogs. Only a portion of purchases of Tier B pharmaceuticals are reimbursable; participants purchasing Tier B pharmaceutical products must make a certain co-payment which is not reimbursable. Participants have varying amounts in their individual accounts, which vary based on the contributions made by the participants and his or her employer. Different regions in China have different requirements regarding the caps of reimbursements in excess of the amounts in the individual accounts. Pharmaceutical Product Advertisement The Standards for Examination and Publication of Advertisements of Pharmaceutical Products and Rules for Examination of Advertisement of Pharmaceutical Products, promulgated by the PRC State Administration of Industry and Commerce and the SFDA, prevents the deceptive and misleading advertising of pharmaceutical products. These regulations prohibit the advertisement of certain pharmaceutical products and mandate that prescription pharmaceuticals only be advertised in certain authorized medical magazines upon obtaining proper approval from the provincial level food and drug administration. Environmental Regulations The major environmental regulations applicable to us include the PRC Environmental Protection Law, the PRC Law on the Prevention and Control of Water Pollution and its Implementation Rules, the PRC Law on the Prevention and Control of Air Pollution and its Implementation Rules, the PRC Law on the Prevention and Control of Solid Waste Pollution, and the PRC Law on the Prevention and Control of Noise Pollution. We have not been named as a defendant in any legal proceedings alleging violation of environmental laws and have no reasonable basis to believe that there is any threatened claim, action or legal proceedings against us that would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations due to any non-compliance with environmental laws. To the knowledge of our management, we have been in full compliance with environmental protection regulations during at least the past three years. 48 Intellectual Property PRC law provides that anyone wishing to exploit the patent of another must conclude a written licensing contract with the patent holder and pay the patent holder a fee. One rather broad exception to this, however, is that, where a party possesses the means to exploit a patent but cannot obtain a license from the patent holder on reasonable terms and in reasonable period of time, the PRC State Intellectual Property Office, or SIPO, is authorized to grant a compulsory license. A compulsory license can also be granted where a national emergency or any extraordinary state of affairs occurs or where the public interest so requires. SIPO, however, has not granted any compulsory license up to now. The patent holder may appeal such decision within three months from receiving notification by filing a suit in a people's court. Tax Pursuant to the Provisional Regulation of China on Value Added Tax ("VAT") and their implementing rules, all entities and individuals that are engaged in the sale of goods, the provision of repairs and replacement services and the importation of goods in China are generally required to pay VAT at a rate of 17.0% of the gross sales proceeds received, less any deductible VAT already paid or borne by the taxpayer. Further, when exporting goods, the exporter is entitled to a portion of or all the refund of VAT that it has already paid or borne. Foreign Currency Exchange Under the PRC foreign currency exchange regulations applicable to us, the Renminbi is convertible for current account items, including the distribution of dividends, interest payments, trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions. Conversion of Renminbi for capital account items, such as direct investment, loan, security investment and repatriation of investment, however, is still subject to the approval of the PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE. Foreign-invested enterprises may only buy, sell and/or remit foreign currencies at those banks authorized to conduct foreign exchange business after providing valid commercial documents and, in the case of capital account item transactions, obtaining approval from the SAFE. Capital investments by foreign-invested enterprises outside of China are also subject to limitations, which include approvals by the Ministry of Commerce, the SAFE and the State Reform and Development Commission. Dividend Distributions Under applicable PRC regulations, foreign-invested enterprises in China may pay dividends only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. In addition, a foreign-invested enterprise in China are required to set aside at least 10.0% of their after-tax profit based on PRC accounting standards each year to its general reserves until the accumulative amount of such reserves reach 50.0% of its registered capital. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends. Employees Substantially all of our employees are located in China. As of June 1, 2010, we had approximately 673 full time employees, with 143 employees with pharmaceutical education and/or training, and 17 licensed pharmacists working at our retail drugstores. There are no collective bargaining contracts covering any of our employees. We believe our relationship with our employees is satisfactory. Yongxin is required to contribute a portion of its employees' total salaries to the Chinese government's social insurance funds, including medical insurance, unemployment insurance and job injuries insurance, and a housing assistance fund, in accordance with relevant regulations. In the last three years, Yongxin contributed approximately $174,006, $174,567 and $61,918 for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. We expect the amount of Yongxin's contribution to the government's social insurance funds to increase in the future as Yongxin expands its workforce and operations. Offices and Website Our principal executive offices are located at 927 Canada Court, City of Industry, California 91748. Our main telephone number is (626) 581-9098, and our fax number is (626) 581-9038. We also have offices in Changchun, Jilin Province, China. We also have an informational website located at www.yongxinchina.com. The information on this website is not incorporated herein by reference. 49 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Although China Yongxin is a party in the litigation matters described below, all of these legal proceedings relate to the Company’s predecessor company, Digital Learning Management Corporation and its activities prior to the Reverse Acquisition Transaction, and they are not related to China Yongxin’s current business: On or about October 17, 2008, in the legal proceeding titled Craig Nagasugi v. Digital Learning Management Corporation, et al ., a former officer initiated an action in Los Angeles Superior Court, Central District, against Digital Learning Management Corporation alleging claims for damages related to an alleged employment agreement. On December 29, 2008, the Company filed an Answer to the Complaint. The matter went to trial on or about November 2, 2009 and concluded as of November 9, 2009. The case resulted in a judgment against the Company for $641,018. The court entered a revised judgment in the amount of $746,487.37 against the Company on April 20, 2010 to reflect attorney fees. So far, the judgment has not been paid. Under Allaudin Jinnah v. China Yongxin Pharmaceuticals, Inc., filed in Los Angeles Superior Court, Central District, on or about June 27, 2008, the Company defended itself against claims for open account and intentional misrepresentation. The Plaintiff sought past due attorneys’ fees for services rendered in the amount of $193,100. The Plaintiff also sought 67,000 shares (pre-Reverse Split) of the Company’s common stock. The Plaintiff filed a motion to enforce the Company’s settlement to receive up to a $50,000 judgment and 200,000 to 400,000 shares (pre-Reverse Split) of the Company’s common stock. At the hearing to enforce the settlement, the court entered judgment against the Company for $50,000 plus 200,000 shares (pre-Reverse Split) of the Company’s common stock. The court ordered the Company to issue an additional 200,000 shares (pre-Reverse Split) of the Company’s common stock as collateral for the $50,000. The said judgment was paid and satisfied in full by the Company in February 2010. The Company was also involved in a legal proceeding named Wells Fargo Bank. N.A.. v. Software Education for America Inc. filed in Orange County Superior Court on or about November 9, 2004. In this action, the Cross-Complainant, Terry Koosed, sought to amend a $219,000 judgment he obtained to include a subsidiary of the predecessor-in-interest of the Company, which was not named or a participant in such lawsuit. On May 8, 2009, the Orange County Superior Court rendered a decision to enter a judgment of $219,000 against the Company. This judgment was satisfied in full by the Company in February 2010. Under Adnan Mann v. China Yongxin Pharmaceuticals, Inc. , on or about March 10, 2009, a former employee filed claims for unpaid wages and penalties under the California Labor Code and applicable Industrial Wage Orders. On July 10, 2009, the Company filed an Answer to the Complaint denying liability. The Company and the former employee entered into a stipulation on May 10, 2010 in the amount of $241,733.28. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY Our corporate headquarters are located in the City of Industry, California in the United States at 927 Canada Court, City of Industry, CA 91748. We also lease office space in the in the Jilin Province under a lease that expires on June 30, 2020. We currently operate one national distribution center located in Changchun that provides us with 43,000 square meters of storage space. We lease our distribution center under a long-term lease agreement that expires in 2020 and do not anticipate any material difficulties in renewing our lease upon its expiration. Currently, all of our retail drugstores are located in the PRC. We lease substantially all of our store locations from various third-parties under a total of 82 leases with terms ranging from month-to-month to 5 years, which are renewed upon expiration. The total combined space for our retail stores consisted of 9,834 square meters. We must negotiate with the landlords to extend our leases or enter into new leases upon their expiration, at which time the landlords may request a rent increase. Under applicable PRC law, we have priority over other potential lessees with respect to the leased store space on the same terms. Our retail stores are relatively small in size and are generally easily movable to new locations. We do not expect our drugstore operations to be adversely affected by any non-renewal of our leases. MANAGEMENT Current Management The following table identifies our current executive officers and directors, their respective offices and positions, and their respective dates of election or appointment: 50 Name Age Position Effective Date of Appointment Yongxin Liu 41 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer November 16, 2007 Harry Zhang 46 Chief Financial Officer and Director December 4, 2009 (CFO); November 8, 2009 (Director) Ning Liu 47 President, Chief Operating Officer and Director November 16, 2007 Hal Lieberman 60 Director March 3, 2010 Laura Philips 52 Director March 3, 2010 Jingang Wang 41 Director March 3, 2010 Bing Li 43 Director March 3, 2010 Each director will hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor has been elected and qualified. Business Experience The following is a summary of the educational background and business experience during the past five years of each of the Company’s directors and executive officers. The following information includes the person’s principal occupation during the period, and the name and principal business of the organization by which he or she was employed. Yongxin Liu is our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the board, and has been the Chairman of Changchun Yongxin Dirui Medical Co., Ltd. (“Yongxin”) since 2003 and Jilin Province Yongxin Chain Drugstore Co., Ltd. (“Yongxin Drugstore”) since 2001. From August 1998 to 2003, Mr. Liu served as the General Manager of Yongxin Drugstore. From 1984 to June 2006, Mr. Liu was employed by Changchun Medical Materials Marketing Co., Ltd. (“Changchun Medical”), serving as the Assistant Manager of Business and Vice-manager. From July 1991 to July 1994, Mr. Liu studied at Northeast Normal University, majoring in Management. In August 2004, he received an MBA from Beijing University. Ning Liu is our President, Chief Operating Officer, and a director on our board of directors. Mr. Liu also has been the president of Succeed Group Inc., a media company, since 2003. Prior to his service at Succeed Group, Inc., Mr. Liu was the president of Super Nu-Life Products Inc., a nutraceuticals manufacturer from 1994 to 2003. From 1992 to 1994, Mr. Liu was the president of Goldenrise Development Inc. Additionally, from 1986 to 2002, Mr. Liu served as president of Accords System Inc. Mr. Liu is active in founding, organizing and managing a number of foreign investment projects to China, and he counsels China companies in doing business in the United States, and in mergers with public companies in the United States. Mr. Liu graduated from Beijing University with a Masters of Arts degree in 1985. Harry Zhang is our Chief Financial Officer and member of our Board of Directors, however in addition Mr. Zhang serves as the chief financial officer and vice president of Surplus Elegant Investment Ltd. From March 2004 to August 2006, Mr. Zhang served as the Chief Financial Officer of AXM Pharma, Inc. Mr. Zhang worked as an auditor at Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu from May 1995 to March 2004. Mr. Zhang worked at the Beijing Municipal Audit Bureau from 1988 to 1995. Mr. Zhang earned his Bachelor’s degree from Nanjing Agricultural University in 1988 and received his Master of Business Administration degree from University of Northern Virginia in June 2007. Mr. Zhang is also a certified public accountant in China. Hal Lieberman is a director on our board, and also serves as the president and chief executive officer of HemoTherapeutics, Inc., and has held such position from 2006 to the present. From 1998 to 2006, Mr. Lieberman acted as a consultant, provided interim management and served on the boards of a variety of health care and medical device companies. From 1988 to 1998, Mr. Lieberman served as the president and chief executive officer of HemaCare Corporation. Mr. Lieberman acted as the vice president for MEDIQ Imaging Services from 1981 to 1988. Mr. Lieberman earned his Master’s degree in Health Care Administration from George Washington University. Mr. Lieberman is also a member of American College of Health Care Administrators, The Entrepreneurship Institute, Southern California Biomedical Council and served as an advisor to U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA). Laura Philips is a director on our board, and also serves on the Boards of Directors of Delcath Systems, Inc, Wellgen Inc., and the Boyce Thompson Institute. From 2003 to 2006, she was Chief Operating Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer of NexGenix Pharmaceuticals. Prior to that, she was Vice President, Program Management for the AMDeC Foundation. Dr. Philips worked at Corning Incorporated from 1997 to 2002, where she held several positions including Program Director of the Fuel Cells Division. From 1994 to 1996 Dr. Philips held various government positions in Washington, D.C., most recently in a Presidential appointment as Senior Policy Advisor to Secretary of Commerce Ronald Brown. Dr. Philips was on the faculty of Cornell University in the Department of Chemistry from 1987 to 1994 and was an NIH Post-Doctoral Fellow at the University of Chicago. She received a B.A. in Chemistry from Williams College, a Ph.D. in Physical Chemistry from the University of California Berkeley and an MBA with Distinction from Cornell University’s Johnson School of Management. 51 Jingang Wang is a director on our board, and also serves as the executive director for CoSci Med-Tech Co., Ltd., and has held such position since May 2003 to the present. From June 2002 to May 2003, Mr. Wang worked as the executive director in Beijing Lingtainbicheng Medicine Technology Co., Ltd. Mr. Wang served as the deputy general manager and assistant general manager of Mudanjiang Lingtai Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd from October 1998 to June 2002. Mr. Wang acted as the deputy chief in Mudanjiang’s Food and Drugs Administration from August 1990 to October 1998. Mr. Wang was an assistant engineer in Mudanjiang No. 3 Pharmaceutical Factory from September 1998 to August 1990. Mr. Wang received his Bachelor’s degree in Medical Research and Development from Heilongjian Chinese Medical University in 1998. Bing Li is a director on our board, and also serves as the general manager of Jilin Province Fire Fighting Engineering Co., Ltd., the general manager of Jilin Province Yinjian Small & Medium Enterprises Credit Guaranty Co., Ltd., the vice-chairman of the board of directors of Changchun JLU Technology Park Construction and Development Co., Ltd, the deputy managing director of Jilin Province Intelligentization Committee, and the general manager of Beijing Kunshanjinhai Film & TV Cultural Investment Co., Ltd, and has held such positions from 1999 to the present. From March 1990 to June 1990, Mr. Li served as the manager of Export Department of Jilin Provincial Forestry Import & Export Company. Prior to March 1990, Mr. Li worked on various foreign affairs for Jilin Provincial Forestry Department. Mr. Li received his Bachelor’s degree in English from Changchun University in 1988. Family Relationships and Interlocking Executive and Director Positions Yongxin Liu and Yongkui Liu are brothers. Additionally, Yongkui Liu, one of our Vice Presidents, is the spouse of Yongmei Wang, who is also one of our Vice Presidents. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings During the past ten years none of our current directors or executive officers was involved in any legal proceedings described in subparagraph (f) of Item 401 of Regulations S-K. Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires the Company's directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than 10% of the Company's Common Stock, to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of beneficial ownership and reports of changes in beneficial ownership of Common Stock of the Company. Officers, directors and greater than 10% shareholders are required by the Securities and Exchange Commission to furnish the Company with copies of all section 16(a) reports they file. Based solely on our review of the Section 16 filings furnished to us, Yongkui Liu and Yongxin Liu filed delinquent Form 4 reports on January 5, 2010 for transactions that occurred on December 16, 2009, Yongxin Liu, Yongkui Liu, Misala Holdings Inc., Boom Day Investments Ltd. and Yongmei Wang filed delinquent Form 3 reports on March 12, 2010 for transactions that occurred on November 16, 2007, and Ning Liu filed a delinquent Form 3 report on March 11, 2010 for a transaction that occurred on November 16, 2007. Code of Ethics We adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. A copy of our Code of Conduct may be obtained by written request to the Company at its principal place of business at 927 Canada Court, City of Industry, California 91748. Director Independence Based upon information submitted to the board by Mr. Hal Lieberman, Dr. Laura Philips, Mr. Jingang Wang and Mr. Bing Li, the board of Directors has determined that each of these individuals are “independent” under the listing standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market. None of the four appointees has participated in the preparation of the Company’s financial statements or any current subsidiary at any time during the past three years and each of them are able to read and understand fundamental financial statements. Audit Committee The board of directors adopted and approved a charter for the Audit Committee on March 3, 2010. Currently, three directors comprise the Audit Committee: Hal Lieberman, Jingang Wang and Laura Philips. Mr. Lieberman serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee. The members of the Audit Committee are currently “independent directors” as that term is defined under the listing standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market. Mr. Lieberman also qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert” as defined by the rules of the SEC. Mr. Hal Lieberman has the requisite attributes of an “audit committee financial expert” as defined by regulations promulgated by the SEC and that such attributes were acquired through relevant education and experience. 52 Our Audit Committee is responsible, in accordance with the Audit Committee charter, recommending our independent auditors, and overseeing our audit activities and certain financial matters to protect against improper and unsound practices and to furnish adequate protection to all assets and records. Our Audit Committee pre-approves all audit and non-audit services provided by our independent auditors. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one year and any pre-approval is detailed as to particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific budget. The Audit Committee has delegated pre-approval authority to its Chairman when expedition of services is necessary. The independent auditors and management are required to periodically report to the full Audit Committee regarding the extent of services provided by the independent auditor in accordance with this pre-approval, and the fees for the services performed to date. Compensation Committee The board of directors adopted and approved a charter for the Compensation Committee on March 3, 2010. The Compensation Committee currently consists of Jingang Wang, Bing Li and Laura Philips. Mr. Wang serves as Chairman of the Compensation Committee. The members of the Compensation Committee are currently “independent directors” under the listing standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market. In accordance with the Compensation Committee’s charter, the Compensation Committee is responsible for overseeing and, and as appropriate, making recommendations to the board regarding the annual salaries and other compensation of the Company’s executive officers and general employees and other polices, providing assistance and recommendations with respect to the compensation policies and practices of the Company. Nominating Committee The board of directors adopted and approved a charter for the Nominating Committee on March 3, 2010. The Nominating Committee currently consists of Bing Li, Jingang Wang and Hal Lieberman. Mr. Li serves as the Chairman of the Nominating Committee. The members of the Nominating Committee are currently “independent directors” under the listing standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market. In accordance with the Nominating Committee’s charter, the Nominating Committee is responsible for proposing to the board a slate of nominees for election by the stockholders at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to periodically review and develop criteria for selection of new directors and nominees for vacancies on the board, to review the desired experience and qualities to assure appropriate board composition, and to recommend to the board qualified director candidates. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Summary Compensation Table The following table sets forth information concerning the compensation for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 of the principal executive officer, principal financial officer, in addition to our two most highly compensated officers whose annual compensation exceeded $100,000, if any, and up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been required but for the fact that the individual was not serving as an executive officer of the registrant at the end of the last fiscal year. Name and Position Year Salary Bonus Total Yongxin Liu, 2009 $ 87,976 $ 0 $ 87,976 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board (1) 2008 $ 82,392 $ 5,633 $ 88,025 Yongkui Liu, 2009 $ 70,381 $ 0 $ 70,381 Former Chief Financial Officer and Director (2) 2008 $ 64,787 $ 5,633 $ 70,420 Harry Zhang 2009 $ — $ — $ — Chief Financial Officer and Director (3) 2008 $ — $ — $ — 53 (1) Mr. Yongxin Liu was appointed as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board in connection with the Reverse Acquisition Transaction which closed on November 16, 2007. Mr. Yongxin Liu’s compensation as reported is based on interbank exchange rate of RMB 6.84 to US$1.00 on December 31, 2009. (2) Mr. Yongkui Liu resigned as our Chief Financial Officer effective December 4. 2009 and he resigned as a director effective March 3, 2010. Mr. Yongkui Liu’s compensation as reported is based on interbank exchange rate of RMB 6.84 to US$1.00 on December 31, 2009. (3) Mr. Harry Zhang was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer effective December 4, 2009. Outstanding Equity Awards at 2009 Fiscal Year End We had no outstanding equity awards as of December 31, 2009. Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal 2009 We had no option exercises or stock vested during the year ended December 31, 2009. Pension Benefits We had no pension benefit plans in effect as of December 31, 2009. Nonqualified defined contribution and other nonqualified deferred compensation plans We had no nonqualified defined contribution or other nonqualified deferred compensation plans in effect as of December 31, 2009. Employment Agreements We had no employment agreements with any of our executive officers as of December 31, 2009. Director Compensation For the year ended December 31, 2009, none of the members of our Board of Directors received compensation for his or her service as a director. Effective March 3, 2010, Hal Lieberman, Laura Philips, Jingang Wang and Bing Li have each executed and delivered a director offer letter evidencing their agreements with the Company regarding their director compensation. Under the agreements, Ms. Philips, Mr. Wang and Mr. Li shall be entitled to annual compensation of $20,000 and are eligible to receive either restricted stock or a stock option award for the purchase of up to 200,000 shares (pre reverse split, and subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of reverse stock splits or similar events) of the Company's common stock through the Company’s incentive stock option plan. Mr. Hal Lieberman, who will not only serve as a director, but also as Audit Committee Chairman, is entitled to annual compensation of $30,000 and is eligible to receive a stock option award for the purchase of up to 200,000 shares (pre-Reverse Split) of the Company's common stock. 54 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of June 1, 2010 for each of our directors and officers; all directors and officers as a group; and each person known by us to beneficially own five percent or more of our common stock. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with SEC rules. Unless otherwise indicated in the table, the persons and entities named in the table have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to the shares set forth opposite the shareholder’s name. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each stockholder listed in the table is c/o China Yongxin Pharmaceuticals Inc., 927 Canada Court, City of Industry, CA 91748. 55 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Title Number of Shares Beneficially Owned Percent of Class * Directors and Executive Officers Yongxin Liu Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 1,050,001 (1) 19.8 % Ning Liu (2) President, Chief Operating Officer and Director — — Harry Zhang Chief Financial Officer — — Hal Lieberman Director — — Laura Philips Director 8,334 (3) ** Jingang Wang Director — — Bing Li Director — — Officers and Directors as a Group (total of 7 persons) 1,058,334 20 % 5% Holders Accord Success Ltd., BVI 275,001 (4) 5.2 % Boom Day Investments, Ltd., BVI 1,116,668 (5) 21.1 % Yongkui Liu 1,216,668 (6) 23 % Yongmei Wang 1,216,668 (6) 23 % Master Power Holdings Coup Ltd., BVI 350,001 (7) 6.6 % Misala Holdings Inc., BVI 1,050,001 (1) 19.8 % * Applicable percentage ownership is based on 5,295,047 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of June 1, 2010. ** Less than 1%. (1) These shares are held directly by Misala Holdings Inc., a British Virgin Islands corporation (“Misala Holdings”). Yongxin Liu is a director of Misala Holdings, and in such capacity, Yongxin Liu may be deemed to have voting and investment control over the shares held directly by Misala Holdings. Yongxin Liu is also a beneficiary of Misala Holdings. Pursuant to a certain Call Option Agreement dated May 17, 2010 (“Call Option Agreement”), Yongxin Liu has the right to acquire 100% of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Misala Holdings from a shareholder who owns the shares of capital stock of Misala Holdings, subject to a vesting period of three years. 1,000,000 of the 1,050,001 shares of common stock shown above resulted from the conversion of 2,000,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, upon the Company meeting certain required net income amounts for conversion for the fiscal years ending 2007 and 2008. Misala Holdings also holds an additional 1,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, each share of which is convertible into a one half (1/2) of a share of common stock upon certain conditions being met pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation. (2) Mr. Ning Liu’s address is 22128 Steeplechase Lane, Diamond Bar, CA 91765. (3) Ms. Laura Philip’s address is 330 E. 38 th Street, Apt 48J, New York, NY 10016. (4) Mr. Tao Wang has voting and investment control over the shares owned by this entity. (5) These shares are held directly by Boom Day Investments Ltd., a British Virgin Islands corporation (“Boom Day Investments”). Yongkui Liu is a director of Boom Day Investments, and in such capacity, Yongkui Liu may be deemed to have voting and investment control over the shares held directly by Boom Day Investments. Yongkui Liu is also a beneficiary of Boom Day Investments. Pursuant to a certain Call Option Agreement dated May 17, 2010 (“Call Option Agreement”), Yongkui Liu has the right to acquire 100% of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Boom Day Investments from a shareholder who owns the shares of capital stock of Boom Day Investments, subject to a vesting period of three years. Includes 450,000 shares of common stock held by Boom Day Investments, and approximately 666,667 (post 1-for 12 reverse split) shares of common stock converted from 1,333,333 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, which were each convertible into 6 shares of common stock, upon the Company meeting certain required net income amounts for conversion for the fiscal years ending 2007 and 2008, held by Boom Day Investments. Boom Day Investments also holds an additional 666,667 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, each share of which is convertible into one half (1/2) of share of common stock upon certain conditions being met pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation. (6) Includes 1,116,667 shares held directly by Boom Day Investments, over which Mr. Yongkui Liu, a director and beneficiary of Boom Day Investments, may be deemed to have voting and investment control. Also includes 100,000 shares of common stock held by Perfect Sum Investment Ltd., a British Virgin Islands corporation (“Perfect Sum”). Ms. Yongmei Wang is the director of Perfect Sum, and in such capacity, Yongmei Wang may be deemed to have voting and investment control over the shares held directly by Perfect Sum. Ms. Wang is the spouse of Mr. Yongkui Liu. (7) Mr. Yong Liu has voting and investment control over the shares owned by this entity. 56 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Transactions with Related Persons Changchun Yongxin Dirui Medical Co., Ltd. Changchun Yongxin Dirui Medical Co., Ltd. (“ Yongxin”) and all of the shareholders of Yongxin entered into an amended acquisition agreement with the Company on June 15, 2007. On November 16, 2007, Yongxin and the Company closed on the reverse acquisition under the agreement. In accordance with the agreement, the Company issued newly issued common stock and 5,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to the Yongxin shareholders or their designees, representing, immediately following closing, 70% of the total issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, and acquired 80% of the shares of Yongxin. Yongxin is our 80%-owned subsidiary and has interlocking executive and director positions with us. Mr. Yongxin Liu, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, is also the President of Yongxin. Mr. Yongkui Liu, the Vice President of the Company, is also the Vice President of Yongxin. Loans from Related Persons As of December 31, 2009, the Company received unsecured loans from former Company officers including Mr. Aurangzeb Bhatti, of an aggregate US$184,662, which were interest free and due on demand. Mr. Bhatti is the former Chief Executive Officer of our predecessor company, Digital Learning Management Corporation. As of the date of this prospectus, there was no balance due to the sale of our e-learning business, through which we were able to transfer the liabilities associated with the e-learning business to the buyer, including the loans from these former Company officers. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES The following information describes our capital stock and provisions of our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws, all as in currently in effect. This description is only a summary. The reader should also refer to the full text of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws that have been provided as exhibits. General Our authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and 1,666,667 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share, of which 1,666,667 is designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share. Common Stock Holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including the election of directors. Generally, all matters to be voted on by stockholders must be approved by a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by all shares of our common stock that are present in person or represented by proxy. Holders of record of a majority in voting interest of the shares of stock of the Company entitled to be voted, present in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of stockholders of the Corporation or any adjournment of a meeting. Our certificate of incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors. Subject to the preferences applicable to our preferred stock outstanding at any time, the holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive such dividends, payable in cash or otherwise, as may be declared by the Board of Directors from time to time out of assets or funds of the Corporation legally available for such dividends. Holders of our common stock have no pre-emptive rights and no conversion rights, and there are no redemption provisions applicable to our common stock. Series A Convertible Preferred Stock The following is a summary of the material rights, preferences and limitations of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock as set forth in the Company’s amended and restated Certificate of Incorporation: 57 The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible at any time, into up to 833,334 shares of common stock (subject to stock splits, stock dividends, combinations and similar events). In particular, the holder of any share of shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shall have the right, at its option, (i) at any time to convert, each share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock into 0.5 fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock. The conversion formula was conditioned on the Corporation earning no less than $5 million dollars of net income in the fiscal year ending December 31, 2009, which condition the Company met based on its audited net income for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 of $5,124,989. Each share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock entitles the holder to twenty five (25) votes on all matters to be voted on by the stockholders. No dividends will be paid or declared and set apart for any other class or series of stock during any fiscal year of the Corporation (other than a dividend payable solely in Common Stock) until all dividends declared with respect to the Company’s Preferred Stock have been paid or declared and set apart for payment during the fiscal year. Thereafter, in the event of the declaration, payment or setting apart for payment of any dividends on the Common Stock of the Company, the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive an equivalent dividend pro rata (on an as converted basis) with the holders of Common Stock. UNDERWRITING AND PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION Subject to the terms and conditions of an underwriting agreement, dated , 2010, we have agreed to sell to the underwriter Rodman & Renshaw, LLC, and the underwriter has agreed to purchase, on a firm commitment basis the number of shares offered in this offering set forth below, at the public offering price, less the underwriting discount set forth on the cover page of this prospectus. Name Number of Shares Rodman & Renshaw, LLC [ ] Nature of Underwriting Commitment The underwriting agreement provides that the underwriter is committed to purchase all shares offered in this offering, other than those covered by the over-allotment option described below, if the underwriter purchases any of these securities. The underwriting agreement provides that the obligations of the underwriters to purchase the shares offered hereby are conditional and may be terminated at their discretion based on their assessment of the state of the financial markets. The obligations of the underwriters may also be terminated upon the occurrence of other events specified in the underwriting agreement. Furthermore, pursuant to the underwriting agreement, the underwriter’s obligations are subject to the authorization and the validity of the shares being accepted for listing on The NASDAQ Capital Market and to various other customary conditions, representations and warranties contained in the underwriting agreement, such as receipt by the underwriters of officers’ certificates and legal opinions of our counsel. Other than as underwriter in this offering, neither Rodman & Renshaw LLC nor any of their affiliates have provided services to us or our affiliates in the past. State Blue Sky Information We intend to offer and sell the shares offered hereby to retail customers and institutional investors in all 50 states. However, we will not make any offer of these securities in any jurisdiction where an offer is not permitted. Pricing of Securities The underwriters have advised us that they propose to offer the shares directly to the public at the public offering price set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, and to certain dealers that are members of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), at such price less a concession not in excess of $____ per share. The underwriters may allow, and the selected dealers may reallow, a concession not in excess of [____] per share to certain brokers and dealers. After this offering, the offering price and concessions and discounts to brokers and dealers and other selling terms may from time to time be changed by the underwriters. These prices should not be considered an indication of the actual value of our shares and are subject to change as a result of market conditions and other factors. No variation in those terms will change the amount of proceeds to be received by us as set forth on the cover page of this prospectus. Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol “CYXND” and it will revert back to “CYXN” on June 24, 2010. On June 1, 2010, the closing market price of our common stock as quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board was $5.75. The public offering price for the shares was determined by negotiation between us and the underwriters. The principal factors considered in determining the public offering price of the shares included: · the information in this prospectus and otherwise available to the underwriters; 58 · the history and the prospects for the industry in which we will compete; · the valuation of our Company based on, among other factors, the offering prices of our recent private offerings; · our current financial condition and the prospects for our future cash flows and earnings; · the general condition of the economy and the securities markets at the time of this offering; · the recent market prices of, and the demand for, publicly-traded securities of generally comparable companies; and · the public demand for our securities in this offering. We cannot be sure that the public offering price will correspond to the price at which our shares will trade in the public market following this offering or that an active trading market for our shares will develop and continue after this offering. Commissions and Discounts The following table summarizes the compensation to be paid to our underwriter by us and the proceeds, before expenses, payable to us, assuming a $________ offering price. The information assumes either no exercise or full exercise by the underwriters of the over-allotment option. Total Per Share Without Over-Allotment With Over-Allotment Public offering price $ $ $ Underwriting discount (1) $ $ $ Non-accountable expense allowance (2) $ $ $ Proceeds, before expenses, to us (3) $ $ $ (1) Underwriting discount is $________ per share. (2) The expense allowance of 1% is not payable with respect to the shares sold upon exercise of the underwriter’s over-allotment option. (3) We estimate that the total expenses of this offering, excluding the underwriter’s discount and expense allowance, are approximately $________. Over-allotment Option We have granted the underwriters an option, exercisable for 45 days after the closing date of this offering, to purchase up to 15% of the shares of common stock sold in the offering ([___] additional shares) solely to cover over-allotments, if any, at the same price as the initial shares offered. Lock-ups Certain large insider shareholders such as certain management and affiliates of the Company (“Holders”) are currently subject to lockup agreements pursuant to the Company’s private placement of its equity securities with certain accredited investors pursuant to subscription agreements that closed on January 25, 2010, March 4, 2010 and May 3, 2010 for a total consideration of $1,075,000. These Holders have agreed to refrain from selling any securities of the Company from the date of the subscription agreements and for long as any amount is outstanding on the notes issued pursuant to the terms of such private placement. Also, any subsequent issuance to and/or acquisition by the Holders of common stock, options or instruments convertible to common stock will be subject to the same lock-up restriction. 59 In addition, all of our officers and directors have agreed that, for a period of six (6) months from the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, they will not sell, contract to sell, grant any option for the sale or otherwise dispose of any of our equity securities, or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for our equity securities, except securities acquired after the closing of this offering, without the consent of the representative except for exercise or conversion of currently outstanding warrants, options and convertible debentures, as applicable; and exercise of options under an acceptable stock incentive plan. It is expressly agreed that the holder is expressly precluded from engaging in any hedging or other transaction with respect to their securities during the lock-up period which is designed to or which reasonably could be expected to lead to or result in a sale or disposition of their securities, even if such securities would be disposed of by someone other than the holder. Such prohibited hedging or other transactions would include without limitation any short sale or any purchase, sale or grant of any put or call option or other right. The underwriter representative may consent to an early release from the lock-up periods if, in its opinion, the market for the common stock would not be adversely impacted by sales and in cases of a financial emergency of an officer, director or other stockholder. We are unaware of any officer or director who intends to ask for consent to dispose of any of our equity securities during the relevant lock-up periods. Underwriter’s Warrant We have agreed to issue to Rodman & Renshaw, LLC a warrant to purchase up to a total of [________] shares of common stock (5% of the shares of common stock included in the units sold). This warrant is exercisable at $[___] per share (125% of the price of the units sold in this offering), commencing on a date which is one year from the effective date of the registration statement and expiring (5) five years from the effective date of the registration statement. The warrant and the [________] shares of common stock underlying the warrant have been deemed compensation by the FINRA and are therefore subject to a 180-day lock-up pursuant to Rule 5110(g)(1) of the FINRA. Rodman & Renshaw, LLC (or permitted assignees under the Rule) will not sell, transfer, assign, pledge, or hypothecate this warrant or the securities underlying this option, nor will it engage in any hedging, short sale, derivative, put, or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of this warrant or the underlying securities for a period of 180 days from the date of this prospectus. Additionally, the warrant may not be sold transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a one-year period (including the foregoing 180 day period) following the effective date of the registration statement except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in this offering and their bona fide officers or partners. The warrant grants holder a one time demand registration right, as well as “piggy back” registration rights. These rights apply to all of the securities directly and indirectly issuable upon exercise of the warrant. We will bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the securities issuable on exercise of the warrant, other than underwriting commissions incurred and payable by the holders. The exercise price and number of shares issuable upon exercise of the warrant may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary cash dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrant exercise price or underlying shares will not be adjusted for issuances of common stock at a price below the warrant exercise price. This warrant will be valued based on the underlying shares of common stock obtainable and valuation factors appropriate at the time it is issued. We currently estimate that value to be approximately $[________], based on the number of shares of common stock subject to this warrant, a offering price of the shares of $[________], the resulting exercise prices related to the warrant on the shares of common stock, the four year term of the warrant, a risk-free interest rate of [*]% currently commensurate with that term, an expected dividend yield of [___]% and estimated volatility of [___]%, based on a review of our historical volatility. The initial value of this warrant will be charged to additional paid-in capital as part of this offering costs incurred. Other Terms In connection with this offering, the underwriters or certain of the securities dealers may distribute prospectuses electronically. No forms of prospectus other than printed prospectuses and electronically distributed prospectuses that are printable in Adobe PDF format will be used in connection with this offering. The underwriters have informed us that they do not expect to confirm sales of shares of common stock units by this prospectus to accounts over which they exercise discretionary authority without obtaining the specific approval of the account holder. We have also granted Rodman & Renshaw, LLC a right of first refusal to conduct future offerings for us during the 12 months following the date of this prospectus. Stabilization Until the distribution of the shares of common stock offered by this prospectus is completed, rules of the SEC may limit the ability of the underwriters to bid for and to purchase our securities. As an exception to these rules, the underwriters may engage in transactions effected in accordance with Regulation M under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are intended to stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the price of our common stock. The underwriters may engage in over-allotment sales, syndicate covering transactions, stabilizing transactions, and penalty bids in accordance with Regulation M. · Stabilizing transactions permit bids or purchases for the purpose of pegging, fixing or maintaining the price of the common stock, so long as stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum. 60 · Over-allotment involves sales by the underwriters of shares in excess of the number of shares the underwriters are obligated to purchase, which creates a short position. The short position may be either a covered short position or a naked short position. In a covered short position, the number of shares over-allotted by the underwriters is not greater than the number of shares that they may purchase in the over-allotment option. In a naked short position, the number of shares involved is greater than the number of shares in the over-allotment option. The underwriters may close out any covered short position by either exercising their over-allotment option or purchasing shares in the open market. · Covering transactions involve the purchase of securities in the open market after the distribution has been completed in order to cover short positions. In determining the source of securities to close out the short position, the underwriters will consider, among other things, the price of securities available for purchase in the open market as compared to the price at which they may purchase securities through the over-allotment option. If the underwriters sell more shares of common stock than could be covered by the over-allotment option, creating a naked short position, the position can only be closed out by buying securities in the open market. A naked short position is more likely to be created if the underwriters are concerned that there could be downward pressure on the price of the securities in the open market after pricing that could adversely affect investors who purchase in this offering. · Penalty bids permit the underwriters to reclaim a selling concession from a selected dealer when the shares of common stock originally sold by the selected dealer are purchased in a stabilizing or syndicate covering transaction. These stabilizing transactions, covering transactions, and penalty bids may have the effect of raising or maintaining the market price of our common stock or preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of our common stock. As a result, the price of our common stock may be higher than the price that might otherwise exist in the open market. Neither we nor the underwriters make any representation or prediction as to the effect that the transactions described above may have on the prices of our securities. These transactions may occur on the NASDAQ Capital Market, in the over-the-counter market, or on any other trading market. If any of these transactions are commenced, they may be discontinued without notice at any time. Indemnification The underwriting agreement provides for indemnification between us and the underwriters against specified liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, and for contribution by us and the underwriters to payments that may be required to be made with respect to those liabilities. We have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, indemnification for liabilities under the Securities Act is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act, and is therefore, unenforceable. Foreign Regulatory Restrictions on Purchase of the Common Stock No action may be taken in any jurisdiction other than the United States that would permit a public offering of the shares or the possession, circulation or distribution of this prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, the shares may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither the prospectus nor any other offering material or advertisements in connection with the shares may be distributed or published in or from any country or jurisdiction except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable rules and regulations of any such country or jurisdiction. In addition to the public offering of the shares in the United States, the underwriters may, subject to the applicable foreign laws, also offer the shares to certain institutions or accredited persons in the following countries: United Kingdom No offer of shares has been made or will be made to the public in the United Kingdom within the meaning of Section 102B of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”), except to legal entities which are authorized or regulated to operate in the financial markets or, if not so authorized or regulated, whose corporate purpose is solely to invest in securities or otherwise in circumstances which do not require the publication by us of a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Rules of the Financial Services Authority (“FSA”). Each underwriter: (i) has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of FSMA) to persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 or in circumstances in which Section 21 of FSMA does not apply to us; and (ii) has complied with, and will comply with all applicable provisions of FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to the shares in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 61 European Economic Area In relation to each member state of the European Economic Area which has implemented the Prospectus Directive, which we refer to as a Relevant Member State, with effect from and including the date on which the Prospectus Directive is implemented in that Relevant Member State, which we refer to as the Relevant Implementation Date, no offer of shares has been made and or will be made to the public in that Relevant Member State prior to the publication of a prospectus in relation to the shares which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant Member State, all in accordance with the Prospectus Directive, except that, with effect from and including the Relevant Implementation Date, an offer of shares may be made to the public in that Relevant Member State at any time: (a) to legal entities which are authorized or regulated to operate in the financial markets or, if not so authorized or regulated, whose corporate purpose is solely to invest in securities; (b) to any legal entity which has two or more of (i) an average of at least 250 employees during the last financial year; (ii) a total balance sheet of more than €43,000,000; and (iii) an annual net turnover of more than €50,000,000, as shown in its last annual or consolidated accounts; or (c) in any other circumstances which do not require the publication by us of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Directive. For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of ordinary shares to the public” in relation to any shares in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the shares to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the shares, as the same may be varied in that Relevant Member State by any measure implementing the Prospectus Directive in that Relevant Member State and the expression Prospectus Directive means Directive 2003/71/ EC and includes any relevant implementing measure in each Relevant Member State. Germany Any offer or solicitation of shares within Germany must be in full compliance with the German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz—WpPG). The offer and solicitation of securities to the public in Germany requires the approval of the prospectus by the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht—BaFin). This prospectus has not been and will not be submitted for approval to the BaFin. This prospectus does not constitute a public offer under the German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz). This prospectus and any other document relating to the shares, as well as any information contained therein, must therefore not be supplied to the public in Germany or used in connection with any offer for subscription of the shares to the public in Germany, any public marketing of the shares or any public solicitation for offers to subscribe for or otherwise acquire the shares. The prospectus and other offering materials relating to the offer of the shares are strictly confidential and may not be distributed to any person or entity other than the designated recipients hereof. Greece This prospectus has not been approved by the Hellenic Capital Markets Commission or another EU equivalent authority and consequently is not addressed to or intended for use, in any way whatsoever, by Greek residents. The shares have not been offered or sold and will not be offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly in Greece, except (i) to “qualified investors” (as defined in article 2(f) of Greek Law 3401/2005); and/or (ii) to less than 100 individuals or legal entities, who are not qualified investors (article 3, paragraph 2(b) of Greek Law 3401/2005), or otherwise in circumstances which will not result in the offer of the new shares being subject to the Greek Prospectus requirements of preparing a filing a prospectus (under articles 3 and 4 of Greek Law 3401/2005). Italy This offering of the shares has not been cleared by Consob, the Italian Stock Exchanges regulatory agency of public companies, pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no shares may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this prospectus or of any other document relating to the shares be distributed in Italy, except (1) to professional investors (operatori qualificati); or (2) in circumstances which are exempted from the rules on solicitation of investments pursuant to Decree No. 58 and Article 33, first paragraph, of Consob Regulation No. 11971 of May 14, 1999, as amended. Any offer, sale or delivery of the shares or distribution of copies of this prospectus or any other document relating to the shares in Italy under (1) or (2) above must be (i) made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in accordance with the Decree No. 58 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of September 1, 1993, or the Banking Act; (ii) in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which the issue or the offer of securities in Italy may need to be preceded and followed by an appropriate notice to be filed with the Bank of Italy depending, inter alia, on the aggregate value of the securities issued or offered in Italy and their characteristics; and (iii) in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations. 62 Cyprus The Underwriter has agreed that (i) it will not be providing from or within Cyprus any “Investment Services”, “Investment Activities” and “Non-Core Services” (as such terms are defined in the Investment Firms Law 144(I) of 2007 (the “IFL”), in relation to the shares, or will be otherwise providing Investment Services, Investment Activities and Non-Core Services to residents or persons domiciled in Cyprus. Each underwriter has agreed that it will not be concluding in Cyprus any transaction relating to such Investment Services, Investment Activities and Non-Core Services in contravention of the IFL and/or applicable regulations adopted pursuant thereto or in relation thereto; and (ii) it has not and will not offer any of the shares other than in compliance with the provisions of the Public Offer and Prospectus Law, Law 114(I)/2005. Switzerland This document does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of Art. 652a of the Swiss Code of Obligations. The shares may not be sold directly or indirectly in or into Switzerland except in a manner which will not result in a public offering within the meaning of the Swiss Code of Obligations. Neither this document nor any other offering materials relating to the shares may be distributed, published or otherwise made available in Switzerland except in a manner which will not constitute a public offer of the shares of in Switzerland. Norway This prospectus has not been approved or disapproved by, or registered with, the Oslo Stock Exchange, the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (Kredittilsynet) nor the Norwegian Registry of Business Enterprises, and the shares are marketed and sold in Norway on a private placement basis and under other applicable exceptions from this offering prospectus requirements as provided for pursuant to the Norwegian Securities Trading Act. Botswana The Company hereby represents and warrants that it has not offered for sale or sold, and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly the shares to the public in the Republic of Botswana, and confirms that this offering will not be subject to any registration requirements as a prospectus pursuant to the requirements and/or provisions of the Companies Act, 2003 or the Listing Requirements of the Botswana Stock Exchange. Hong Kong The shares may not be offered or sold by means of any document other than (i) in circumstances which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance (Cap.32, Laws of Hong Kong), (ii) to “professional investors” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap.571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder, or (iii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance (Cap.32, Laws of Hong Kong), and no advertisement, invitation or document relating to the shares may be issued or may be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere), which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to shares which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder. Singapore This prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the shares may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the shares be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore, or the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions, specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. Where the shares are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 by a relevant person which is: (a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or (b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary is an accredited investor, shares, debentures and shares of shares and debentures of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest in that trust shall not be transferable for six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the shares under Section 275 except: (i) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the SFA or to a relevant person, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions, specified in Section 275 of the SFA; (ii) where no consideration is given for the transfer; or (iii) by operation of law. 63 People’s Republic of China This prospectus has not been and will not be circulated or distributed in the PRC, and shares may not be offered or sold, and will not be offered or sold to any person for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, to any resident of the PRC except pursuant to applicable laws and regulations of the PRC. For the purpose of this paragraph only, the PRC does not include Taiwan and the special administrative regions of Hong Kong and Macau. Israel This Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell the shares to the public in Israel or a prospectus under the Israeli Securities Law, 5728-1968 and the regulations promulgated thereunder, or the Israeli Securities Law, and has not been filed with or approved by the Israel Securities Authority. In Israel, pursuant to an exemption afforded under the Israeli Securities Law, this prospectus may be distributed only to, and may be directed only at, investors listed in the first addendum to the Israeli Securities Law, or the Addendum, consisting primarily of certain mutual trust and provident funds, or management companies thereto, banks, as defined under the Banking (Licensing) Law, 5741-1981, except for joint service companies purchasing for their own account or for clients listed in the Addendum, insurers, as defined under the Supervision of Financial Services Law (Insurance), 5741-1981, portfolio managers purchasing for their own account or for clients listed in the Addendum, investment advisers purchasing for their own account, Tel Aviv Stock Exchange members purchasing for their own account or for clients listed in the Addendum, underwriters purchasing for their own account, venture capital funds, certain corporations which primarily engage in the capital market and fully-owned by investors listed in the Addendum and corporations whose equity exceeds NIS250 Million, collectively referred to as institutional investors. Institutional investors may be required to submit written confirmation that they fall within the scope of the Addendum. United Arab Emirates This document has not been reviewed, approved or licensed by the Central Bank of the United Arab Emirates (the “UAE”), Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority or any other relevant licensing authority in the UAE including any licensing authority incorporated under the laws and regulations of any of the free zones established and operating in the territory of the UAE, in particular the Dubai International Financial Services Authority (the “DFSA”), a regulatory authority of the Dubai International Financial Centre (the “DIFC”). The issue of shares does not constitute a public offer of securities in the UAE, DIFC and/or any other free zone in accordance with the Commercial Companies Law, Federal Law No. 8 of 1984 (as amended), DFSA Offered Securities Rules and the Dubai International Financial Exchange Listing Rules, accordingly, or otherwise. The shares may not be offered to the public in the UAE and/or any of the free zones including, in particular, the DIFC. The shares may be offered and this document may be issued, only to a limited number of investors in the UAE or any of its free zones (including, in particular, the DIFC) who qualify as sophisticated investors under the relevant laws and regulations of the UAE or the free zone concerned. Management of the Company, and the representatives represent and warrant that the shares will not be offered, sold, transferred or delivered to the public in the UAE or any of its free zones including, in particular, the DIFC. Oman For the attention of the residents of Oman: The information contained in this memorandum neither constitutes a public offer of securities in the Sultanate of Oman (“Oman”) as contemplated by the Commercial Companies Law of Oman (Sultani Decree 4/74) or the Capital Market Law of Oman (Sultani Decree 80/98), nor does it constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of any offer to buy non-Omani securities in Oman as contemplated by Article 6 of the Executive Regulations to the Capital Market Law of Oman (issued vide Ministerial Decision No 4/2001), and nor does it constitute a distribution of non-Omani securities in Oman as contemplated under the Rules for Distribution of Non-Omani Securities in Oman issued by the Capital Market Authority of Oman (“CMA”). Additionally, this memorandum is not intended to lead to the conclusion of any contract of whatsoever nature within the territory of Oman. This memorandum has been sent at the request of the investor in Oman, and by receiving this memorandum, the person or entity to whom it has been issued and sent understands, acknowledges and agrees that this memorandum has not been approved by the CMA or any other regulatory body or authority in Oman, nor has any authorization, license or approval been received from the CMA or any other regulatory authority in Oman, to market, offer, sell, or distribute the shares within Oman. No marketing, offering, selling or distribution of any financial or investment products or services has been or will be made from within Oman and no subscription to any securities, products or financial services may or will be consummated within Oman. The underwriter is not a company licensed by the CMA to provide investment advisory, brokerage, or portfolio management services in Oman, nor banks licensed by the Central Bank of Oman to provide investment banking services in Oman. The underwriter does not advise persons or entities resident or based in Oman as to the appropriateness of investing in or purchasing or selling securities or other financial products. 64 Nothing contained in this memorandum is intended to constitute Omani investment, legal, tax, accounting or other professional advice. This memorandum is for your information only, and nothing herein is intended to endorse or recommend a particular course of action. You should consult with an appropriate professional for specific advice on the basis of your situation. Any recipient of this memorandum and any purchaser of the shares pursuant to this memorandum shall not market, distribute, resell, or offer to resell the shares within Oman without complying with the requirements of applicable Omani law, nor copy or otherwise distribute this memorandum to others. Canada Resale Restrictions The distribution of our securities in Canada is being made only on a private placement basis exempt from the requirement that we prepare and file a prospectus with the securities regulatory authorities in each province where trades of our securities are made. Any resale of our securities in Canada must be made under applicable securities laws that will vary depending on the relevant jurisdiction, and which may require resales to be made under available statutory exemptions or under a discretionary exemption granted by the applicable Canadian securities regulatory authority. Purchasers are advised to seek legal advice prior to any resale of our securities. Representations of Purchasers By purchasing our securities in Canada and accepting a purchase confirmation a purchaser is representing to us and the dealer from whom the purchase confirmation is received that: • the purchaser is entitled under applicable provincial securities laws to purchase our securities without the benefit of a prospectus qualified under those securities laws; • where required by law, that the purchaser is purchasing as principal and not as agent; • the purchaser has reviewed the text above under Resale Restrictions; and • the purchaser acknowledges and consents to the provision of specified information concerning its purchase of our securities to the regulatory authority that by law is entitled to collect the information. Further details concerning the legal authority for this information are available on request. Rights of Action—Ontario Purchasers Only Under Ontario securities legislation, certain purchasers who purchase a security offered by this prospectus during the period of distribution will have a statutory right of action for damages, or while still the owner of our securities, for rescission against us in the event that this prospectus contains a misrepresentation without regard to whether the purchaser relied on the misrepresentation. The right of action for damages is exercisable not later than the earlier of 180 days from the date the purchaser first had knowledge of the facts giving rise to the cause of action and three years from the date on which payment is made for our securities. The right of action for rescission is exercisable not later than 180 days from the date on which payment is made for our securities. If a purchaser elects to exercise the right of action for rescission, the purchaser will have no right of action for damages against us. In no case will the amount recoverable in any action exceed the price at which our securities were offered to the purchaser and if the purchaser is shown to have purchased the securities with knowledge of the misrepresentation, we will have no liability. In the case of an action for damages, we will not be liable for all or any portion of the damages that are proven to not represent the depreciation in value of our securities as a result of the misrepresentation relied upon. These rights are in addition to, and without derogation from, any other rights or remedies available at law to an Ontario purchaser. The foregoing is a summary of the rights available to an Ontario purchaser. Ontario purchasers should refer to the complete text of the relevant statutory provisions. Enforcement of Legal Rights All of our directors and officers as well as the experts named herein may be located outside of Canada and, as a result, it may not be possible for Canadian purchasers to effect service of process within Canada upon us or those persons. All or a substantial portion of our assets and the assets of those persons may be located outside of Canada and, as a result, it may not be possible to satisfy a judgment against us or those persons in Canada or to enforce a judgment obtained in Canadian courts against us or those persons outside of Canada. 65 Taxation and Eligibility for Investment Canadian purchasers of our securities should consult their own legal and tax advisors with respect to the tax consequences of an investment in our securities in their particular circumstances and about the eligibility of our securities for investment by the purchaser under relevant Canadian legislation. LEGAL MATTERS The validity of the shares sold by us and the selling shareholders under this prospectus will be passed upon for us by Richardson & Patel LLP in Los Angeles, California. Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP has acted as counsel for the underwriters. EXPERTS The financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 included in this prospectus have been audited by Kabani & Company, Inc., independent certified public accountants to the extent and for the periods set forth in their report appearing elsewhere in this prospectus and are included in reliance upon such report given the authority of that firm as experts in auditing and accounting. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We are required to comply with the information and periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and, in accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, will file periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. These periodic reports, proxy statements and other information will be available for inspection and copying at the regional offices, public reference facilities and internet site of the SEC referred to below. We filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act for the common stock to be sold in this offering. This prospectus does not contain all of the information in the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules that were filed with the registration statement. For further information with respect to the common stock and us, we refer you to the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules that were filed with the registration statement. Statements made in this prospectus regarding the contents of any contract, agreement or other document that is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement are not necessarily complete, and we refer you to the full text of the contract or other document filed as an exhibit to the registration statement. A copy of the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules that were filed with the registration statement may be inspected without charge at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, Washington, DC 20549. Copies of all or any part of the registration statement may be obtained from the SEC upon payment of the prescribed fee. Information regarding the operation of the public reference rooms may be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the SEC. The address of the site is http://www.sec.gov. You can find more information about us on our website, which is located at http:// www.yongxinchina.com. DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION OF INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law authorizes a court to award, or a corporation’s board of directors to grant, indemnity to directors and officers in terms sufficiently broad to permit indemnification for liabilities, including reimbursement for expenses incurred, arising under the Securities Act. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 145, a corporation may indemnify its directors, officers, employees, and agents as follows: 66 “(a) A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the person's conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that the person's conduct was unlawful. (b) A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. (c) To the extent that a present or former director or officer of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections (a) and (b) of this section, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith. (d) Any indemnification under subsections (a) and (b) of this section (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the present or former director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because the person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in subsections (a) and (b) of this section. Such determination shall be made, with respect to a person who is a director or officer at the time of such determination, (1) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (2) by a committee of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (3) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (4) by the stockholders. (e) Expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by an officer or director in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding may be paid by the corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation as authorized in this section. Such expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by former directors and officers or other employees and agents may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the corporation deems appropriate. (f) The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, the other subsections of this section shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such person's official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office. (g) A corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such person's status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under this section. 67 (h) For purposes of this section, references to "the corporation" shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under this section with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. (i) For purposes of this section, references to "other enterprises" shall include employee benefit plans; references to "fines" shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to any employee benefit plan; and references to "serving at the request of the corporation" shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner "not opposed to the best interests of the corporation" as referred to in this section. (j) The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this section shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. (k) The Court of Chancery is hereby vested with exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine all actions for advancement of expenses or indemnification brought under this section or under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. The Court of Chancery may summarily determine a corporation's obligation to advance expenses (including attorneys' fees).” Charter Provisions and Other Arrangements of the Registrant We have adopted the following indemnification provisions in Articles VII and VIII of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation for our officers and directors: “ ARTICLE VII A director of this Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law as it now exists or as it may hereafter be amended, not be personally liable to this Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability (i) for any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to this Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the General Corporation Law, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived any improper personal benefit. If the General Corporation Law is amended, after approval by the stockholders of this Article, to authorize any action by the Corporation which further eliminates or limits the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director of this Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law, as so amended. Any amendment, repeal or modification of this Article VII, or the adoption of any provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article VII, shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of this Corporation existing at the time of such amendment, repeal, modification or adoption. ARTICLE VIII The Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by the provisions of Section 145 of the General Corporation Law, as the same may be amended and supplemented, indemnify any and all persons whom it shall have power to indemnify under said section from and against any and all of the expenses, liabilities, or other matters referred to in or covered by said section, and the indemnification provided for herein shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those indemnified may be entitled under any Bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in his or her official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office, and shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee, or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, and administrators of such person. 68 Any amendment, repeal or modification of this Article VIII, or the adoption of any provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article VIII, shall not adversely affect any right or protection existing at the time of such amendment, repeal, modification or adoption.” In addition, we adopted the following provisions for the indemnification of directors, officers, employees and agents in Article 7 of our Company’s bylaws: “SECTION 7.1 Indemnification of Directors and Officers. To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (provided that the effect of any such amendment shall be prospective only) (the "Delaware Law"), a director of the Corporation shall not be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of his or her fiduciary duty as a director. The Corporation shall indemnify, in the manner and to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware Law (but in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than permitted prior thereto), any person (or the estate of any person) who is or was a party to, or is threatened to be made a party to, any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether or not by or in the right of the Corporation, and whether civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or otherwise, by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise. The Corporation may, to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware Law, purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any such person against any liability which may be asserted against such person. The Corporation may create a trust fund, grant a security interest or use other means (including without limitation a letter of credit) to ensure the payment of such sums as may become necessary or desirable to effect the indemnification as provided herein. To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware Law, the indemnification provided herein shall include expenses as incurred (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement and any such expenses shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the person seeking indemnification to repay such amounts if it is ultimately determined that he or she is not entitled to be indemnified. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Section 7.1, no advance shall be made by the Corporation if a determination is reasonably and promptly made by the Board by a majority vote of a quorum of disinterested Directors, or (if such a quorum is not obtainable or, even if obtainable, a quorum of disinterested Directors so directs) by independent legal counsel to the Corporation, that, based upon the facts known to the Board or such counsel at the time such determination is made, (a) the party seeking an advance acted in bad faith or deliberately breached his or her duty to the Corporation or its stockholders, and (b) as a result of such actions by the party seeking an advance, it is more likely than not that it will ultimately be determined that such party is not entitled to indemnification pursuant to the provisions of this Section 7.1. The indemnification provided herein shall not be deemed to limit the right of the Corporation to indemnify any other person for any such expenses to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware Law, nor shall it be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which any person seeking indemnification from the Corporation may be entitled under any agreement, the Corporation's Bylaws, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, both as to action in such person's official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office. The Corporation may, but only to the extent that the Board of Directors may (but shall not be obligated to) authorize from time to time, grant rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to any employee or agent of the Corporation to the fullest extent of the provisions of this Section 7.1 as it applies to the indemnification and advancement of expenses of directors and officers of the Corporation. SECTION 7.2 Indemnification of Employees and Agents. Subject to Section 7.1, the Corporation may, but only to the extent that the Board may (but shall not be obligated to) authorize from time to time, grant rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to any employee or agent of the Corporation to the fullest extent of the provisions of this Article VII as they apply to the indemnification and advancement of expenses of directors and officers of the Corporation. 69 SECTION 7.3 Enforcement of Indemnification. The rights to indemnification and the advancement of expenses conferred above shall be contract rights. If a claim under this Article VII is not paid in full by the Corporation within 60 days after written claim has been received by the Corporation, except in the case of a claim for an advancement of expenses, in which case the applicable period shall be 20 days, the indemnitee may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of such claim. If successful in whole or in part in any such suit, or in a suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the indemnitee shall be entitled to be paid also the expenses of prosecuting or defending such suit. In (i) any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to an advancement of expenses) it shall be a defense that, and (ii) any suit by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking the Corporation shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that, the indemnitee has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in the DGCL. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its Board, independent legal counsel or stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such suit that indemnification of the indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because the indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its Board, independent legal counsel or stockholders) that the indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall either create a presumption that the indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a suit brought by the indemnitee, be a defense to such suit. In any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, or by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving that the indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this Article VII or otherwise shall be on the Corporation.” Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) may be permitted to directors, officers, or persons controlling the Company pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE There are not and have not been any disagreements between us and our accountants on any matter of accounting principles, practices, or financial statement disclosure during our two most recent fiscal years and subsequent interim periods. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The Company’s unaudited consolidated financials statements as of March 31, 2010 and 2009, and the Company’s consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 commence on the following page. 70 CHINA YONGXIN PHARMACEUTICALS INC. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets as at March 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009 F-2 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Income for the Three Month Periods ended March 31, 2010 and 2009 F-3 Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Month Periods ended March 31, 2010 and 2009 F-4 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements F-5 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-23 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008 F-24 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 F-25 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 F-26 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders’ Equity for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 F-27 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-28 F-1 CHINA YONGXIN PHARMACEUTICALS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AS OF MARCH 31, 2010 AND DECEMBER 31, 2009 (UNAUDITED) March 31, 2010 December 31, 2009 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,995,675 $ 1,805,271 Restricted cash 1,038,869 467,369 Accounts receivable, net 12,564,016 12,305,103 Notes receivable 1,948,122 903,867 Other receivable, net 1,402,470 1,931,084 Advances to suppliers 6,280,863 6,255,874 Prepaid expenses 385,932 534,769 Inventory, net 7,769,226 7,811,628 Total Current Assets 33,385,173 32,014,966 Property and Equipment, Net 8,473,966 8,753,364 Intangible Assets, Net 960,627 987,332 Total Assets $ 42,819,766 $ 41,755,662 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current Liabilities: Accounts payable $ 4,277,148 $ 4,151,219 Accrued expenses & other payable 4,006,311 5,170,786 Advances from customers 2,004,924 2,055,602 Taxes payable 769,919 1,421,434 Loans from related parties - 184,662 Short-term loan payable 2,327,321 1,100,884 Deferred income 110,609 419,277 Shares to be issued 71,000 65,000 Liabilities of discontinued operations 58,753 628,837 Total Current Liabilities 13,625,986 15,197,700 Long Term Loan - 1,320,300 Convertible Note Payable, Net 63,542 - Commitments and Contingencies - - Stockholders' Equity: Preferred stock, $0.001 par value; 5,000,000 shares authorized; 1,666,667 shares issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009 1,667 1,667 Common stock; $0.001 par value; 75,000,000 shares authorized; 57,348,923 shares issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2010 and 56,448,923 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2009 57,349 56,449 Additional paid in capital 2,519,351 1,165,899 Deferred consulting expense - issuance of warrants - (4,740 ) Prepaid consulting - issuance of shares - (5,000 ) Receivable from a related party for issuance of shares (50,000 ) (50,000 ) Statutory reserve 2,716,929 2,630,329 Other comprehensive income 1,808,088 1,807,859 Retained earnings 16,183,821 13,920,650 Total 23,237,205 19,523,112 Non-controlling interest 5,893,034 5,714,550 Total Stockholders' Equity 29,130,239 25,237,662 Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity $ 42,819,766 $ 41,755,662 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements F-2 CHINA YONGXIN PHARMACEUTICALS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME FOR THE THREE MONTH PERIODS ENDED MARCH 31, 2010 AND 2009 (UNAUDITED) 2010 2009 Net Revenues $ 10,679,465 $ 9,184,994 Cost of Goods Sold (8,276,361 ) (6,954,270 ) Gross profit 2,403,105 2,230,724 Operating Expenses: Selling expenses 794,123 820,162 General and administrative expenses 847,830 338,492 Total operating expenses 1,641,954 1,158,654 Income From Operations 761,151 1,072,070 Other Income (Expense): Gain on settlement of debt 75,000 - Other income 71,351 87,797 Other expense (62,618 ) (26,377 ) Interest income (expense) -50,696 8,474 Total other income 158,273 69,894 Operating Income Continued Operations Before Income Tax and Non-controlling Interest 919,424 1,141,964 Provision for Income Tax (290,816 ) (204,765 ) Net Income Before Non-controlling Interest and Discontinued Operations 628,608 937,199 Discontinued Operations Gain/ (Loss) from discontinued operations 10,997 (416,222 ) Gain on disposal of subsidiaries 1,889,800 - Total income (loss) from discontinued operations 1,900,798 (416,222 ) Net Income Before Non-controlling Interest 2,529,406 520,977 Net Income Attributable to Non-controlling interest (178,425 ) (132,585 ) Net Income Attributable to the Company 2,350,980 388,392 Other Comprehensive Item: Foreign exchange translation gain (loss) 288 (23,677 ) Net Comprehensive Income $ 2,351,268 $ 364,715 Earning Per Share Basic $ 0.04 $ 0.01 Diluted $ 0.04 $ 0.01 Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding Basic 56,997,812 31,041,845 Diluted 59,616,201 31,041,845 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements F-3 CHINA YONGXIN PHARMACEUTICALS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE THREE MONTH PERIODS ENDED MARCH 31, 2010 AND 2009 (UNAUDITED) 2010 2009 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income $ 2,350,980 $ 388,392 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Beneficial conversion feature & warrant fee amortization 63,542 - Debt issue costs amortization 9,633 - Depreciation and amortization 178,938 85,036 Amortization of prepaid & deferred consulting cost 15,740 141,566 Non-controlling interest 178,425 132,585 Gain on settlement of debt (85,997 ) - Gain on sale of subsidiaries (1,880,798 ) Loss on sale of assets 8,741 - (Increase) / decrease in current assets: Accounts receivable (258,825 ) (246,078 ) Notes receivable (1,043,899 ) 726,534 Other receivable 548,427 6,345 Advances to suppliers (24,981 ) (260,689 ) Prepaid expenses 265,001 52,847 Inventory 42,388 45,600 Increase / (decrease) in current liabilities: Accounts payable 915,153 (38,719 ) Accrued expenses and other payable (301,853 ) (457,358 ) Tax payable (651,293 ) 191,627 Advances from customers (50,660 ) (722,342 ) Deferred income (309,562 ) (181,776 ) Total Adjustments (2,381,881 ) (524,821 ) Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations (30,901 ) (136,430 ) Net cash provided by/ (used in) operating activities of discontinued operations (20,000 ) 416,222 Net cash used in / (provided by) operating activities (50,901 ) 279,792 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Acquisition of property, equipment and intangible assets - (262,301 ) Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 117,585 - Net cash provided by / (used in) investing activities from continuing operations 117,585 (262,301 ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Receipt of loans from non-related parties 695,362 981,397 Restricted cash (571,500 ) - Net cash provided by financing activities 123,862 981,397 NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 190,546 998,889 EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (142 ) (942 ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING BALANCE 1,805,271 609,422 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, ENDING BALANCE $ 1,995,675 $ 1,607,369 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES: Cash paid during the year for: Interest $ 40,909 $ 14,424 Income tax $ 983,750 $ 122,342 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements F-4 CHINA YONGXIN PHARMACEUTICALS INC. NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION China Yongxin Pharmaceuticals Inc. (formerly Digital Learning Management Corporation and Nutradyne Group, Inc.) (the “Company") was incorporated in Delaware on February 18, 1999. The Company, through its Chinese affiliates, or “variable interest entities” (VIEs), is engaged in the wholesale and retail sale of pharmaceuticals, medical equipment, other medical-related products, health products including nutritional and dietary supplements, and cosmetics. On December 21, 2006, Changchun Yongxin Dirui Medical Co., Ltd, a Chinese corporation ("Yongxin") and all of the stockholders of Yongxin entered into an acquisition agreement (“Acquisition Agreement”) with the Company. The Acquisition Agreement was amended on June 15, 2007 (the “Amended Acquisition Agreement”). On November 16, 2007, Yongxin and the Company closed on the reverse acquisition under the Amended Acquisition Agreement. On April 12, 2008, we entered into a second amended Acquisition Agreement with Yongxin, effective November 16, 2007, in which the Company acquired an 80% equity interest in Yongxin, and issued an aggregate of 21,000,000 shares of newly issued common stock and 5 million shares of Series A Preferred Stock to the Yongxin stockholders and/or their designees, representing, immediately following closing, 70% of the total issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, (“Reverse Acquisition Transaction”). The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible over a 3 year period, into up to a total of 30 million shares of common stock. For accounting purposes, this transaction was accounted for as a reverse acquisition, since the stockholders of Yongxin own a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, and the directors and executive officers of Yongxin became the directors and executive officers of the Company. This acquisition was accounted for at historical cost in a manner similar to that in the pooling of interests method since after the acquisition, the former stockholders of Yongxin acquired a majority of the outstanding shares of the Company. Yongxin was originally established in 1993. The Company is engaged in the wholesale and retail sale of medicines. The Company’s operations are based in Changchun City, Jilin Province, China. In 2001, Yongxin established Jilin Province Yongxin Chain Drugstore Ltd. (“Yongxin Drugstore”) with an investment of RMB 2,500,000 (equivalent to $303,000) to develop a customer-terminal network market. In July 2005, the Company obtained the franchise rights in Jilin Province from American Medicine Shoppe (Meixin International Medical Chains) and sells over-the-counter western and traditional Chinese medicines and other medical-related products. On March 16, 2007, Jilin Province Yongxin Chain Drugstore Ltd. entered into various agreements with retail drug stores in Tianjin, and established Tianjin Jingyongxin Chain Drugstore Ltd. (“Jinyongxin Drugstore”) with an investment of $116,868, in which the Company has the 90% ownership of the Jinyongxin Drugstore. Jinyongxin Drugstore is located in Tianjin City, China. On May 15, 2007, Yongxin established Jilin Dingjian Natural Health Products Co., Ltd. (“Dingjian”) with an investment of $116,868 whereby the stockholders of the company have 90% ownership of Dingjian. Dingjian was formed under laws of the People's Republic of China and is located in Changchun City, Jilin Province. On June 15 2007, Yongxin Drugstore established Baishan Caoantang Chain Drugstore Ltd. (“Caoantang Drugstore”) with an investment of $328,430, including $144,509 in cash and $183,921 to purchase the property and equipment and Yongxin agreed to pay $80,076 evenly over the next 32 months for this investment. Caoantang Drugstore is a 100% owned subsidiary of Yongxin Drugstore. Caoantang Drugstore operates a chain of 32 retail drugstores, collectively covers a business area of 2,804 square meters, and this chain sells over-the-counter western and traditional Chinese medicines and other medical-related products. On May 5, 2008 the Company changed its name from “Nutradyne Group, Inc.” to “China Yongxin Pharmaceuticals Inc.” In November 2009, Dingjian entered into an Equity Transfer Agreement (the “Agreement”) with Sun Shi Wei, an individual, to transfer 90% of ownership with all its assets and liabilities to Sun Shi Wei. The 10% non-controlling interest remained unchanged. Both parties agreed that Sun Shi Wei assumed the net liabilities. No other consideration was exchanged. Dingjian would be liable for any undiscovered liability other than the liability assumed by Sun Shi Wei, pursuant to the Agreement. On March 1, 2010, the Company sold its digital e-learning business including its wholly-owned subsidiary, Digital Learning Institute Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Digital Learning”); and (i) Digital Learning’s wholly-owned subsidiary Software Education of America, Inc., a California corporation; (ii) Digital Learning’s wholly-owned subsidiary McKinley Educational Services, Inc., a California corporation; (iii) Digital Learning’s wholly-owned subsidiary Digital Knowledge Works, Inc., a Delaware corporation; and (iv) Digital Learning’s wholly-owned subsidiary Coursemate, Inc., a California corporation (referred to collectively herein as the "Digital E-learning Business"). The Digital E-learning Business was tangential to our overall pharmaceutical and health product business and it has been our intention to divest ourselves of the Digital E-learning Business. F-5 NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared by the Company, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) and generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial reporting. The information furnished herein reflects all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals and adjustments) which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to fairly present the operating results for the respective periods. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally present in annual consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have been omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. These consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and footnotes included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K. The results of the three months ended March 31, 2010 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year ending December 31, 2010. BASIS OF PRESENTATION The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The functional currency of our operating subsidiary, Changchun Yongxin Dirui Medical Co., Ltd is Chinese Renminbi (“RMB”); however the accompanying financial statements have been translated and presented in United States Dollars (“USD”). TRANSLATION ADJUSTMENT As of March 31, 2010, the accounts of Yongxin were maintained, and its financial statements were expressed, in Chinese RMB. Such financial statements were translated into USD in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounts Standards (“SFAS”) No. 52 (ASC 830), “Foreign Currency Translation,” with the RMB as the functional currency. According to the Statement, all assets and liabilities were translated at the current exchange rate, stockholders’ equity are translated at the historical rates and income statement items are translated at the average exchange rate for the period. The resulting translation adjustments are reported under other comprehensive income in accordance with SFAS No. 130 (ASC 220), “Reporting Comprehensive Income” as a component of stockholders’ equity. USE OF ESTIMATES The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“GAAP”) requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates include collectability of accounts receivable, accounts payable, sales returns and recoverability of long-term assets. PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of China Yongxin Pharmaceuticals Inc. and its VIE, Yongxin Drugstore, and its subsidiaries, collectively referred to herein as the “Company”. All material inter-company accounts, transactions and profits have been eliminated in consolidation. NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared by the Company, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) and in accordance with GAAP. The Company acquired 80% of Yongxin, and Yongxin Liu and Yongkui Liu own 11% and 9% of Yongxin, respectively. The 20% equity interest held by Yongxin Liu and Yongkui Liu represents the non-controlling interest amounting to $5,860,892 as of March 31, 2010 as compared to $5,687,633 as of December 31, 2009. Through Yongxin Drugstore, the Company owns a 90% ownership interest in Jinyongxin Drugstore. The remaining 10% interest in Jinyongxin Drugstore is owned by third parties. As of March 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, the 10% equity interest amounted to $32,142 and $26,917, respectively. F-6 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS Cash and cash equivalents consist primarily of cash in banks and highly liquid investments with original maturities of 90 days or less. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE The Company maintains reserves for potential credit losses on accounts receivable. Management reviews the composition of accounts receivable and analyzes historical bad debts, customer concentrations, customer credit worthiness, current economic trends and changes in customer payment patterns to evaluate the adequacy of these reserves. Reserves are recorded primarily on a specific identification basis. As of March 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, there was no allowance for doubtful debts. The Company entered into a factoring agreement with China Jilin Bank Corporation Limited (“Jilin Bank”), to transfer accounts receivable with full recourse. The Company is required to repurchase the transferred accounts receivable, if any controversy arises on the accounts receivable, at a price of proceeds received from Jilin Bank less settled accounts receivable plus interest and other necessary penalty or expense. The Company accounts for its transferred accounts receivable in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (“SFAS”) No. 166, “Accounting for Transfers of Financial Assets” (“ASC 810”), with the proceeds received from Jilin Bank being recognized as secured borrowings (Note 13). NOTE RECEIVABLE Notes receivable represent bankers’ acceptances that have been arranged with third-party financial institutions by certain customers to settle their purchases from us. These bankers’ acceptances are non-interest bearing and are collectible within six months. Such sales and purchasing arrangements are consistent with industry practices in the PRC. ADVANCES TO SUPPLIERS The Company advances to certain vendors for purchase of its goods. The advances to suppliers are interest free and unsecured. As of March 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, advances to suppliers amounted to $6,280,863 and $6,255,874, respectively. INVENTORIES Inventories are valued on a lower of weighted average cost or market basis. Inventory includes product cost, inbound freight, warehousing costs and vendor allowances not included as a reduction of advertising expense. Management compares the cost of inventories with the market value and allowance is made for writing down their inventories to market value, if lower. Work in process inventories include the cost of raw materials and outsource processing fees. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT Property and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over useful lives ranging from 5 to 20 years. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to earnings as incurred; additions, renewals and betterments are capitalized. When property and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts, and any gain or loss is included in operations. Assets held under capital leases are recorded at the lesser of the present value of the future minimum lease payments or the fair value of the leased property. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Depreciation of property and equipment is provided using the straight-line method for substantially all assets with estimated lives of: Buildings 20 years Infrastructures and leasehold improvements 10 years Equipment (including electronic facilities, sports, education and recreation facilities) 10 years Automobiles 10 years Furniture and fixtures 5 years Computer hardware and software 5 years IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS The Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used in accordance with SFAS 144 “Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets” (ASC 360). SFAS 144 (ASC 360) requires impairment losses to be recorded on long-lived assets used in operations when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the assets’ carrying amounts. In that event, a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the long-lived assets. Loss on long-lived assets to be disposed of is determined in a similar manner, except that fair market values are reduced for the cost of disposal. F-7 REVENUE RECOGNITION The Company’s revenue recognition policies are in compliance with Staff Accounting Bulletin (“SAB”) 104 (ASC 605). Sales revenue is recognized at the date of shipment to customers when a formal arrangement exists, the price is fixed or determinable, the delivery is completed, no other significant obligations of the Company exist and collectability is reasonably assured. The Company recognizes revenue net of an allowance for estimated returns, at the time the merchandise is sold or services performed. The allowance for sales returns is estimated based on the Company’s historical experience. Sales taxes are presented on a net basis (excluded from revenues and costs). Payments received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as unearned revenue. VENDOR ALLOWANCES Vendor allowances are principally received as a result of purchase levels, sales or promotion of vendors' products. Allowances are generally recorded as a reduction of inventory and are recognized as a reduction of cost of sales when the related merchandise is sold. Those allowances received for promoting vendors' products are offset against advertising expense and result in a reduction of selling, occupancy and administration expenses to the extent of advertising costs incurred, with the excess treated as a reduction of inventory costs. INCOME TAXES The Company utilizes SFAS No. 109 (ASC 740), "Accounting for Income Taxes," which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at each period end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. The Company accounts for income taxes using an asset and liability approach which allows for the recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets based upon the likelihood of realization of tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach, deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits, or that future deductibility is uncertain. The Company records a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, if any, based on its estimates of its future taxable income as well as its tax planning strategies when it is more likely than not that a portion or all of its deferred tax assets will not be realized. If the Company is able to utilize more of its deferred tax assets than the net amount previously recorded when unanticipated events occur, an adjustment to deferred tax assets would increase the Company net income when those events occur. The Company does not have any significant deferred tax asset or liabilities in the PRC tax jurisdiction. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 107, Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments, requires that the Company disclose estimated fair values of financial instruments. The carrying amounts reported in the statements of financial position for current assets and current liabilities qualifying as financial instruments are a reasonable estimate of fair value. STOCK BASED COMPENSATION The Company accounts for stock based compensation in accordance with Statement No. 123R , Share-Based Payment (SFAS 123R) (ASC 718), which requires companies to measure and recognize compensation expense for all stock-based payments at fair value. BASIC AND DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE Earnings per share are calculated in accordance with the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 128 (SFAS No. 128) (ASC 260), “Earnings per share.” Basic earnings per share are computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income (loss) per share is based on the assumption that all dilutive convertible shares and stock options were converted or exercised. Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this method, options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance, if later), and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. Basic and diluted earnings per share were $0.04 and $0.01 for the three month periods ended March 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. F-8 The basic and diluted earnings per share reflected are prior to the 1-for-12 reverse stock split on May 24, 2010. STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 95 (ASC 230), "Statement of Cash Flows," cash flows from the Company's operations is calculated based upon the local currencies. As a result, amounts related to assets and liabilities reported on the statement of cash flows will not necessarily agree with changes in the corresponding balances on the balance sheet. SEGMENT REPORTING Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 131 ("SFAS 131") (ASC 250), "Disclosure about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information" requires use of the "management approach" model for segment reporting. The management approach model is based on the way a company's management organizes segments within the company for making operating decisions and assessing performance. Reportable segments are based on products and services, geography, legal structure, management structure, or any other manner in which management disaggregates a company. The Company allocates its resources and assesses the performance of its sales activities based upon its products and services (see Note 20). RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES The Company is subject to substantial risks from, among other things, intense competition associated with the industry in general, other risks associated with financing, liquidity requirements, rapidly changing customer requirements, limited operating history, foreign currency exchange rates and the volatility of public markets. The Company’s operations are carried out in the PRC. Accordingly, the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations may be influenced by the political, economic and legal environments in the PRC, and by the general state of PRC’s economy. The Company’s business may be influenced by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations, anti-inflationary measures, currency conversion and remittance abroad, and rates and methods of taxation, among other things. As described previously, the Company collectively own and control 100 retail pharmacy outlets, through our ownership of Yongxin Drugstore and its affiliated entities, Jingyongxin Drugstore and Caoantang Drugstore. Yongxin previously owned a direct 100% equity interest in Yongxin Drugstore as a record owner of all of its outstanding share capital. PRC laws and regulations limit foreign ownership of in excess of 49% of the outstanding share capital of PRC entities that operate more than 30 drugstores in China that sell a variety of branded pharmaceutical products sourced from different suppliers. In May 2010, in an effort to comply with PRC regulatory requirements regarding foreign ownership of drugstores in the PRC, and in contemplation of future growth of our Company, we conducted a restructuring of Yongxin’s ownership and control of Yongxin Drugstore (the “Restructuring”) in which we changed the method by which we own Yongxin Drugstore. Specifically, we instituted a “variable interest entity” (“VIE”) structure under which Yongxin is a record holder of 49% of the outstanding share capital of Yongxin Drugstore, and Mr. Yongxin Liu (our CEO and Chairman of the Company’s Board of Directors) and Mr. Yongkui Liu (a Company Vice President and former Company director), each of whom are PRC citizens (collectively, the “PRC Holders”), serve as nominee record holders of the remaining 51% of the share capital of Yongxin Drugstore. In order to retain the Company’s rights and authority to control, operate and manage Yongxin Drugstore and to continue to receive all of the economic benefits of Yongxin Drugstore’s business operations, concurrent with the equity transfers, Yongxin and the PRC Holders also entered into an Entrustment Agreement dated May 17, 2010 (the “Entrustment Agreement”), which effectively grants Yongxin beneficial ownership of the interest attributable to the 51% interest, including but not limited to, the right to exclusively control, operate and manage Yongxin Drugstore, and all of the profits, income, distributions, dividends, compensation, payments, assets property, or other economic benefits from Yongxin Drugstore that the PRC Holders now hold or receive or otherwise become entitled to receive in the future by virtue of their 51% record ownership of Yongxin Drugstore’s share capital. As a result of the rights conferred to Yongxin under the Entrustment Agreement, the Company is considered the primary beneficiary of Yongxin Drugstore and Yongxin Drugstore is deemed our variable interest entity (“VIE”). Further, we consolidate 100% of Yongxin Drugstore’s results of operations, assets and liabilities in our financial statements. Chinese laws and regulations concerning the validity of the contractual arrangements such as the Entrustment Agreement are uncertain, as many of these laws and regulations are relatively new and may be subject to change. Official interpretation and enforcement by the Chinese government involves substantial uncertainty. Additionally, the Entrustment Agreement may not be as effective in providing control over Yongxin Drugstore as direct majority equity interest ownership under the current PRC laws and regulations. Due to such uncertainty, the Entrustment Agreement includes a further assurances provision that allows us to take any additional steps in the future permissible under the then-applicable law to ensure the Company’s complete control over, and the realization of the entirety of all rights and benefits of ownership of Yongxin Drugstore and its assets and business operations, including but not limited to direct ownership of selected assets. F-9 If the Company and/or its PRC subsidiaries are determined to be in violation of any existing or future PRC laws, rules or regulations, including laws applicable to foreign investment in retail pharmacy outlets, or fail to obtain or maintain any of the required governmental permits or approvals, the relevant PRC regulatory authorities would have broad discretion in dealing with such violations, including: The imposition of penalties and/or a restructuring of the Company’s holding structure in order to comply with relevant PRC regulations could severely disrupt the Company’s ability to conduct business and could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations and prospects and also could result in: · revoking the business and operating licenses of the Company’s PRC consolidated entities; · discontinuing or restricting the operations of the Company’s PRC consolidated entities; · imposing conditions or requirements with which the Company or its PRC consolidated entities may not be able to comply; · requiring the Company or its PRC consolidated entities to restructure the relevant ownership structure or operations; · restricting or prohibiting the Company’s use of the proceeds from its financings to fund its business and operations in China; or · imposing fines. CONCENTRATIONS OF CREDIT RISK Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk are cash, accounts receivable and other receivables arising from its normal business activities. The Company places its cash in what it believes to be credit-worthy financial institutions. The Company has a diversified customer base, most of which are in China. The Company controls credit risk related to accounts receivable through credit approvals, credit limits and monitoring procedures. The Company routinely assesses the financial strength of its customers and, based upon factors surrounding the credit risk, establishes an allowance, if required, for uncollectible accounts and, as a consequence, believes that its accounts receivable credit risk exposure beyond such allowance is limited. CONTINGENCIES Certain conditions may exist as of the date the financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company’s management and legal counsel assess such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company’s legal counsel evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought. If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company’s financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potential material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, together with an estimate of the range of possible loss if determinable and material would be disclosed. Loss contingencies considered to be remote by management are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantee would be disclosed. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS In January 2010, FASB issued ASU No. 2010-01- Accounting for Distributions to Shareholders with Components of Stock and Cash. The amendments in this Update clarify that the stock portion of a distribution to shareholders that allows them to elect to receive cash or stock with a potential limitation on the total amount of cash that all shareholders can elect to receive in the aggregate is considered a share issuance that is reflected in the earnings per share prospectively and is not a stock dividend for purposes of applying Topics 505 and 260 (Equity and Earnings Per Share). The amendments in this update are effective for interim and annual periods ending on or after December 15, 2009, and should be applied on a retrospective basis. The adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. F-10 In January 2010, FASB issued ASU No. 2010-02 – Accounting and Reporting for Decreases in Ownership of a Subsidiary – a Scope Clarification. The amendments in this Update affect accounting and reporting by an entity that experiences a decrease in ownership in a subsidiary that is a business or nonprofit activity. The amendments also affect accounting and reporting by an entity that exchanges a group of assets that constitutes a business or nonprofit activity for an equity interest in another entity. The amendments in this update are effective beginning in the period that an entity adopts SFAS No. 160, “Non-controlling Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements – An Amendment of ARB No. 51.” If an entity has previously adopted SFAS No. 160 as of the date the amendments in this update are included in the Accounting Standards Codification, the amendments in this update are effective beginning in the first interim or annual reporting period ending on or after December 15, 2009. The amendments in this update should be applied retrospectively to the first period that an entity adopted SFAS No. 160. The adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements. In January 2010, FASB issued ASU No. 2010-06 – Improving Disclosures about Fair Value Measurements. This update provides amendments to Subtopic 820-10 that requires new disclosure as follows: 1) Transfers in and out of Levels 1 and 2. A reporting entity should disclose separately the amounts of significant transfers in and out of Level 1 and Level 2 fair value measurements and describe the reasons for the transfers. 2) Activity in Level 3 fair value measurements. In the reconciliation for fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3), a reporting entity should present separately information about purchases, sales, issuances, and settlements (that is, on a gross basis rather than as one net number). This update provides amendments to Subtopic 820-10 that clarifies existing disclosures as follows: 1) Level of disaggregation. A reporting entity should provide fair value measurement disclosures for each class of assets and liabilities. A class is often a subset of assets or liabilities within a line item in the statement of financial position. A reporting entity needs to use judgment in determining the appropriate classes of assets and liabilities. 2) Disclosures about inputs and valuation techniques. A reporting entity should provide disclosures about the valuation techniques and inputs used to measure fair value for both recurring and nonrecurring fair value measurements. Those disclosures are required for fair value measurements that fall in either Level 2 or Level 3. The new disclosures and clarifications of existing disclosures are effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2009, except for the disclosures about purchases, sales, issuances, and settlements in the roll forward of activity in Level 3 fair value measurements. These disclosures are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2010, and for interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU, however, the Company expects the adoption of this ASU will have no material impact on its consolidated financial statements. In February 2010, FASB issued ASU No. 2010-9 Subsequent Events (Topic 855) – Amendments to Certain Recognition and Disclosure Requirements. This update addresses certain implementation issues related to an entity’s requirement to perform and disclose subsequent-events procedures, removes the requirement that public companies disclose the date of their financial statements in both issued and revised financial statements. According to the FASB, the revised statements include those that have been changed to correct an error or conform to a retrospective application of U.S. GAAP. The amendments were effective upon issuance of the update, except for the use of the issued date for conduit debt obligors. Such amendment is effective for interim or annual periods ending after June 15, 2010. The adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements. In March 2010, FASB issued ASU No. 2010-10 –Amendments for Certain Investment Funds. This update defers the effective date of the amendments to the consolidation requirements made by FASB Statement 167 to a reporting entity’s interest in certain types of entities. The deferral will mainly impact the evaluation of reporting enterprises’ interests in mutual funds, private equity funds, hedge funds, real estate investment entities that measure their investment at fair value, real estate investment trusts, and venture capital funds. The ASU also clarifies guidance in Statement 167 that addresses whether fee arrangements represent a variable interest for all service providers and decision makers. The ASU is effective for interim and annual reporting periods in fiscal year beginning after November 15, 2009. The adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements. In March 2010, FASB issued ASU No. 2010-11 –Scope Exception Related to Embedded Credit Derivatives. Embedded credit-derivative features related only to the transfer of credit risk in the form of subordination of one financial instrument to another are not subject to potential bifurcation and separate accounting as clarified by recently issued FASB guidance. Other embedded credit-derivative features are required to be analyzed to determine whether they must be accounted for separately. This update provides guidance on whether embedded credit-derivative features in financial instruments issued by structures such as collateralized debt obligations (CDOs) and synthetic CDOs are subject to bifurcation and separate accounting. The guidance is effective at the beginning of a company’s first fiscal quarter beginning after June 15, 2010. The Company expects the adoption of this ASU will have no material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements. F-11 NOTE 3 –OTHER RECEIVABLE Other receivables as of March 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009 are summarized as follows. The receivables are interest free, unsecured, and due on demand. March 31, 2010 December 31, 2009 Advance to employees $ 42,675 $ 26,493 Advances to store employees 339,474 15,037 Rent receivable 26,406 19,218 Deposits 54,035 765,925 Sponsorship from customers 906,750 987,174 Others 33,130 57,237 Total $ 1,402,470 $ 1,931,084 NOTE 4 – PREPAID EXPENSES The balance of Company prepaid expenses as of March 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009 comprised of the following: March 31, 2010 December 31, 2009 Prepaid rent $ - $ 18,087 Rent 228,241 489,156 Other prepaid expenses 42,172 27,525 Prepaid debt issue costs 115,519 - Total $ 385,932 $ 534,769 NOTE 5 - INVENTORIES As of March 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, inventory consisted of the following: March 31, 2010 December 31, 2009 Packaging Materials $ 34,337 $ 200,007 Finished Goods 7,734,888 7,611,621 Total inventory $ 7,769,226 $ 7,811,628 NOTE 6 - PROPERTIES AND EQUIPMENT As of March 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, the property and equipment of the Company consisted of the following: March 31, 2010 December 31, 2009 Office furniture and fixtures $ 937,991 $ 930,962 Vehicles 386,994 392,557 Buildings 8,510,942 8,629,014 Construction in progress 1,595 1,551 Total property and equipment 9,837,522 9,953.784 Less: Accumulated depreciation (1,363,556 ) (1,200,420 ) Net value of property and equipment $ 8,473,966 $ 8,753,364 The Company had depreciation expense of $150,619 and $74,195 for the three month periods ended March 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively. F-12 NOTE 7- INTANGIBLE ASSETS As of March 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, the intangible assets of the Company consisted of the following: March 31, 2010 December 31, 2009 Software $ 1,104,507 $ 1,102,893 Total intangible assets 1,104,507 1,102,893 Less: Accumulated amortization (143,880 ) (115,561 ) Net value of intangible assets $ 960,627 $ 987,332 The amortization expense for the three month periods ended March 31, 2010 and 2009 amounted to $28,319 and $12,237, respectively. The amortization expenses for intangible assets for next five years after March 31, 2010 are as follows: March 31, 2011 $ 32,797 March 31, 2012 31,845 March 31, 2013 29,411 March 31, 2014 27,050 March 31, 2015 25,047 Total $ 146,151 NOTE 8 - ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER PAYABLE The other payable represents the deposits made by the sales representatives and sales distributors for the right to sell products for the Company. Other payables and accrued expenses consist of the following as of March 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009: March 31, 2010 December 31, 2009 Accrued compensation $ 336,155 $ 1,091,299 Accrued rent expense 152,381 124,874 Accrued professional fees 256,268 86,026 Accrued litigation 988,221 987,515 Accrued interest 6,060 8,133 Accrued payable 2,020,819 2,539,032 Other accrued expense - 112,151 Sales agent deposits 79,022 113,265 Other payable 167,386 108,491 $ 4,006,311 $ 5,170,786 NOTE 9 - ADVANCE FROM CUSTOMERS The advances from customers, which amounted to $2,004,924 and $2,055,602, respectively, as of March 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, represent the deposits made by customers to purchase inventory from the Company. NOTE 10 - DEFERRED INCOME A portion of the Company’s net revenue is derived directly from government-sponsored healthcare programs, and the Company is therefore subject to government regulations on reimbursement on the sales made through the healthcare programs. The Jilin Province Social Insurance Bureau and Changchun City Insurance Bureau reimburse 90% of the sales that the Company’s pharmacy retail stores made through the healthcare program networks in the following month, and retain 10% of the sales until the following year. The amount will be repaid proportionally based on the level of evaluation made by the Insurance Bureaus in the following year. The Company classified 10% of the sales made through the healthcare program networks as deferred income as the collectability of these sales is uncertain. As of March 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, the Company had deferred income of $110,609 and $419,277, respectively. F-13 NOTE 11 - SHARES TO BE ISSUED The Company classifies all amounts, against which shares have not been issued, as shares to be issued. Once the Company issues shares, the amounts are classified as Common stock. As of March 31, 2010, the Company has a total 500,000 shares to be issued with a balance of $35,000 pursuant to an agreement with a software consultant entered into by the Company in 2005. During the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company entered into an agreement with an investor relations firm for services. The term of services is one year and the Company is obligated to issue 600,000 shares to the investor relations firms. As of March 31, 2010, only 300,000 shares were issued to the investor relations firm and the balance is still to be issued. The Company has recorded the fair market value of the 300,000 shares of $36,000 as shares to be issued. NOTE 12 -TAXES PAYABLE Tax payable comprised of the following taxes as of March 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009: March 31, 2010 December 31, 2009 VAT $ 12,715 $ 7,874 Business Tax 94,785 94,785 City Construction Tax 6,635 6,658 Education Tax 5,346 5,356 Income Tax 649,690 1,305,906 Others 748 855 Total $ 769,919 $ 1,421,434 The Company is registered in the State of Delaware and has operations in primarily two tax jurisdictions; the PRC and the United States. For certain operations in the U.S., the Company has incurred net accumulated operating losses for income tax purposes. The Company believes that it is more likely than not that these net accumulated operating losses will not be utilized in the future. Therefore, the Company has provided full valuation allowance for the deferred tax assets arising from the losses at these locations as of March 31, 2010. Accordingly, the Company has no net deferred tax assets. The provision for income taxes from continuing operations on income consists of the following as of March 31, 2010 and 2009: March 31, 2010 March 31, 2009 Current income tax expense US Federal $ - $ - US State - - PRC current income tax expense 290,816 204,765 Total Provision for Income Tax $ 290,816 $ 204,765 The following is a reconciliation of the provision for income taxes at the U.S. federal income tax rate to the income taxes reflected in the Statement of Operations: March 31, 2010 March 31, 2009 Tax expense (credit) at statutory rate - federal 34 % 34 % State tax expense net of federal tax 6 % 6 % Changes in valuation allowance (40 )% (40 )% Foreign income tax - PRC 25 % 25 % Exempt from income tax - - Temporary difference 0.24 % 3 % Tax expense at actual rate 25 % 28 % United States of America The Company has significant income tax net operating losses (“NOL”) carried forward from prior years. Due to the change in ownership of more than fifty percent, the amount of NOL which may be used in any one year will be subject to a restriction under section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. Due to the uncertainty of the realizability of the related deferred tax assets of $4,473,105, a reserve equal to the amount of deferred income taxes has been established at March 31, 2010. F-14 People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) Pursuant to the PRC Income Tax Laws, the Company's subsidiary is generally subject to Enterprise Income Taxes ("EIT") at a statutory rate of 25%. The following table sets forth the significant components of the provision for income taxes for operation in PRC as of March 31, 2010 and 2009. 2010 2009 Net taxable income $ 1,162,252 $ 867,307 Income tax @ 25.24% and 28% $ 290,816 $ 204,765 NOTE 13 - SHORT-TERM LOANS PAYABLE The loans payable at March 31, 2010 comprised of the following: March 31, 2010 December 31, 2009 Loan payable to Jilin Bank, interest at 4.86% annually, due by August 10, 2010 (Note a) $ 481,176 $ - Loan payable to Jilin Bank, interest at 4.86% annually, due by June 10, 2010 (Note b) 410,137 - Loan payable to a non-related party, interest at 1.5% annually, unsecured, due by December 31, 2009 115,708 237,146 Loan payable to Jilin Bank, interest at 6.9% annually, due by January 22, 2010 - 733,500 Various loans, interest free, unsecured and due on demand - 130,238 Loan payable to Runfeng Agriculture Credit Union, annual interest at 80% over bank stated rate, secured by personal properties of a significant stockholder of the Company, due by January 26, 2011 1,320,300 - Total $ 2,327,321 $ 1,100,884 (a) As of March 31, 2010, short-term borrowings, amounting to $481,176, were pledged by accounts receivable, amounting to $601,470 at interest rates of approximately 4.86%, maturing by August 10, 2010. (b) As of March 31, 2010, short-term borrowings, amounting to $410,137, were pledged by accounts receivable, amounting to $512,671 at interest rates of approximately 4.86%, maturing by June 10, 2010. NOTE 14 - LONG-TERM LOAN PAYABLE The Company had long term loans payable amounting to $0 and $1,320,300 as of March 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, respectively. The loans are secured by personal properties of a significant stockholder of the Company. The loans payable at March 31, 2010 and December 31, 2010 comprised of the following: March 31, 2010 December 31, 2009 Loan payable to Runfeng Agriculture Credit Union, annual interest at 80% over bank stated rate, due by January 26, 2011 - $ 1,320,300 The long term loan payable was reclassified to short term loan payable as of March 31, 2010. F-15 NOTE 15 - CONVERTIBLE NOTE PAYABLE On January 25, 2010, the Company consummated a private placement of its equity securities with certain accredited investors pursuant to a Subscription Agreement for total consideration of $700,000. The Company issued to the investors secured convertible notes with a two year term, bearing 10% interest per annum, convertible into common stock of the Company at a conversion price of $0.20 per share, which is subject to adjustment for stock splits, recapitalizations and other similar events, and will also be adjusted on a full-ratchet basis to equal the price per share of any subsequent financing. The notes are secured by a first priority interest in all current and future assets of the Company, which will be cancelled upon repayment of the notes or upon conversion of at least 50% of the principal amount of the notes into shares of Company common stock. The notes, may be redeemed, by the Company, at any time for 110% of outstanding principal and interest. The note investors also received, as a part of the financing, warrants for the purchase of up to 3.5 million shares of the Company’s common stock with an exercise price $0.50 per share (subject to adjustment for stock splits, recapitalizations and other similar events) exercisable for a period of three years. The Company will use the proceeds of the financing for the payment of auditing expenses, legal fees, operating expenses, supplies, and general working capital. The notes were convertible into an aggregate of 3.5 million shares. The relative fair value of the warrants using the Black Scholes method assuming a volatility of the stock of 197.3%, term of three years and a discount of 1.75% was determined to be $418,783 and was recorded as debt discount, a reduction of the carrying amount of the debt. The relative fair value of the beneficial conversion feature of the notes was determined to be $281,217 and also recorded as a debt discount. Using the effective interest method the beneficial conversion feature and the value of the warrants will be amortized over the 36 months term of the note and charged to interest expense. In the three month period ended March 31, 2010 $58,333 was expensed. The Company further incurred broker fees of $56,000 cash and 105,000 warrants having fair market value of $50,037, which is recorded as prepaid debt issue cost and is being amortized over the term of the note. In the three month period ended March 31, 2010, $8,836 was expensed as a general expense. On March 4, 2010, the Company consummated a private placement of its equity securities with certain accredited investors pursuant to a Subscription Agreement for total consideration of $125,000. The Company issued to the investors secured convertible notes with a two year term, bearing 10% interest per annum, convertible into common stock of the Company at a conversion price of $0.20 per share, which is subject to adjustment for stock splits, recapitalizations and other similar events, and will also be adjusted on a full-ratchet basis to equal the price per share of any subsequent financing. The notes are secured by pledged stock, and by a first priority interest in all current and future assets of the Company, which will be cancelled upon repayment of the notes or upon conversion of at least 50% of the principal amount of the notes into shares of Company common stock. The notes may be redeemed by the Company at any time for 110% of outstanding principal and interest. The note investors also received, as a part of the financing, warrants for the purchase of up to 625,000 shares of our common stock with an exercise price $0.50 per share (subject to adjustment for stock splits, recapitalizations and other similar events) exercisable for a period of three years. The notes were convertible into an aggregate of 625,000 shares. The relative fair value of the warrants using the Black Scholes method assuming a volatility of the stock of 197.3%, term of three years and a discount of 1.75% was determined to be $74,456 and was recorded as debt discount, a reduction of the carrying amount of the debt. The relative fair value of the beneficial conversion feature of the notes was determined to be $50,544 and also recorded as a debt discount. Using the effective interest method the beneficial conversion feature and the value of the warrants will be amortized over the 36 months term of the note and charged to interest expense. In the three month period ended March 31, 2010 $5,208 was expensed. The Company further incurred broker fees of $10,000 cash and 18,750 warrants having fair market value of $9,115, which is recorded as prepaid debt issue cost and is being amortized over the term of the note. In the three month period ended March 31, 2010, $796 was expensed as a general expense. The number of shares and share prices reflected in Note 15 are prior to the 1-for-12 reverse stock split on May 24, 2010. NOTE 16 - LOANS FROM RELATED PARTIES As of March 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, the loans from related parties were comprised of the following: March 31, 2010 December 31, 2009 Loans payable to ex-officers, interest free, due on demand, and unsecured $ - $ 184,662 Total $ - $ 184,662 NOTE 17 - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible over a 3 year period, into up to 30 million shares of common stock. In particular, the holder of any shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shall have the right, at its option, to convert, any each share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock into six (6) fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock. The conversion formula is conditioned on the Company earning no less than $3 million of net income in for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2007; $4 million of net income in the fiscal year ending December 31, 2008 and $5 million of net income in the fiscal year ending December 31, 2009. In the event that in any of the three fiscal years, the Company earns less than required net income amounts for conversion, then the conversion right shall be proportionately reduced by the amount of the shortfall below the required net income amount, with the "catch-up" right to convert additional shares to the extent that the net income exceeds $3 million; $4 million and $5 million respectively in each of the three consecutive years. In no event shall this conversion right allow for the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock into more than 6 common shares for each share of Series A Preferred Stock over the course of the aforementioned three calendar years. The net income requirements shall be based upon an audit of the revenues for each fiscal year. All conversions shall be made within 30 days of the completion of such audit. During the year ended March 31, 2010, holders of 3,333,333 preferred shares opted to convert the preferred shares into 20,000,000 common shares. F-16 As of March 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, the Company had 57,348,923 and 56,448,923 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. During the three month period ended March 31, 2010, the Company issued 200,000 shares each to two ex-officer for settlement of a litigation with one ex-officer and for settlement of debt with the other. The shares were valued at the fair market of the shares of $226,000 on the date of settlement. During the three month period ended March 31, 2010, the Company issued 500,000 shares for a litigation settlement. The shares were valued at the fair market of the shares of $255,000 on the date of settlement. During the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with an investor relations firm to provide investor relations and public relations services. The agreement is for a period of 1 year and the Company agreed to issue 300,000 shares of restricted common stock and 300,000 shares under the warrants at exercise prices ranging from $1 per share to $2 per share, to the investor relations firm. The Company valued the shares at the fair market value of $30,000 and expensed $25,000 during the year ended December 31, 2009 in the consolidated financial statements. The balance $5,000 were expensed during the three month period ended March 31, 2010. During the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with an investor relations firm to provide investor relations and public relations services. The agreement is for a period of 1 year and the Company agreed to issue 600,000 shares of restricted common stock to the investor relation firm. The Company valued the shares at the fair market value of $72,000 and expensed $66,000 during the year ended December 31, 2009 in the consolidated financial statements. The balance amount of $6,000 was expensed during the three month period ended March 31, 2010. As of March 31, 2010, 300,000 of such shares are still not issued and are included in the shares to be issued. On September 25, 2009, the Company closed a private placement of its equity securities. We issued a total of 3,338,383 shares of our common stock, restricted in accordance with Rule 144, to 157 accredited investors, for total consideration of $467,369. In addition, we issued to the investors warrants to acquire another 3,338,385 shares of our common stock at $0.35 per share, exercisable for a period of three years. In relation to this private placement, the Company also issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock and paid $35,000 cash. The warrants granted to the investors were valued using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. During the year ended December 31, 2009, holders of 3,333,333 preferred shares opted to convert the preferred shares into 20,000,000 common shares. As of October 30, 2008, the Company sold 108,695 shares to an unrelated party for $50,000. The amount was received directly by the related party, and the Company shows a receivable from the related party for such amount. The related party receivable is interest free, due on demand, unsecured and has been reflected in the equity section in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The number of shares and share prices reflected in Note 17 are prior to the 1-for-12 reverse stock split on May 24, 2010. NOTE 18 – WARRANTS Following is a summary of the warrant activity for the period ended March 31, 2010: Outstanding, December 31, 2009 5,188,385 Granted 4,248,750 Expired - Exercised - Outstanding, March 31, 2010 9,437,135 F-17 Following is a summary of the status of warrants outstanding at March 31, 2010: Outstanding Warrants Exercisable Warrants Exercise Price Number of Warrant Shares Average Remaining Contractual Life Average Exercise Price Number of Warrant Shares Intrinsic Value $0.5 - $4 9,437,135 2.72 $ 0.55 9,437,135 1,649,585 The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of options granted using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model are as follows: The warrants for the purchase of 4,248,750 shares granted during the three month period ended March 31, 2010: Risk-free interest rate 1.75 % Expected life of the warrants 3 years Expected volatility 197.3 % Expected dividend yield 0 During the three month period ended March 31, 2010, the Company entered into two subscription agreements with investors for private placement of equity securities. The Company issued note payables with warrants for 3.5 million shares and warrants for 625,000 shares attached to them (See Note 15). The Company also granted warrants for 105,000 shares and warrants for 18,750 shares as broker’s fees. The Black-Scholes fair market value of $50,037 and $9,115 of the warrants was calculated using the above assumptions and is being amortized over the term of the notes. During the three month period ended March 31, 2010, the Company amortized $4,170 and $380 as general expense. During the year ended December 31, 2009 the Company granted warrants for 300,000 shares at exercise prices ranging from $1 per share to $2 per share, to an investor relation firm. The Black-Scholes fair market value of the warrants was $28,439. The Company recorded an expense of $23,699 during the year ended December 31, 2009 in the consolidated financial statements for the warrants. The balance amount of $4,740 was recorded as expense during the three month period ended March 31, 2010. On September 25, 2009, the Company closed a private placement of our equity securities. We issued a total of 3,338,385 shares of our common stock, restricted in accordance with Rule 144, to 157 accredited investors, for total consideration of $467,369. In addition, we issued to the investors warrants to acquire another 3,338,385 shares of our common stock at $0.35 per share, exercisable for a period of three years. The fair market value of the warrants was calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and was netted against the net proceeds of the private placement. The number of shares and share prices reflected in Note 18 are prior to the 1-for-12 reverse stock split on May 24, 2010. NOTE 19 – COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Leases The Company leases its operating locations. Initial terms are typically 5 to 10 years, followed by additional terms containing priority of renewal options at the maturity of the lease agreements, and may include rent escalation clauses. The Company recognizes rent expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Minimum rental commitments at March 31, 2010, under all leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable term of more than one year are shown: 2010 $ 1,058,624 2011 959,800 2012 306,110 2013 82,426 2014 17,853 Total minimum lease payments $ 2,424,813 The Company subleases its building to an unrelated company. The lease term is one year. F-18 Legal proceedings On or about October 17, 2008, a former officer initiated an action in the Superior Court for the State of California, County of Los Angeles, Central District, against the Company alleging claims for damages related to an alleged employment agreement. On December 29, 2008, the Company filed an Answer to the Complaint. The Company strongly disputed the claims and diligently defended against them. The Company was defending itself against claims for open account and intentional misrepresentation. The Plaintiff sought past due attorneys’ fees for services rendered in the amount of $193,100. The case was settled in October, 2009 for $50,000 cash and 400,000 shares of common stock. The court also ordered interest at the rate of 10% on $50,000 from June 20, 2009 until the date the amount is paid off. The Company accrued an aggregate sum of $127,397 for the cash to be paid and for the fair market value of the shares to be issued. The Company paid $52,500 in cash and issued 200,000 shares of common stock to the former officer, valued at $102,000 for the settlement of debt, during the three month period ended March 31, 2010. The Company was also involved in an ongoing legal proceeding filed in Orange County Superior Court on or about November 9, 2004. In this action, the Cross-Complainant, Terry Koosed, sought to amend a $219,000 judgment he obtained to include a subsidiary of the predecessor-in-interest of the Company, which was not named or a participant in such lawsuit. The Company strongly disputed the lawsuit and aggressively defended such action. The Company accrued $219,000 in the accompanying financials statements. The Company paid $35,000 in cash and 500,000 shares valued at $255,000 for the settlement of the case during the three month period ended March 31, 2010. A former employee of the Company, the plaintiff, brought a lawsuit against the Company seeking unpaid wages, bonuses, benefits, penalties and interest. The case went into trial in November 2009 and the trial court thereafter issued a judgment for plaintiff for $641,018. The Company accrued the amount in 2009. The court entered a revised judgment in the amount of $746,487 against the Company on April 20, 2010 to reflect attorney fees. As of March 31, 2010, the Company has not paid the judgment amount and the revised judgment amount has been accrued in the accompanying financials as accrued litigation. On or about March 10, 2009, a former employee of the Company, the plaintiff, brought a lawsuit against the Company seeking unpaid wages that accrued during his employment from 2005 to 2008 as well as penalties, interest and attorney fees. The Company and the former employee entered into a stipulation on May 10, 2010 in the amount of $241,733. The Company accrued the amount in the accompanying financials as accrued litigation as of March 31, 2010. The number of shares and share prices reflected in Note 19 are prior to the 1-for-12 reverse stock split on May 24, 2010. NOTE 20 – SEGMENT INFORMATION The Company operates in two business segments: retail drug stores and pharmaceutical medicine wholesales sales. These segments were identified based on their separate and distinct products and services, technology, marketing strategies and management reporting. Management evaluates the segments’ operating performance separately and allocates resources based on their respective financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Inter-segment transactions and balances are eliminated in consolidation. The retail drug store segment is complemented by such core front-end categories as over-the-counter medications, health and nutritional products, cosmetics and other items. As of March 31, 2010, the retail drug store segment operated 79 retail stores with business area of 9,834 square meters in three cities in China. The pharmaceutical medicine wholesales segment, operated through Yongxin, provides logistics wholesale distribution of over-the-counter and prescribed medicines to hospitals, clinics, medical institutions and retail drug stores. F-19 The following table summarizes significant financial information by segment: For The Three- Month Period ended March 31, 2010 For The Three- Month Period ended March 31, 2009 Revenues from unaffiliated customers: Retail drug stores 3,985,119 3,340,750 Pharmaceutical medicine wholesales 7,686,995 7,191,687 Unallocated Revenues from inter-company sales (992,649 ) (1,347,443 ) Consolidated Totals 10,679,465 9,184,994 Net income: Retail drug stores 517,956 191,978 Pharmacy wholesales 456,054 497,512 Unallocated 1,402,047 (141,566 ) Net income from inter-company (25,077 ) (26,947 ) Consolidated Totals 2,350,980 520,977 Depreciation and amortization: Retail drug stores 54,960 30,424 Pharmacy wholesales 123,978 54,612 Unallocated - - Consolidated Totals 178,938 85,036 Interest income: Retail drug stores 764 721 Pharmacy wholesales 2,016 1,920 Unallocated 142 112 Consolidated Totals 2,921 2,753 Interest expense: Retail drug stores - - Pharmacy wholesales 40,909 8,302 Unallocated 12,308 2,925 Consolidated Totals 53,617 11,227 Capital expenditures: Retail drug stores - 234,293 Pharmacy wholesales - 28,008 Unallocated - - Consolidated Totals - 262,301 Identifiable assets: Retail drug stores 9,930,274 9,069,536 Pharmacy wholesales 32,703,384 23,276,911 Unallocated 186,108 7,664 Consolidated Totals 42,819,766 32,354,111 NOTE 21 – STATUTORY RESERVE As stipulated by the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (PRC), net income after taxation can only be distributed as dividends after appropriation has been made for the following: i. Making up cumulative prior years’ losses, if any; ii. Allocations to the “Statutory Surplus Reserve” of at least 10% of income after tax, as determined under PRC accounting rules and regulations, until the fund amounts to 50% of the Company’s registered capital; and iii. Allocations to the discretionary surplus reserve, if approved in the stockholders’ general meeting. NOTE 22 - DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS On September 30, 2005, Software Education of America, Inc., subsidiary of Nutradyne, filed a petition in bankruptcy under Chapter 7 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. The petition was necessitated because SEA was unable to continue to meet its financial obligations. SEA is presented in the accompanying financial statements as discontinued operations. In November 2009, a subsidiary of the Company, Jilin Dingjian Natural Health Products Co., Ltd, entered into an agreement (the “Agreement”) with Sun Shi Wei, an individual, to transfer 90% of ownership with all its assets and liabilities to Sun Shi Wei. The 10% minority interest remained unchanged. Both parties agreed that Sun Shi Wei assumed the net liability. No other consideration was exchanged. The Agreement also indicated that the Company would be liable for any undiscovered liability. Since the buyer assumed all liabilities, the Company recorded a gain from disposal of assets and liabilities at November 30, 2009. Jilin Dingjian Natural Health Products Co., Ltd is presented in the accompanying financial statements as discontinued operations. F-20 Balance Sheet information for the discontinued subsidiaries as of March 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009 is as follows: March 31, 2010 December 31, 2009 Assets: Cash $ - $ - Accounts receivables, net - Other receivables - - Prepaid expenses - - Inventory - - Total current assets - - Property, Plant & Equipment, net - - Intangible Assets, net - - Total assets $ - $ - Liabilities: Accounts payable $ - $ 227,590 Accrued expenses 58,753 238,581 Loans payable - 162,666 Total liabilities $ 58,753 $ 628,837 Net liabilities of discontinued operations $ 58,753 $ 628,837 On March 1, 2010, the Company sold its digital e-learning business including its wholly-owned subsidiary, Digital Learning Institute Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Digital Learning”); and (i) Digital Learning’s wholly-owned subsidiary Software Education of America, Inc., a California corporation; (ii) Digital Learning’s wholly-owned subsidiary McKinley Educational Services, Inc., a California corporation; (iii) Digital Learning’s wholly-owned subsidiary Digital Knowledge Works, Inc., a Delaware corporation; and (iv) Digital Learning’s wholly-owned subsidiary Coursemate, Inc., a California corporation (referred to collectively herein as the "Digital E-learning Business"). Since the acquirer assumed all liabilities associated with the Digital E-learning Business, the Company recorded a gain of $1,889,800. The following are the assets and liabilities of the disposed entities: Amount Accounts payable $ 728,754 Accrued expenses 435,469 Due to related party 140,456 Loan payable 130,238 Other liabilities 434,883 Current liabilities, total 1,869,800 Net liability disposed (1,869,800 ) Addition cash received 20,000 Gain on disposal of subsidiaries $ 1,889,800 F-21 NOTE 23 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS On April 9, 2010, the Company consummated a private placement of its equity securities with certain non-U.S. investors pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement for total consideration of $1,178,100. The Company issued to the investors an aggregate 5,890,500 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the “Common Stock”) at a price of $0.20 per share. The investors also received, as a part of the financing, warrants for the purchase of up to an aggregate 5,890,500 shares of our Common Stock at an exercise price $0.50 per share (subject to adjustment for stock splits, recapitalizations and other similar events) exercisable for a period of two years. The Company will use the proceeds of this financing for the payment of auditing expenses, legal fees, operating expenses, supplies, and general working capital. The securities were offered and issued in reliance upon an exemption from registration pursuant to Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). We completed the offering pursuant to Rule 903 of Regulation S of the Act on the basis that the sale of the securities was completed in an “offshore transaction”, as defined in Rule 902(h) of Regulation S. We did not engage in any directed selling efforts, as defined in Regulation S, in the United States in connection with the sale of the securities. The investors represented to us that they were not U.S. persons, as defined in Regulation S, and were not acquiring the securities for the account or benefit of a U.S. person. The Securities Purchase Agreements executed between us and the investors included statements that the securities had not been registered pursuant to the Act and that the securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless the securities are registered under the Act or pursuant to an exemption from the Act. The investors agreed by execution of the Securities Purchase Agreements for the securities: (i) to resell the securities purchased only in accordance with the provisions of Regulation S, pursuant to registration under the Act or pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Act; (ii) that the Company is required to refuse to register any sale of the securities purchased unless the transfer is in accordance with the provisions of Regulation S, pursuant to registration under the Act or pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Act; and (iii) not to engage in hedging transactions with regards to the securities purchased unless in compliance with the Act. All securities issued were endorsed with a restrictive legend confirming that the securities have not been registered under the Act and could not be resold without registration under the Act or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Act. The foregoing summary descriptions do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement and Warrant. On April 21, 2010, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment with Delaware’s Division of Corporations to amend and restate our Certificate of Incorporation (the “Restated Certificate of Incorporation”). The revisions in the Restated Certificate of Incorporation included the following: (a) an increase in the Company’s authorized shares of Common Stock from 75,000,000 to 100,000,000 shares; (b) a decrease in the authorized number of shares of both our preferred stock and our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock from 5,000,000 shares to 1,666,667 shares; and (c) additional amendments including changes to the rights of the holders of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock which included an increase in the number of votes that each share of Series A Preferred Stock is entitled to vote when voting with the common stockholders as a single class which was increased from six (6) to twenty-five (25). As described in the Definitive Information Statement that we filed with the SEC on February 22, 2010 and which we mailed to our stockholders on or about February 24, 2010, our board of directors approved the Restated Certificate of Incorporation by unanimous written consent on February 8, 2010. Further, on February 8, 2010, the holders of a majority of our voting capital stock held by holders of Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock, voting as a single class, and holders of a majority of our Series A Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class, each approved the Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the adoption thereof. On May 3, 2010, the Company consummated a subsequent third closing of its private placement of its equity securities with certain accredited investors pursuant to a Subscription Agreement for total consideration of $250,000 (the “Third Closing”). The Company issued to the investors secured convertible notes with a two year term, bearing 10% interest per annum, convertible into common stock of the Company at a conversion price of $0.20 per share, which is subject to adjustment for stock splits, recapitalizations and other similar events, and will also be adjusted on a full-ratchet basis to equal the price per share of any subsequent financing. The notes are secured by a first priority interest in all current and future assets of the Company, which will be cancelled upon repayment of the notes or upon conversion of at least 50% of the principal amount of the notes into shares of Company common stock. The notes may be redeemed by the Company at any time for 110% of outstanding principal and interest. The note investors also received, as a part of the financing, warrants for the purchase of up to 1.25 million shares of our common stock with an exercise price $0.50 per share (subject to adjustment for stock splits, recapitalizations and other similar events) exercisable for a period of three years. The Company will use the proceeds of the financing for the payment of auditing expenses, legal fees, operating expenses, supplies, and general working capital. The issuance of these securities was exempt from registration pursuant to Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933. The Company previously consummated an initial closing of its private placement of its equity securities on January 25, 2010 in the amount of $700,000 (the “First Closing”) and a second closing of its private placement of its equity securities on March 4, 2010 in the amount of $125,000 (the “Second Closing”) with certain accredited investors pursuant to the Subscription Agreement. On May 24, 2010, the Company effectuated a reverse stock split with a ratio of 1-for-12, whereby each twelve (12) issued and outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share (“Common Stock”) was combined into one (1) share of Common Stock (the “Reverse Split”), pursuant to the Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation that the Company filed with the State of Delaware’s Secretary of State (“Certificate of Amendment”). Effective May 26, 2010 (“Effective Date”), the Company’s Common Stock commenced trading under a new OTC Bulletin Board trading symbol, “CYXND,” the new trading symbol assigned by Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) in connection with the approval of the Reverse Split. The Company’s trading symbol will revert to “CYXN” within 20 business days of the Effective Date. The Company’s Common Stock, on a split-adjusted basis, has a new CUSIP number of 16946Y 207. The number of shares and share prices reflected in Note 23 are prior to the 1-for-12 reverse stock split on May 24, 2010. F-22 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders China Yongxin Pharmaceuticals Inc. We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of China Yongxin Pharmaceuticals Inc. and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for the years then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of China Yongxin Pharmaceuticals Inc. and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, and the results of its consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity, and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. /s/ KABANI & COMPANY, INC. CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS Los Angeles, California March 30, 2010 F-23 CHINA YONGXIN PHARMACEUTICALS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 2009 2008 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,805,271 $ 600,432 Restricted cash 467,369 - Accounts receivable, net 12,305,103 6,027,340 Notes receivable 903,867 1,334,078 Other receivable, net 1,931,084 351,488 Advances to suppliers 5,056,246 6,185,388 Prepaid expenses 534,769 342,441 Inventory, net 7,811,628 7,713,209 Due from related party 1,199,628 - Current assets of discontinued operations - 173,201 Total Current Assets 32,014,966 22,727,579 Property and Equipment, net 8,751,813 2,673,909 Construction In Progress 1,551 6,066,249 Intangible Assets, net 987,332 72,680 Non-current assets of Discontinued Operations - 7,305 Total Assets $ 41,755,662 $ 31,547,722 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current Liabilities: Accounts payable $ 4,151,219 $ 3,171,826 Accrued expenses & other payable 5,170,786 2,406,602 Advances from customers 2,055,602 2,579,997 Taxes payable 1,421,434 1,245,649 Loans from related parties 184,662 184,662 Short-term loan payable 1,100,884 1,945,179 Deferred income 419,277 273,753 Shares to be issued 65,000 35,000 Liabilities of discontinued operations 628,837 735,289 Total Current Liabilities 15,197,700 12,577,957 Long term loan 1,320,300 1,320,390 Commitments and Contingencies - - Stockholders' Equity: Preferred stock, $0.001 par value; 5,000,000 shares authorized; 1,666,667 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2009 and 5,000,000 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2008 1,667 5,000 Common stock; $0.001 par value; 75,000,000 shares authorized; 56,448,923 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2009 and 31,400,540 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2008 56,449 31,401 Additional paid in capital 1,165,899 615,906 Deferred consulting expense - issuance of warrants (4,740 ) (72,815 ) Prepaid consulting - issuance of shares (5,000 ) (68,750 ) Receivable from a related party (50,000 ) (50,000 ) Statutory reserve 2,630,329 1,841,241 Other comprehensive income 1,807,859 1,684,649 Retained earnings 13,920,649 9,563,803 Non-controlling interest 5,714,550 4,098,940 Total Stockholders' Equity 25,237,662 17,649,375 Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity $ 41,755,662 $ 31,547,722 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements F-24 CHINA YONGXIN PHARMACEUTICALS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 2009 2008 Net Revenues $ 47,589,280 $ 59,116,534 Cost of Goods Sold (31,271,463 ) (47,226,275 ) Gross profit 16,317,817 11,890,259 Operating Expenses: Selling expenses 3,543,383 3,521,147 General and administrative expenses 3,575,059 2,500,366 Total operating expenses 7,118,442 6,021,513 Income From Operations 9,199,376 5,868,745 Other Income (Expense): Other income 278,846 690,516 Other expense (137,849 ) (152,469 ) Interest income (expense) 9,173 (6,679 ) Total other income 150,170 531,368 Operating Income Before Income Tax and Non controlling Interest 9,349,545 6,400,113 Provision for income tax (2,594,483 ) (1,009,643 ) Net Income Before Non controlling Interest and Discontinued operations 6,755,062 5,390,470 Loss from discontinued operations (30,951 ) (84,850 ) Net Income Before Non controlling Interest 6,724,111 5,305,619 Non controlling interest (1,599,122 ) (1,239,480 ) Net Income 5,124,989 4,066,139 Other Comprehensive Item: Foreign exchange translation gain 123,209 824,961 Net Comprehensive Income $ 5,248,198 $ 4,891,100 Earning per share Basic $ 0.15 $ 0.13 Diluted $ 0.15 $ 0.13 Weighted average number of shares outstanding Basic 33,240,797 31,150,819 Diluted 35,070,051 31,150,819 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements F-25 CHINA YONGXIN PHARMACEUTICALS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 2009 2008 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net Income 5,124,989 4,066,139 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for bad debts (138,997 ) - Stocks and warrants issued for services 94,599 424,700 Depreciation and amortization 447,689 310,443 Amortization of prepaid & deferred consulting cost 141,565 - Non-controlling interest 1,599,122 1,239,480 (Increase) / decrease in current assets: Accounts receivable (6,135,319 ) 954,908 Notes receivable 429,856 (1,310,799 ) Other receivable (1,535,598 ) (169,668 ) Advances to suppliers 1,128,028 (53,084 ) Prepaid expenses (192,233 ) (5,074 ) Inventory (98,884 ) (1,083,197 ) Increase / (decrease) in current liabilities: Accounts payable 895,698 (2,164,344 ) Accrued expenses and other payable 2,763,133 910,098 Tax payable 175,762 924,337 Shares to be issued 30,000 - Advances from customers (523,898 ) 1,821,020 Deferred income - 16,679 Total Adjustments (919,476 ) 1,815,498 Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations 4,205,513 5,881,637 Net cash provided by/ (used in) operating activities of discontinued operations 88,974 13,323 Net cash provided by operating activities 4,294,486 5,894,960 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Restricted cash (467,369 ) - Investment - (115,309 ) Acquisition of property & equipment, net (1,375,577 ) (786,486 ) Due from related party (1,198,892 ) - Additions to construction in progress - (5,960,396 ) Contribution from Non controlling Interest - 11,532 Net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations (3,041,838 ) (6,850,659 ) Net cash provided by investing activities of discontinued operations 16,284 139,039 Net cash used in investing activities (3,025,555 ) (6,711,620 ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Receipt of loans/ (payment of loans) from non-related parties (729,437 ) 203,797 Stock issued for cash 467,369 - Receipts of loan from related parties, net - 64,868 Net cash provided by/ (used in) financing activities from continuing operations (262,068 ) 268,664 Net cash used in financing activities of discontinued operations (105,257 ) (67,511 ) Net cash provided by/ (used in) financing activities (367,325 ) 201,153 NET INCREASE/ (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 901,606 (615,507 ) EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 303,232 69,292 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING BALANCE 600,432 1,146,648 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, ENDING BALANCE $ 1,805,271 $ 600,432 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES: Cash paid during the year for: Interest $ 170,726 $ 167,156 Income tax $ 2,497,591 $ 15,927 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements F-26 CHINA YONGXIN PHARMACEUTICALS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 Additional Other Deferred consulting Prepaid consulting Receivable from Non Total Common Stock Preferred Stock Paid-in Comprehensive Statutory expense- issuance related controlling Retained Stockholders’ Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Income Reserve warrants of shares party Interest Earnings Equity Balance as of December 31, 2007 31,041,845 $ 31,042 5,000,000 $ 5,000 $ - $ 859,688 $ 1,341,600 $ - $ - $ - $ 2,623,303 $ 5,997,306 $ 10,857,937 Issuance of shares 108,695 109 - - 49,891 - - - - (50,000 ) - - Stock and warrants issued for consulting 250,000 250 - - 566,015 - - (291,265 ) (275,000 ) - - - Amortization of prepaid consulting - - - - - - - 218,450 206,250 - - 424,700 - Foreign exchange translation gain - - - - - 1,031,202 - - - - - 1,031,202 - Transfer to statutory reserve - - - - - - 499,641 - - - (499,641 ) - - Net income for the year - - - - - - - - - - 5,305,619 5,305,619 Transfer to Non-controlling interest 29,916 29,916 Transfer to non- controlling interest - - - - - (206,241 ) - - - - 1,445,721 (1,239,480 ) - Balance as of December 31, 2008 31,400,540 31,401 5,000,000 5,000 615,906 1,684,649 1,841,241 (72,815 ) (68,750 ) (50,000 ) 4,098,940 9,563,804 17,649,375 Contribution by Non-controlling interest - - - - - - - - - - 6,631 - 6,631 Warrants issued for consulting - - - - 28,439 - - (4,740 ) - - - - 23,699 Amortization of prepaid consulting - - - - - - - 72,815 68,750 - - - 141,565 Shares issued for consulting 710,000 710 - - 75,190 - - - (5,000 ) - - - 70,900 Shares issued under private placement 4,338,383 4,338 - - 463,031 - - - - - - - 467,369 Conversion of preferred stock to common stock 20,000,000 20,000 (3,333,333 ) (3,333 ) (16,667 ) - - - - - - - - Foreign exchange translation gain - - - - - 154,011 - - - - - - 154,011 Transfer to statutory reserve - - - - - - 789,088 - - - - (789,088 ) - Net income for the year - - - - - - - - - - - 6,724,111 6,724,111 Transfer to non controlling interest - - - - - (30,802 ) - - - - 1,608,979 (1,578,177 ) - Balance as of December 31, 2009 56,448,923 $ 56,449 1,666,667 $ 1,667 $ 1,165,899 $ 1,807,859 $ 2,630,329 $ (4,740 ) $ (5,000 ) $ (50,000 ) $ 5,714,550 $ 13,920,650 $ 25,237,661 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements F-27 CHINA YONGXIN PHARMACEUTICALS INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION China Yongxin Pharmaceuticals Inc. (formerly Digital Learning Management Corporation and Nutradyne Group, Inc.) (the “Company") was incorporated in Delaware on February 18, 1999. The Company, through its Chinese affiliates, or “variable interest entities” (VIEs), is engaged in the wholesale and retail sale of pharmaceuticals, medical equipment, other medical-related products, health products including nutritional and dietary supplements, and cosmetics. On December 21, 2006, Changchun Yongxin Dirui Medical Co., Ltd, a Chinese corporation ("Yongxin") and all of the stockholders of Yongxin entered into an acquisition agreement (“Acquisition Agreement”) with the Company. The Acquisition Agreement was amended on June 15, 2007 (the “Amended Acquisition Agreement”). On November 16, 2007, Yongxin and the Company closed on the reverse acquisition under the Amended Acquisition Agreement. On April 12, 2008, we entered into a second amended Acquisition Agreement with Yongxin, effective November 16, 2007, in which the Company acquired an 80% equity interest in Yongxin, and issued an aggregate of 21,000,000 shares of newly issued common stock and 5 million shares of Series A Preferred Stock to the Yongxin stockholders and/or their designees, representing, immediately following closing, 70% of the total issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, (“Reverse Acquisition Transaction”). The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible over a 3 year period, into up to a total of 30 million shares of common stock. For accounting purposes, this transaction was accounted for as a reverse acquisition, since the stockholders of Yongxin own a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, and the directors and executive officers of Yongxin became the directors and executive officers of the Company. This acquisition was accounted for at historical cost in a manner similar to that in the pooling of interests method since after the acquisition, the former stockholders of Yongxin acquired a majority of the outstanding shares of the Company. Yongxin was originally established in 1993. The Company is engaged in wholesale and retail of medicines. The Company’s operations are based in Changchun City, Jilin Province, China. In 2004, Yongxin established Jilin Province Yongxin Chain Drugstore Ltd. (“Yongxin Drugstore”) with an investment of RMB 2,500,000 (equivalent to $303,000) to develop a customer-terminal network market. In July 2005, the Company obtained the franchise rights in Jilin Province from American Medicine Shoppe (Meixin International Medical Chains) and sells over-the-counter western and traditional Chinese medicines and other medical-related products. On March 16, 2007, Jilin Province Yongxin Chain Drugstore Ltd. entered into various agreements with retail drug stores in Tianjin, and established Tianjin Jingyongxin Chain Drugstore Ltd. (“Jinyongxin Drugstore”) with an investment of $116,868, in which the Company has the 90% ownership of the Jinyongxin Drugstore. The Company is located in Tianjin City, China. On May 15, 2007, Yongxin established Jilin Dingjian Natural Health Products Co., Ltd. (“Dingjian”) with an investment of $116,868 whereby the stockholders of the company have 90% ownership of Dingjian. Dingjian was formed under laws of the People's Republic of China and is located in Changchun City, Jilin Province. On June 15 2007, Yongxin Drugstore established Baishan Caoantang Chain Drugstore Ltd. ( “Caoantang Drugstore”) with an investment of $328,430, including $144,509 in cash and $183,921 to purchase the property and equipment and Yongxin agreed to pay $80,076 evenly over the next 32 months for this investment. Caoantang Drugstore is a 100% owned subsidiary of Yongxin Drugstore. Caoantang Drugstore operates a chain of 32 chain retail drugstores and covers a business area of 2,804 M 2 , which sell over-the-counter western and traditional Chinese medicines and other medical-related products. On May 5, 2008 the Company changed its name from “Nutradyne Group, Inc.” to “China Yongxin Pharmaceuticals Inc.” In November 2009, Dingjian entered into an Equity Transfer Agreement (the “Agreement”) with Sun Shi Wei, an individual, to transfer 90% of ownership with all its assets and liabilities to Sun Shi Wei. The 10% non-controlling interest remained unchanged. Both parties agreed that Sun Shi Wei assumed the net liabilities. No other consideration was exchanged. Dingjian would be liable for any undiscovered liability other than the liability assumed by Sun Shi Wei, pursuant to the Agreement. F-28 NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES BASIS OF PRESENTATION The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The functional currency of our operating subsidiary, Changchun Yongxin Dirui Medical Co., Ltd is Chinese Renminbi (“RMB”); however the accompanying financial statements have been translated and presented in United States Dollars (“USD”). TRANSLATION ADJUSTMENT As of December 31, 2009 and 2008, the accounts of Yongxin were maintained, and its financial statements were expressed, in Chinese RMB. Such financial statements were translated into USD in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounts Standards (“SFAS”) No. 52, “Foreign Currency Translation,” with the RMB as the functional currency. According to the Statement, all assets and liabilities were translated at the current exchange rate, stockholders’ equity are translated at the historical rates and income statement items are translated at the average exchange rate for the period. The resulting translation adjustments are reported under other comprehensive income in accordance with SFAS No. 130 (ASC 220), “Reporting Comprehensive Income” as a component of stockholders’ equity. USE OF ESTIMATES The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“GAAP”) requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates include collectability of accounts receivable, accounts payable, sales returns and recoverability of long-term assets. PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of China Yongxin Pharmaceuticals Inc. and its VIE, Yongxin Drugstore, and its subsidiaries, collectively referred to herein as the “Company”. All material inter-company accounts, transactions and profits have been eliminated in consolidation. NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared by the Company, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) and in accordance with GAAP. The Company acquired 80% of Yongxin, and Yongxin Liu and Yongkui Liu own 11% and 9% of Yongxin, respectively. The 20% equity interest held by Yongxin Liu and Yongkui Liu represents non-controlling interest amounting to $5,687,633 as at December 31, 2009 compared to $4,078,654 as at December 31, 2008. Through Yongxin Drugstore, the Company owns a 90% ownership interest in Jinyongxin Drugstore. The remaining 10% interest in Jinyongxin Drugstore is owned by third parties. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS Cash and cash equivalents consist primarily of cash in banks and highly liquid investments with original maturities of 90 days or less. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE The Company maintains reserves for potential credit losses on accounts receivable. Management reviews the composition of accounts receivable and analyzes historical bad debts, customer concentrations, customer credit worthiness, current economic trends and changes in customer payment patterns to evaluate the adequacy of these reserves. Reserves are recorded primarily on a specific identification basis. As of December 31, 2009, we made no allowance for doubtful debts. As of December 31, 2008, we made allowance of doubtful debts of $112,452. ADVANCES TO SUPPLIERS The Company advances to certain vendors for purchase of its goods. The advances to suppliers are interest free and unsecured. As of December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, advance to suppliers amounted to $5,056,246 and $6,186,269, respectively. F-29 INVENTORIES Inventories are valued on a lower of weighted average cost or market basis. Inventory includes product cost, inbound freight, warehousing costs and vendor allowances not included as a reduction of advertising expense. Management compares the cost of inventories with the market value and allowance is made for writing down their inventories to market value, if lower. Work in process inventories include the cost of raw materials and outsource processing fees. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT Property and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over useful lives ranging from 5 to 10 years. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to earnings as incurred; additions, renewals and betterments are capitalized. When property and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts, and any gain or loss is included in operations. Assets held under capital leases are recorded at the lesser of the present value of the future minimum lease payments or the fair value of the leased property. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Depreciation of property and equipment is provided using the straight-line method for substantially all assets with estimated lives of: Buildings 20 years Infrastructures and leasehold improvements 10 years Equipment (including electronic facilities, sports, education and recreation facilities) 10 years Automobiles 10 years Furniture and fixtures 5 years Computer hardware and software 5 years IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS Effective January 1, 2002, the Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 144, “Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets” (“SFAS 144”) (ASC 360), which addresses financial accounting and reporting for the impairment or disposal of long-lived assets and supersedes SFAS No. 121, “Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed Of,” and the accounting and reporting provisions of APB Opinion No. 30, “Reporting the Results of Operations for a Disposal of a Segment of a Business.” The Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used in accordance with SFAS 144 (ASC 360). SFAS 144 (ASC 360) requires impairment losses to be recorded on long-lived assets used in operations when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the assets’ carrying amounts. In that event, a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the long-lived assets. Loss on long-lived assets to be disposed of is determined in a similar manner, except that fair market values are reduced for the cost of disposal. REVENUE RECOGNITION The Company’s revenue recognition policies are in compliance with Staff Accounting Bulletin (“SAB”) 104 (ASC 605). Sales revenue is recognized at the date of shipment to customers when a formal arrangement exists, the price is fixed or determinable, the delivery is completed, no other significant obligations of the Company exist and collectability is reasonably assured. The Company recognizes revenue net of an allowance for estimated returns, at the time the merchandise is sold or services performed. The allowance for sales returns is estimated based on the Company’s historical experience. Sales taxes are presented on a net basis (excluded from revenues and costs). Payments received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as unearned revenue. ADVERTISING Advertising expenses consist primarily of costs of promotion for corporate image and product marketing and costs of direct advertising. The Company expenses all advertising costs as incurred. The advertising expense for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 was $132,264 and $26,124, respectively. VENDOR ALLOWANCES Vendor allowances are principally received as a result of purchase levels, sales or promotion of vendors' products. Allowances are generally recorded as a reduction of inventory and are recognized as a reduction of cost of sales when the related merchandise is sold. Those allowances received for promoting vendors' products are offset against advertising expense and result in a reduction of selling, occupancy and administration expenses to the extent of advertising costs incurred, with the excess treated as a reduction of inventory costs. F-30 INCOME TAXES The Company utilizes SFAS No. 109 (ASC 740), "Accounting for Income Taxes," which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at each period end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. The Company accounts for income taxes using an asset and liability approach which allows for the recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets based upon the likelihood of realization of tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach, deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits, or that future deductibility is uncertain. The Company records a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, if any, based on its estimates of its future taxable income as well as its tax planning strategies when it is more likely than not that a portion or all of its deferred tax assets will not be realized. If the Company is able to utilize more of its deferred tax assets than the net amount previously recorded when unanticipated events occur, an adjustment to deferred tax assets would increase the Company net income when those events occur. The Company does not have any significant deferred tax asset or liabilities in the PRC tax jurisdiction. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 107, Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments, requires that the Company disclose estimated fair values of financial instruments. The carrying amounts reported in the statements of financial position for current assets and current liabilities qualifying as financial instruments are a reasonable estimate of fair value. STOCK BASED COMPENSATION Effective January 1, 2006, the Company adopted Statement No. 123R (ASC 718), Share-Based Payment (SFAS 123R), which requires companies to measure and recognize compensation expense for all stock-based payments at fair value. SFAS 123R is being applied on the modified prospective basis. Prior to the adoption of SFAS 123R, the Company accounted for its stock-based compensation plans under the recognition and measurement principles of Accounting Principles Board (APB) Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees, and related interpretations, and accordingly, recognized no compensation expense related to the stock-based plans. Under the modified prospective approach, SFAS 123R applies to new awards and to awards that were outstanding on January 1, 2006 that are subsequently modified, repurchased or cancelled. BASIC AND DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE Earnings per share are calculated in accordance with the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 128 (SFAS No. 128) (ASC 260), “Earnings per share”. SFAS No. 128 (ASC 260) superseded Accounting Principles Board Opinion No.15 (APB 15). Net income (loss) per share for all periods presented has been restated to reflect the adoption of SFAS No. 128. Basic earnings per share are computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share are computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares and dilutive common equivalent shares (restricted stock awards and stock options) outstanding during the period. Weighted average number of common shares was calculated in accordance with the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 141R (SFAS No. 141R) (ASC 805), “Business Combinations”. Basic and diluted earnings per share were $0.15 and $0.13 for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 95 (ASC 230), "Statement of Cash Flows," cash flows from the Company's operations is calculated based upon the local currencies. As a result, amounts related to assets and liabilities reported on the statement of cash flows will not necessarily agree with changes in the corresponding balances on the balance sheet. F-31 SEGMENT REPORTING Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 131 ("SFAS 131") (ASC 250), "Disclosure about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information" requires use of the "management approach" model for segment reporting. The management approach model is based on the way a company's management organizes segments within the company for making operating decisions and assessing performance. Reportable segments are based on products and services, geography, legal structure, management structure, or any other manner in which management disaggregates a company. The Company allocates its resources and assesses the performance of its sales activities based upon its products and services (see Note 20). RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES The Company is subject to substantial risks from, among other things, intense competition associated with the industry in general, other risks associated with financing, liquidity requirements, rapidly changing customer requirements, limited operating history, foreign currency exchange rates and the volatility of public markets. The Company’s operations are carried out in the PRC. Accordingly, the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations may be influenced by the political, economic and legal environments in the PRC, by the general state of PRC’s economy. The Company’s business may be influenced by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations, anti-inflationary measures, currency conversion and remittance abroad, and rates and methods of taxation, among other things. As described previously, the Company collectively own and control 100 retail pharmacy outlets, through our ownership of Yongxin Drugstore and its affiliated entities, Jingyongxin Drugstore and Caoantang Drugstore. Yongxin previously owned a direct 100% equity interest in Yongxin Drugstore as a record owner of all of its outstanding share capital. PRC laws and regulations limit foreign ownership of in excess of 49% of the outstanding share capital of PRC entities that operate more than 30 drugstores in China that sell a variety of branded pharmaceutical products sourced from different suppliers. In May 2010, in an effort to comply with PRC regulatory requirements regarding foreign ownership of drugstores in the PRC, and in contemplation of future growth of our Company, we conducted a restructuring of Yongxin’s ownership and control of Yongxin Drugstore (the “Restructuring”) in which we changed the method by which we own Yongxin Drugstore. Specifically, we instituted a “variable interest entity” (“VIE”) structure under which Yongxin is a record holder of 49% of the outstanding share capital of Yongxin Drugstore, and Mr. Yongxin Liu (our CEO and Chairman of the Company’s Board of Directors) and Mr. Yongkui Liu (a Company Vice President and former Company director), each of whom are PRC citizens (collectively, the “PRC Holders”), serve as nominee record holders of the remaining 51% of the share capital of Yongxin Drugstore. In order to retain the Company’s rights and authority to control, operate and manage Yongxin Drugstore and to continue to receive all of the economic benefits of Yongxin Drugstore’s business operations, concurrent with the equity transfers, Yongxin and the PRC Holders also entered into an Entrustment Agreement dated May 17, 2010 (the “Entrustment Agreement”), which effectively grants Yongxin beneficial ownership of the interest attributable to the 51% interest, including but not limited to, the right to exclusively control, operate and manage Yongxin Drugstore, and all of the profits, income, distributions, dividends, compensation, payments, assets property, or other economic benefits from Yongxin Drugstore that the PRC Holders now hold or receive or otherwise become entitled to receive in the future by virtue of their 51% record ownership of Yongxin Drugstore’s share capital. As a result of the rights conferred to Yongxin under the Entrustment Agreement, the Company is considered the primary beneficiary of Yongxin Drugstore and Yongxin Drugstore is deemed our variable interest entity (“VIE”). Further, we consolidate 100% of Yongxin Drugstore’s results of operations, assets and liabilities in our financial statements. Chinese laws and regulations concerning the validity of the contractual arrangements such as the Entrustment Agreement are uncertain, as many of these laws and regulations are relatively new and may be subject to change. Official interpretation and enforcement by the Chinese government involves substantial uncertainty. Additionally, the Entrustment Agreement may not be as effective in providing control over Yongxin Drugstore as direct majority equity interest ownership under the current PRC laws and regulations. Due to such uncertainty, the Entrustment Agreement includes a further assurances provision that allows us to take any additional steps in the future permissible under the then-applicable law to ensure the Company’s complete control over, and the realization of the entirety of all rights and benefits of ownership of Yongxin Drugstore and its assets and business operations, including but not limited to direct ownership of selected assets. If the Company and/or its PRC subsidiaries are determined to be in violation of any existing or future PRC laws, rules or regulations, including laws applicable to foreign investment in retail pharmacy outlets, or fail to obtain or maintain any of the required governmental permits or approvals, the relevant PRC regulatory authorities would have broad discretion in dealing with such violations, including: The imposition of penalties and/or a restructuring of the Company’s holding structure in order to comply with relevant PRC regulations could severely disrupt the Company’s ability to conduct business and could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations and prospects and also could result in: • revoking the business and operating licenses of the Company’s PRC consolidated entities; F-32 • discontinuing or restricting the operations of the Company’s PRC consolidated entities; • imposing conditions or requirements with which the Company or its PRC consolidated entities may not be able to comply; • requiring the Company or its PRC consolidated entities to restructure the relevant ownership structure or operations; • restricting or prohibiting the Company’s use of the proceeds from its financings to fund its business and operations in China; or • imposing fines. CONCENTRATIONS OF CREDIT RISK Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk are cash, accounts receivable and other receivables arising from its normal business activities. The Company places its cash in what it believes to be credit-worthy financial institutions. The Company has a diversified customer base, most of which are in China. The Company controls credit risk related to accounts receivable through credit approvals, credit limits and monitoring procedures. The Company routinely assesses the financial strength of its customers and, based upon factors surrounding the credit risk, establishes an allowance, if required, for uncollectible accounts and, as a consequence, believes that its accounts receivable credit risk exposure beyond such allowance is limited. CONTINGENCIES Certain conditions may exist as of the date the financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company’s management and legal counsel assess such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company’s legal counsel evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought. If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company’s financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potential material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, together with an estimate of the range of possible loss if determinable and material would be disclosed. Loss contingencies considered to be remote by management are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantee would be disclosed. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS In September 2009, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued guidance related to revenue recognition for multiple element deliverables which eliminates the requirement that all undelivered elements must have objective and reliable evidence of fair value before a company can recognize the portion of the consideration that is attributable to items that already have been delivered. Under the new guidance, the relative selling price method is required to be used in allocating consideration between deliverables and the residual value method will no longer be permitted. This guidance is effective prospectively for revenue arrangements entered into or materially modified in 2011 although early adoption is permitted. A company may elect, but will not be required, to adopt the amendments retrospectively for all prior periods. The Company is currently evaluating this guidance and has not yet determined the impact, if any, that it will have on the consolidated financial statements. In June 2009, the FASB issued ASC 105 (previously SFAS No. 168, “The FASB Accounting Standards Codification and the Hierarchy of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP")” - a replacement of FASB Statement No. 162), which will become the source of authoritative accounting principles generally accepted in the United States recognized by the FASB to be applied to nongovernmental entities. In June 2009, the FASB issued ASC 855 (previously SFAS No. 165, “Subsequent Events”), which establishes general standards of accounting for and disclosures of events that occur after the balance sheet date but before the financial statements are issued or available to be issued. It is effective for interim and annual periods ending after June 15, 2009. There was no material impact upon the adoption of this standard on the Company’s consolidated financial statements. F-33 In June 2009, the FASB issued ASC 860 (previously SFAS No. 166, “Accounting for Transfers of Financial Assets”) , which requires additional information regarding transfers of financial assets, including securitization transactions, and where companies have continuing exposure to the risks related to transferred financial assets. SFAS 166 eliminates the concept of a “qualifying special-purpose entity,” changes the requirements for derecognizing financial assets, and requires additional disclosures. SFAS 166 is effective for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2009. The Company does not believe this pronouncement will impact its financial statements. In June 2009, the FASB issued ASC 810 (previously SFAS No. 167) for determining whether to consolidate a variable interest entity. These amended standards eliminate a mandatory quantitative approach to determine whether a variable interest gives the entity a controlling financial interest in a variable interest entity in favor of a qualitatively focused analysis, and require an ongoing reassessment of whether an entity is the primary beneficiary. These amended standards are effective for us beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2010 and we are currently evaluating the impact that adoption will have on our consolidated financial statements. In August 2009, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2009-05, which amends ASC Topic 820, Measuring Liabilities at Fair Value, which provides additional guidance on the measurement of liabilities at fair value. These amended standards clarify that in circumstances in which a quoted price in an active market for the identical liability is not available, we are required to use the quoted price of the identical liability when traded as an asset, quoted prices for similar liabilities, or quoted prices for similar liabilities when traded as assets. If these quoted prices are not available, we are required to use another valuation technique, such as an income approach or a market approach. These amended standards became effective for us beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2009 and are not expected to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. NOTE 3 –OTHER RECEIVABLE Other receivables as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 are summarized as follows. The receivables are interest free, unsecured, and due on demand. 2009 2008 Advance to employees $ 26,493 $ 92,368 Advances to store employees 15,037 2,685 Advances to third parties - 93,364 Rent receivable 79,218 79,223 Deposits 765,925 7,619 Sponsorship from customers 987,174 - Others 57,237 76,229 Total $ 1,931,084 $ 351,488 NOTE 4 – PREPAID EXPENSES The balance of Company prepaid expenses as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 comprised of the following: 2009 2008 Prepaid rent $ 18,087 $ 273,484 Rent 489,156 - Other prepaid expenses 27,525 68,957 Total $ 534,769 $ 342,441 NOTE 5 - INVENTORIES As of December 31, 2009 and 2008, inventory consisted of the following: 2009 2008 Packaging Materials $ 200,007 $ 342,832 Finished Goods 7,611,621 7,370,377 Total inventory 7,811,628 7,713,209 Net inventory $ 7,811,628 $ 7,713,209 F-34 NOTE 6 - PROPERTIES AND EQUIPMENT As of December 31, 2009 and 2008 the property and equipment of the Company consisted of the following: 2009 2008 Office furniture and fixtures $ 930,962 $ 998,730 Vehicles 392,557 441,921 Buildings 8,637,138 2,079,690 Total property and equipment 9,960,657 3,520,341 Less: Accumulated depreciation (1,200,420 ) (846,432 ) Net value of property and equipment $ 8,751,813 $ 2,673,909 The Company had depreciation expense of $409,245 and $293,632for as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. NOTE 7 - CONSTRUCTION IN PROGRESS & SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT As of December 31, 2009 and 2008, construction in progress, representing infrastructures improvement and software development, amounted to $1,551 and $6,066,249, respectively. The amount of capitalized interest included in construction in progress as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 is $0 and $311,702, respectively. The constructions were finished at the end of December and were transferred to fixed assets. As of December 31, 2009 and 2008, the construction in progress of the Company consisted of the following: 2009 2008 Infrastructures improvement $ - $ 4,841,430 Capitalized interest - 913,117 Total infrastructures improvement - 5,754,547 Software development 1,551 311,702 Total construction in progress $ 1,551 $ 6,066,249 NOTE 8- INTANGIBLE ASSETS As of December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, the intangible assets of the Company consisted of the following: 2009 2008 Trademark $ - $ 1,174 Software 1,102,893 108,286 Total intangible assets 1,102,893 109,460 Less: Accumulated amortization (115,561 ) (36,780 ) Net value of intangible assets $ 987,332 $ 72,680 The amortization expense for as of December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008 amounted to $37,370 and $18,360, respectively. The amortization expenses for intangible assets for next five years after December 31, 2009 are as follows: December 31, 2010 $ 197,466 December 31, 2011 197,466 December 31, 2012 197,466 December 31, 2013 197,466 December 31, 2014 197,466 Total $ 987,432 F-35 NOTE 9 - ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER PAYABLES The other payable represents the deposits made by the sales representatives and sales distributors for the right to sell products for the Company. Other payables and accrued expenses consist of the following as of December 31, 2009 and 2008: 2009 2008 Accrued compensation $ 1,091,299 $ 998,824 Accrued rent expense 124,874 247,573 Accrued professional fees 86,026 60,806 Accrued litigation 987,515 311,685 Accrued interest 8,133 78,473 Accrued payable 2,539,032 435,135 Accrued education& employee funds - 29,088 Other accrued expense 112,151 43,099 Sales agent deposits 113,265 84,668 Other payable 108,491 117,251 $ 5,170,786 $ 2,406,602 NOTE 10 - ADVANCE FROM CUSTOMERS The advances from customers amounted to $2,055,602 and $2,579,997, respectively as of December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, represent the deposits made by customers to purchase inventory from the Company. NOTE 11 - DEFERRED INCOME A portion of the Company’s net revenue is derived directly from government-sponsored healthcare programs, and the Company is therefore subject to government regulations on reimbursement on the sales made through the healthcare programs. The Jilin Province Social Insurance Bureau and Changchun City Insurance Bureau reimburse 90% of the sales that the Company’s pharmacy retail stores made through the healthcare program networks in the following month, and retain 10% of the sales until the following year. The amount will be repaid proportionally based on the level of evaluation made by the Insurance Bureaus in the following year. The Company classified 10% of the sales made through the healthcare program networks as deferred income as the collectability of these sales is uncertain. As of December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, the Company has deferred income of $420,277 and $273,753, respectively. NOTE 12 - SHARES TO BE ISSUED The Company classifies all amounts, against which shares have not been issued, as shares to be issued. Once the Company issues shares, the amounts are classified as Common stock. As of December 31, 2009, the Company has total 500,000 shares to be issued with balance of $35,000 pursuant to an agreement with a software consultant entered into by the Company in 2005, and the amount is included in the accrued expenses. During the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company entered into an agreement with an investor relations firm for services. The term of services is one year and the Company is obligated to issue 600,000 shares to the investor relations firms. As of December 31, 2009, only 300,000 shares were issued to the investor relations firm and the balance is still to be issued. The Company has recorded the fair market value of the 300,000 shares of $36,000 as shares to be issued. The unamortized portion of the fee of $6,000 has been recorded as a contra amount and netted out. NOTE 13 -TAXES PAYABLE Tax payable comprised of the following taxes as of December 31, 2009 and 2008: 2009 2008 VAT $ 7,874 $ 14,247 Business Tax 94,785 166,817 City Construction Tax 6,658 6,660 Education Tax 5,356 5,357 Income Tax 1,305,906 1,051,642 Others 855 1,326 Total $ 1,421,434 $ 1,245,649 The Company is registered in the State of Delaware and has operations in primarily two tax jurisdictions; the PRC and the United States. For certain operations in the U.S., the Company has incurred net accumulated operating losses for income tax purposes. The Company believes that it is more likely than not that these net accumulated operating losses will not be utilized in the future. Therefore, the Company has provided full valuation allowance for the deferred tax assets arising from the losses at these locations as of December 31, 2009. Accordingly, the Company has no net deferred tax assets. F-36 The provision for income taxes from continuing operations on income consists of the following for as of December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008: 2009 2008 Current income tax expense US Federal - - US State - - PRC current income tax expense $ 2,594,483 $ 1,009,643 Total Provision for Income Tax $ 2,594,483 $ 1,009,643 The following is a reconciliation of the provision for income taxes at the U.S. federal income tax rate to the income taxes reflected in the Statement of Operations: 2009 2008 Tax expense (credit) at statutory rate - federal 34 % 34 % State tax expense net of federal tax 6 % 6 % Changes in valuation allowance (40 )% (40 )% Foreign income tax - PRC 25 % 25 % Exempt from income tax - - Temporary difference 0.24 % 2 % Tax expense at actual rate 25.24 % 27 % United States of America The Company has significant income tax net operating losses (“NOL”) carried forward from prior years. Due to the change in ownership of more than fifty percent, the amount of NOL which may be used in any one year will be subject to a restriction under section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. Due to the uncertainty of the realizability of the related deferred tax assets of $4,473,105, a reserve equal to the amount of deferred income taxes has been established at December 31, 2009. People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) Pursuant to the PRC Income Tax Laws, the Company's subsidiary is generally subject to Enterprise Income Taxes ("EIT") at a statutory rate of 25%. The following table sets forth the significant components of the provision for income taxes for operation in PRC as of December 31, 2009 and 2008. 2009 2008 Net taxable income $ 10,475,363 $ 7,245,543 Income tax @ 25.24% and 27% $ 2,594,483 $ 1,009,643 NOTE 14 - SHORT-TERM LOANS PAYABLE The Company had loans payable amounting to $1,100,884 as of December 31, 2009 and $1,967,185 as of December 31, 2008. The loans are secured by personal properties of a main stockholder of the Company. The loans payable at December 31, 2009 comprised of the following: 2009 2008 Loan payable to a non-related party, interest free, due by December 31, 2009 249,406 Loan payable to a non-related party, interest free, due by December 31, 2009 772,156 Loan payable to a non-related party, interest free, due by December 31, 2009 558,642 Loan payable to a non-related party, interest free, due by December 31, 2009 234,736 Loan payable to a non-related party, interest at 1.5% annually, due by December 31, 2009 237,146 - Loan payable to Jilin Bank, interest at 6.9% annually, due by January 22, 2010 733,500 Various loans, interest free, unsecured and due on demand 130,238 130,238 Total $ 1,100,884 $ 1,945,179 F-37 NOTE 15 - LONG-TERM LOAN PAYABLE The Company had long term loans payable amounting to $1,320,300 as of December 31, 2009 and $1,320,390 as of December 31, 2008. The loans are secured by personal properties of a significant stockholder of the Company. The loans payable at December 31, 2009 comprised of the following: The following is the future payment schedule of the long term loan: 2009 2008 Loan Payable to Runfeng Agriculture Credit Union, annual interest at 8.748% and 11.02%, respectively, due by January 26, 2011 $ 1,320,300 $ 1,320,390 The following is the future payment schedule of the long term loan: Due January 26, 2011 $ 1,320,300 NOTE 16 - LOANS FROM RELATED PARTIES As of December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, the loans from related parties were comprised of the following: 2009 2008 Loans payable to officers, interest free, due on demand, and unsecured $ 184,662 $ 184,662 Total $ 184,662 $ 184,662 NOTE 17 - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible over a 3 year period, into up to 30 million shares of common stock. In particular, the holder of any shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shall have the right, at its option, to convert, any such shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock on a six (6) for one (1) basis. The conversion formula is conditioned on the Company earning no less than $3 million of net income in for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2007; $4 million of net income in the fiscal year ending December 31, 2008 and $5 million of net income in the fiscal year ending December 31, 2009. In the event that in any of the three fiscal years, the Company earns less than required net income amounts for conversion, then the conversion right shall be proportionately reduced by the amount of the shortfall below the required net income amount, with the "catch-up" right to convert additional shares to the extent that the net income exceeds $3 million; $4 million and $5 million respectively in each of the three consecutive years. In no event shall this conversion right allow for the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock into more than 6 common shares for each share of Series A Preferred Stock over the course of the aforementioned three calendar years. The net income requirements shall be based upon an audit of the revenues for each fiscal year. All conversions shall be made within 30 days of the completion of such audit. During the year ended December 31, 2009, holders of 3,333,333 preferred shares opted to convert the preferred shares into 20,000,000 common shares. As of December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, the Company had 56,448,923 and 31,400,540 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company issued 10,000 shares for website designing services and 100,000 shares for legal services. The shares were valued at the fair market value of $9,900 and expensed during the year ended December 31, 2009 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. During the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with an investor relations firm to provide investor relations and public relations services. The agreement is for a period of 1 year and the Company agreed to issue 300,000 shares of restricted common stock and 300,000 warrants at exercise prices ranging from $1 per share to $2 per share, to the investor relations firm. The Company valued the shares at the fair market value of $30,000 and expensed $23,700 during the year ended December 31, 2009 in the consolidated financial statements. During the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with an investor relations firm to provide investor relations and public relations services. The agreement is for a period of 1 year and the Company agreed to issue 600,000 shares of restricted common stock to the investor relation firm. The Company valued the shares at the fair market value of $72,000 and expensed $66,000 during the year ended December 31, 2009 in the consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2009, 300,000 of such shares are still not issued and are included in the shares to be issued. The unamortized part of the fee has been netted out of the amount of shares to be issued. F-38 On September 25, 2009, the Company closed a private placement of its equity securities. We issued a total of 3,338,383 shares of our common stock, restricted in accordance with Rule 144, to 157 accredited investors, for total consideration of $467,369. In addition, we issued to the investors warrants to acquire another 3,338,385 shares of our common stock at $0.35 per share, exercisable for a period of three years. In relation to this private placement, the Company also issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock and paid $35,000 cash. The warrants granted to the investors were valued using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. During the year ended December 31, 2009, holders of 3,333,333 preferred shares opted to convert the preferred shares into 20,000,000 common shares. On April 1, 2008, the Company issued to Investor Relations International (“IRI”) 250,000 restricted common stocks valued at $275,000, to render investor relations and financial communication services. The Company amortized the prepaid consulting over 1 year period based upon the terms of the agreement. As of October 30, 2008, the Company sold 108,695 shares to an unrelated party for $50,000. The amount was received directly by the related party, and the Company shows a receivable from the related party for such amount. The related party receivable is interest free, due on demand, unsecured and has been reflected in the equity section in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. NOTE 18 – WARRANTS Following is a summary of the warrant activity for the period ended December 31, 2009: Outstanding, December 31, 2008 2,022,080 Granted during the year 3,638,385 Expired during the year (472,080 ) Exercised during the year - Outstanding, December 31, 2009 5,188,385 Following is a summary of the status of warrants outstanding at December 31, 2009: Outstanding Warrants Exercisable Warrants Exercise Price Number of Warrant Shares Average Remaining Contractual Life Average Exercise Price Number of Warrant Shares Intrinsic Value $0.5 - $4 5,188,385 2.87 $ 0.59 5,188,385 1,189,016 The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of options granted using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model are as follows: The warrants for the purchase of 3,638,385 shares granted during the year ended December 31, 2009: Risk-free interest rate 2.63 % Expected life of the warrants 3-5 years Expected volatility 215%-217 % Expected dividend yield 0 During the year ended December 31, 2009 the Company granted warrants for 300,000 sahres at exercise prices ranging from $1 per share to $2 per share, to an investor relation firm. The Black-Scholes fair market value of the warrants was $28,439. The Company recorded an expense of $30,300 during the year ended December 31, 2009 in the consolidated financial statements for the warrants. On September 25, 2009, the Company closed a private placement of our equity securities. We issued a total of 3,338,385 shares of our common stock, restricted in accordance with Rule 144, to 157 accredited investors, for total consideration of $467,369. In addition, we issued to the investors warrants to acquire another 3,338,385 shares of our common stock at $0.35 per share, exercisable for a period of three years. The fair market value of the warrants was calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and was netted against the net proceeds of the private placement. F-39 NOTE 19 – COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Consulting agreements On April 1, 2008, the Company signed a letter of engagement with Investor Relations International (“IRI”). According to the terms of the agreement, IRI agreed to perform investor relations and financial communication services. The agreement was for a twelve-month period and the Company agreed to pay $10,000 per month to IRI, to issue 250,000 shares of restricted common stock, and to issue 300,000 warrants at an exercise price from $1.50 to $4.00 per share. During the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company expensed $141,566 in the consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2009, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with an investor relations firm to provide investor relations and public relations services. The agreement is for a period of 1 year and the Company agreed to issue 600,000 shares of restricted common stock to the investor relations firm. The Company recorded an expense of $66,000 during the year ended December 31, 2009 in the consolidated financial statements. As of December 31, 2009, 300,000 of such shares are still not issued and are included in the shares to be issued. The unamortized part of the fee has been netted out of the amount of shares to be issued. Leases The Company leases its operating locations. Initial terms are typically 5 to 10 years, followed by additional terms containing priority of renewal options at the maturity of the lease agreements, and may include rent escalation clauses. The company recognizes rent expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Minimum rental commitments at December 31, 2009, under all leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable term of more than one year are shown: 2010 1,058,624 2011 945,708 2012 301,835 2013 95,551 2014 - Total minimum lease payments 2,401,718 The company sub-leases its building to an unrelated company. The lease term is one year. The Company recognizes rent income on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Legal proceedings On or about October 17, 2008, a former officer initiated an action in the Superior Court for the State of California, County of Los Angeles, Central District, against the Company alleging claims for damages related to an alleged employment agreement. On December 29, 2008, the Company filed an Answer to the Complaint. The Company strongly disputed the claims and diligently defended against them. The Company was defending itself against claims for open account and intentional misrepresentation. The Plaintiff sought past due attorneys’ fees for services rendered in the amount of $193,100. The case was settled in October, 2009 for $50,000 cash and 400,000 shares of common stock. The court also ordered interest at the rate of 10% on $50,000 from June 20, 2009 till the date the amount is paid off. The Company has accrued an aggregate sum of $127,397 for the cash to be paid and for the fair market value of the shares to be issued. The Company was also involved in an ongoing legal proceeding filed in Orange County Superior Court on or about November 9, 2004. In this action, the Cross-Complainant, Terry Koosed, sought to amend a $219,000 judgment he obtained to include a subsidiary of the predecessor-in-interest of the Company, which was not named or a participant in such lawsuit. The Company strongly disputed the lawsuit and aggressively defended such action. The Company has accrued $219,000 in the accompanying financials statements. A former employee of the Company, the plaintiff, brought a lawsuit against the Company seeking unpaid wages, bonuses, benefits, penalties and interest. The case went into trial in November 2009 and the trial court thereafter issued a judgment for plaintiff and against the Company in amount of $641,016. As of December 31, 2009, the Company has not paid the judgment amount and the same has been accrued in the accompanying financials as accrued litigation. F-40 A former employee of the Company, the plaintiff, brought a lawsuit against the Company seeking unpaid wages that accrued during his employment from 2005 to 2008 as well as penalties, interest and attorney fees. The breakdown of plaintiff’s damage claim is still unknown at this time. The parties are in discovery and trial has been set for May 10, 2010. NOTE 20 – SEGMENT INFORMATION The Company operates in two business segments: retail drug stores, pharmaceutical medicine wholesales sales. These segments were identified based on their separate and distinct products and services, technology, marketing strategies and management reporting. Management evaluates the segments’ operating performance separately and allocates resources based on their respective financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Inter-segment transactions and balances are eliminated in consolidation. The retail drug store segment is complemented by such core front-end categories as over-the-counter medications, health and beauty products, and other items. As of December 31, 2009, the retail drug store segment operated 79 retail stores with business area of 9,834 square meters in three cities in China. The pharmaceutical medicine wholesales segment, operated through Yongxin Medical, provides logistics wholesale distribution of over-the-counter and prescribed medicines to hospitals, clinics, medical institutions and retail drug stores. The following table summarizes significant financial information by segment: 2009 2008 Revenues from unaffiliated customers: Retail drug stores $ 13,898,119 10,865,100 Pharmaceutical medicine wholesales 38,832,521 53,117,095 Unallocated 1,000 Revenues from inter-company sales (5,141,360 ) (4,866,661 ) Consolidated Totals $ 47,589,280 59,116,534 Net income: Retail drug stores $ 1,084,679 599,589 Pharmacy wholesales 5,255,550 4,482,397 Unallocated 1,217,460 (930,279 ) Net income from inter-company (19,823 ) (85,568 ) Consolidated Totals $ 5,124,989 4,066,139 Depreciation and amortization: Retail drug stores 60,869 167,680 Pharmacy wholesales 316,390 142,182 Unallocated 70,430 581 Consolidated Totals 447,689 310,443 Interest income: Retail drug stores 6,803 2,470 Pharmacy wholesales 8,509 - Unallocated - - Consolidated Totals 15,312 2,470 Interest expense: Retail drug stores - - Pharmacy wholesales 6,138 720 Unallocated - 8,428 Consolidated Totals 6,138 9,148 Capital expenditures: Retail drug stores 1,123,242 1,350,129 Pharmacy wholesales 245,034 5,399,303 Unallocated 7,300 112,759 Consolidated Totals 1,375,577 6,862,191 Identifiable assets: Retail drug stores 29,782,442 8,333,213 Pharmacy wholesales 11,505,850 23,206,845 Unallocated 467,370 7,664 Consolidated Totals $ 41,755,662 31,547,722 F-41 NOTE 21 – STATUTORY RESERVE As stipulated by the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (PRC), net income after taxation can only be distributed as dividends after appropriation has been made for the following: i. Making up cumulative prior years’ losses, if any; ii. Allocations to the “Statutory Surplus Reserve” of at least 10% of income after tax, as determined under PRC accounting rules and regulations, until the fund amounts to 50% of the Company’s registered capital; iii. Allocations to the discretionary surplus reserve, if approved in the stockholders’ general meeting. NOTE 22 - DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS On September 30, 2005, Software Education of America, Inc., subsidiary of Nutradyne, filed a petition in bankruptcy under Chapter 7 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. The petition was necessitated because SEA was unable to continue to meet its financial obligations. SEA is presented in the accompanying financial statements as discontinued operations. In November 2009, a subsidiary of the Company, Jilin Dingjian Natural Health Products Co., Ltd, entered into an agreement (the “Agreement”) with Sun Shi Wei, an individual, to transfer 90% of ownership with all its assets and liabilities to Sun Shi Wei. The 10% minority interest remained unchanged. Both parties agreed that Sun Shi Wei assumed the net liability. No other consideration was exchanged. The Agreement also indicated that the Company would be liable for any undiscovered liability. Since the buyer assumed all liabilities, the Company recorded a journal entry to record a gain from disposal of assets and liabilities at November 30, 2009. Jilin Dingjian Natural Health Products Co., Ltd is presented in the accompanying financial statements as discontinued operations. Balance Sheet information for the discontinued subsidiaries as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 is as follows: 2009 2008 Assets: Cash $ - $ 8,989 Accounts receivables, net - 3,534 Other receivables - 5,965 Prepaid expenses - 3,244 Inventory - 151,468 Total current assets - 173,201 Property, Plant & Equipment, net - 6,298 Intangible Assets, net - 1,007 Total assets $ - $ 180,507 Liabilities: Accounts payable $ 227,590 $ 227,590 Accrued expenses 238,581 239,704 Loans payable 162,666 267,995 Total liabilities $ 628,837 $ 735,289 Net liabilities of discontinued operations $ 628,837 $ 554,783 F-42 NOTE 23 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS On March 4, 2010, the Company consummated a private placement of its equity securities with certain accredited investors pursuant to a Subscription Agreement for total consideration of $125,000. The Company issued to the investors secured convertible notes with a two year term, bearing 10% interest per annum, convertible into common stock of the Company at a conversion price of $0.20 per share, which is subject to adjustment for stock splits, recapitalizations and other similar events, and will also be adjusted on a full-ratchet basis to equal the price per share of any subsequent financing. The notes are secured by pledged stock, and by a first priority interest in all current and future assets of the Company, which will be cancelled upon repayment of the notes or upon conversion of at least 50% of the principal amount of the notes into shares of Company common stock. The notes may be redeemed by the Company at any time for 110% of outstanding principal and interest. The note investors also received, as a part of the financing, warrants for the purchase of up to 625,000 shares of our common stock with an exercise price $0.50 per share (subject to adjustment for stock splits, recapitalizations and other similar events) exercisable for a period of three years. In addition, subsequent to year end, the Company issued a total of 900,000 shares of common stock for the settlement of liability that was accrued on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2009. F-43 __________ Shares of Common Stock PROSPECTUS Rodman & Renshaw, LLC The date of this prospectus is ______________, 2010 Until ______________, 2010 (25 days after the commencement of this offering), all dealers that buy, sell or trade shares of our common stock, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This delivery requirement is in addition to the obligation of dealers to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions. You should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by reference to this prospectus in deciding whether to purchase our common stock. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with information different from that contained or incorporated by reference to this prospectus. Under no circumstances should the delivery to you of this prospectus or any sale made pursuant to this prospectus create any implication that the information contained in this prospectus is correct as of any time after the date of this prospectus. To the extent that any facts or events arising after the date of this prospectus, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information presented in this prospectus, this prospectus will be updated to the extent required by law PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. The following table sets forth the costs and expenses, payable by the registrant in connection with the sale of common stock being registered. All amounts are estimates except the SEC registration fee. Securities and Exchange Commission registration fee $ 1,639.90 Printing and engraving expenses * Blue Sky fees and expenses * Legal fees and expenses * Accounting fees and expenses * Miscellaneous * Total $ * * To be provided by Amendment. Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers. Delaware Law Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law authorizes a court to award, or a corporation’s board of directors to grant, indemnity to directors and officers in terms sufficiently broad to permit indemnification for liabilities, including reimbursement for expenses incurred, arising under the Securities Act. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 145, a corporation may indemnify its directors, officers, employees, and agents as follows: “(a) A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the person's conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that the person's conduct was unlawful. (b) A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. II-1 (c) To the extent that a present or former director or officer of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections (a) and (b) of this section, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith. (d) Any indemnification under subsections (a) and (b) of this section (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the present or former director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because the person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in subsections (a) and (b) of this section. Such determination shall be made, with respect to a person who is a director or officer at the time of such determination, (1) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (2) by a committee of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (3) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (4) by the stockholders. (e) Expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by an officer or director in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding may be paid by the corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation as authorized in this section. Such expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by former directors and officers or other employees and agents may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the corporation deems appropriate. (f) The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, the other subsections of this section shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such person's official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office. (g) A corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such person's status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under this section. (h) For purposes of this section, references to "the corporation" shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under this section with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. (i) For purposes of this section, references to "other enterprises" shall include employee benefit plans; references to "fines" shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to any employee benefit plan; and references to "serving at the request of the corporation" shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner "not opposed to the best interests of the corporation" as referred to in this section. (j) The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this section shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. II-2 (k) The Court of Chancery is hereby vested with exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine all actions for advancement of expenses or indemnification brought under this section or under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. The Court of Chancery may summarily determine a corporation's obligation to advance expenses (including attorneys' fees).” Charter Provisions and Other Arrangements of the Registrant We have adopted the following indemnification provisions in Articles VII and VIII of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation for our officers and directors: “ ARTICLE VII A director of this Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law as it now exists or as it may hereafter be amended, not be personally liable to this Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability (i) for any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to this Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the General Corporation Law, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived any improper personal benefit. If the General Corporation Law is amended, after approval by the stockholders of this Article, to authorize any action by the Corporation which further eliminates or limits the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director of this Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law, as so amended. Any amendment, repeal or modification of this Article VII, or the adoption of any provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article VII, shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of this Corporation existing at the time of such amendment, repeal, modification or adoption. ARTICLE VIII The Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by the provisions of Section 145 of the General Corporation Law, as the same may be amended and supplemented, indemnify any and all persons whom it shall have power to indemnify under said section from and against any and all of the expenses, liabilities, or other matters referred to in or covered by said section, and the indemnification provided for herein shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those indemnified may be entitled under any Bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in his or her official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office, and shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee, or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, and administrators of such person. Any amendment, repeal or modification of this Article VIII, or the adoption of any provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article VIII, shall not adversely affect any right or protection existing at the time of such amendment, repeal, modification or adoption.” In addition, we adopted the following provisions for the indemnification of directors, officers, employees and agents in Article 7 of our Company’s bylaws: II-3 “SECTION 7.1 Indemnification of Directors and Officers. To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (provided that the effect of any such amendment shall be prospective only) (the "Delaware Law"), a director of the Corporation shall not be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of his or her fiduciary duty as a director. The Corporation shall indemnify, in the manner and to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware Law (but in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than permitted prior thereto), any person (or the estate of any person) who is or was a party to, or is threatened to be made a party to, any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether or not by or in the right of the Corporation, and whether civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or otherwise, by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise. The Corporation may, to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware Law, purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any such person against any liability which may be asserted against such person. The Corporation may create a trust fund, grant a security interest or use other means (including without limitation a letter of credit) to ensure the payment of such sums as may become necessary or desirable to effect the indemnification as provided herein. To the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware Law, the indemnification provided herein shall include expenses as incurred (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement and any such expenses shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the person seeking indemnification to repay such amounts if it is ultimately determined that he or she is not entitled to be indemnified. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Section 7.1, no advance shall be made by the Corporation if a determination is reasonably and promptly made by the Board by a majority vote of a quorum of disinterested Directors, or (if such a quorum is not obtainable or, even if obtainable, a quorum of disinterested Directors so directs) by independent legal counsel to the Corporation, that, based upon the facts known to the Board or such counsel at the time such determination is made, (a) the party seeking an advance acted in bad faith or deliberately breached his or her duty to the Corporation or its stockholders, and (b) as a result of such actions by the party seeking an advance, it is more likely than not that it will ultimately be determined that such party is not entitled to indemnification pursuant to the provisions of this Section 7.1. The indemnification provided herein shall not be deemed to limit the right of the Corporation to indemnify any other person for any such expenses to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware Law, nor shall it be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which any person seeking indemnification from the Corporation may be entitled under any agreement, the Corporation's Bylaws, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, both as to action in such person's official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office. The Corporation may, but only to the extent that the Board of Directors may (but shall not be obligated to) authorize from time to time, grant rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to any employee or agent of the Corporation to the fullest extent of the provisions of this Section 7.1 as it applies to the indemnification and advancement of expenses of directors and officers of the Corporation. SECTION 7.2 Indemnification of Employees and Agents. Subject to Section 7.1, the Corporation may, but only to the extent that the Board may (but shall not be obligated to) authorize from time to time, grant rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to any employee or agent of the Corporation to the fullest extent of the provisions of this Article VII as they apply to the indemnification and advancement of expenses of directors and officers of the Corporation. SECTION 7.3 Enforcement of Indemnification. The rights to indemnification and the advancement of expenses conferred above shall be contract rights. If a claim under this Article VII is not paid in full by the Corporation within 60 days after written claim has been received by the Corporation, except in the case of a claim for an advancement of expenses, in which case the applicable period shall be 20 days, the indemnitee may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of such claim. If successful in whole or in part in any such suit, or in a suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the indemnitee shall be entitled to be paid also the expenses of prosecuting or defending such suit. In (i) any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to an advancement of expenses) it shall be a defense that, and (ii) any suit by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking the Corporation shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that, the indemnitee has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in the DGCL. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its Board, independent legal counsel or stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such suit that indemnification of the indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because the indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its Board, independent legal counsel or stockholders) that the indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall either create a presumption that the indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a suit brought by the indemnitee, be a defense to such suit. In any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, or by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving that the indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this Article VII or otherwise shall be on the Corporation.” Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted for our directors, officers, and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. II-4 Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. The following is a summary of our transactions during the last three years involving sales of our securities that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”): On May 3, 2010, China Yongxin Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the “Company”) consummated a subsequent third closing of its private placement of its equity securities with certain accredited investors pursuant to a Subscription Agreement for total consideration of $250,000 (the “Third Closing”). The Company issued to the investors secured convertible notes with a two year term, bearing 10% interest per annum, convertible into common stock of the Company at a conversion price of $0.20 per share, which is subject to adjustment for stock splits, recapitalizations and other similar events, and will also be adjusted on a full-ratchet basis to equal the price per share of any subsequent financing. The notes are secured by a first priority interest in all current and future assets of the Company, which will be cancelled upon repayment of the notes or upon conversion of at least 50% of the principal amount of the notes into shares of Company common stock. The notes may be redeemed by the Company at any time for 110% of outstanding principal and interest. The note investors also received, as a part of the financing, warrants for the purchase of up to 1.25 million shares of our common stock with an exercise price $0.50 per share (subject to adjustment for stock splits, recapitalizations and other similar events) exercisable for a period of three years. The Company will use the proceeds of the financing for the payment of auditing expenses, legal fees, operating expenses, supplies, and general working capital. The issuance of these securities was exempt from registration pursuant to Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933. On April 9, 2010, the Company consummated a private placement of its equity securities with certain non-U.S. investors pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement for total consideration of $1,178,100. The Company issued to the investors an aggregate 5,890,500 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the “Common Stock”) at a price of $0.20 per share. The investors also received, as a part of the financing, warrants for the purchase of up to an aggregate 5,890,500 shares of our Common Stock at an exercise price $0.50 per share (subject to adjustment for stock splits, recapitalizations and other similar events) exercisable for a period of two years. The securities were offered and issued in reliance upon an exemption from registration pursuant to Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). The Company completed the offering pursuant to Rule 903 of Regulation S of the Securities Act on the basis that the sale of the securities was completed in an “offshore transaction”, as defined in Rule 902(h) of Regulation S. The Company did not engage in any directed selling efforts, as defined in Regulation S, in the United States in connection with the sale of the securities. The investors represented to us that they were not U.S. persons, as defined in Regulation S, and were not acquiring the securities for the account or benefit of a U.S. person. All securities issued were endorsed with a restrictive legend confirming that the securities have not been registered under the Securities Act and could not be resold without registration under the Act or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Act. On March 4, 2010, the Company consummated a subsequent second closing of the private placement of its equity securities with certain accredited investors pursuant to the Subscription Agreement for total consideration of $125,000. The Company issued to the investors secured convertible notes with a two year term, bearing 10% interest per annum, convertible into common stock of the Company at a conversion price of $0.20 per share, which is subject to adjustment for stock splits, recapitalizations and other similar events, and will also be adjusted on a full-ratchet basis to equal the price per share of any subsequent financing. The notes are secured by a first priority interest in all current and future assets of the Company, which will be cancelled upon repayment of the notes or upon conversion of at least 50% of the principal amount of the notes into shares of Company common stock. The notes may be redeemed by the Company at any time for 110% of outstanding principal and interest. The note investors also received, as a part of the financing, warrants for the purchase of up to 625,000 shares of our common stock with an exercise price $0.50 per share (subject to adjustment for stock splits, recapitalizations and other similar events) exercisable for a period of three years. The issuance of these securities was exempt from registration pursuant to Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933. On January 25, 2010, the Company consummated the first closing of a private placement of its equity securities with certain accredited investors pursuant to a Subscription Agreement (the “Subscription agreement) for total consideration of $700,000. The Company issued to the investors secured convertible notes with a two year term, bearing 10% interest per annum, convertible into common stock of the Company at a conversion price of $0.20 per share, which is subject to adjustment for stock splits, recapitalizations and other similar events, and will also be adjusted on a full-ratchet basis to equal the price per share of any subsequent financing. The notes are secured by a first priority interest in all current and future assets of the Company, which will be cancelled upon repayment of the notes or upon conversion of at least 50% of the principal amount of the notes into shares of Company common stock. The notes may be redeemed by the Company at any time for 110% of outstanding principal and interest. The note investors also received, as a part of the financing, warrants for the purchase of up to 3.5 million shares of our common stock with an exercise price $0.50 per share (subject to adjustment for stock splits, recapitalizations and other similar events) exercisable for a period of three years. The issuance of these securities was exempt from registration pursuant to Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933. II-5 On July 2, 2009, we entered into a Corporate Communications Consulting Agreement (the “Consulting Agreement”) with Michael Southworth (the “Consultant”). Under the Consulting Agreement, the Consultant agreed to provide consulting services for the company related to communicating with our shareholders and potential investors. Under the terms of the Consulting Agreement we agreed to pay Consultant $35,000 and issue One Million (1,000,000) shares of our common stock to compensate him for his services upon certain thresholds being met. The thresholds were met on September 25, 2009, and as a result we paid Consultant $35,000 on or about September 28, 2009, and we issued the shares on December 14, 2009. This issuance was exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, since Consultant is a sophisticated investor, has access to the type of information normally provided in a prospectus and does not currently intend to resell or distribute the securities to the public. On September 25, 2009, the Company closed a private placement of our equity securities. We issued a total of 3,338,385 shares of our common stock, restricted in accordance with Rule 144, to 157 accredited investors, for total consideration of $467,369. In addition, we issued to the investors warrants to acquire another 3,338,385 shares of our common stock at $0.35 per share, exercisable for a period of three years. The issuances were exempt from registration pursuant to Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, and all of the investors were accredited. On April 1, 2008, the Company issued to Investor Relations International (“IRI”) 250,000 restricted common stocks valued at $275,000, to render investor relations and financial communication services. This issuance was exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, since IRI is a sophisticated investor, has access to the type of information normally provided in a prospectus and does not currently intend to resell or distribute the securities to the public. As of October 30, 2008, the Company sold 108,695 shares to an unrelated party for $50,000. The amount was received directly by a related party, and the Company shows a receivable from the related party for such amount. The related party receivable is interest free, due on demand, unsecured and has been reflected in the equity section in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The unrelated party represented that it was an “accredited investor” as defined in Rule 501 under the Securities Act. We relied upon the exemption from registration as set forth in Section 4(2) of the Securities Act for the issuance of these securities. In accordance with the Agreement for Conversion of Debt dated November 1, 2007 by and between the Company and Umesh Patel, on or near November 16, 2007, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock to Mr. Patel. In addition, the Company issued to Mr. Patel a warrant to purchase 1,250,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $.50 per share. The warrant has a five year term and contains a cashless exercise provision. The Company relied on the exemption contained in Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 in making this issuance. In accordance with the Agreement for Conversion of Debentures dated November 1, 2007 by and between the Company and David L. Kagel, Trustee, on or near November 16, 2007, the Company issued the following shares of common stock: (i) Chi Group, Inc. - 1,156,666 shares; (ii) Up and Running Productions, Inc. - 1,256,666 shares; (iii) Linear Capital Group, Inc. - ,156,157 shares; and (iv) Laura Anthony, Esquire - 30,000 shares. The Company relied on the exemption contained in Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933 in making this issuance. In accordance with the Amended Exchange Agreement described above, the Company issued 21,000,000 shares of newly issued common stock and 5,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to the Yongxin shareholders or their designees on November 17, 2007, as follows: Name Number of Common Stock Number of Series A Preferred Stock Misala Holdings Inc. BVI 600,000 3,000,000 Boom Day Investments Ltd. BVI 5,400,000 2,000,000 Accord Success Ltd. BVI 5,400,000 Perfect Sum Investment Ltd. BVI 1,200,000 Full Spring Group Ltd. BVI 1,800,000 Grand Opus Co. Ltd. BVI 2,400,000 Master Power Holdings Corp Ltd. BVI 4,200,000 TOTAL 21,000,000 5,000,000 The Company relied on the exemption contained in Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 issuing the above securities. On December 16, 2009, we issued 20,000,000 shares of our common stock (the “Conversion Shares”) in connection with the conversion by Misala Holdings Inc. and Boom Day Investments Ltd. of an aggregate 3,333,333 shares of their Series A Preferred Stock into common stock. We relied upon the exemption from registration as set forth in Section 4(2) of the Securities Act for the issuance of the Conversion Shares in connection with the conversions. II-6 The number of shares and shares prices reflected in Item 15 are prior to the 1-for-12 reverse stock split on May 24, 2010. Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. Exhibit Number Description 1.1 Form of Underwriting Agreement ** 2.1 Exchange Agreement by and between Digital Learning Management Corporation and Changchun Yongxin Dirui Medical Co., Ltd dated December 21, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 28, 2006). 2.2 First Amendment to Share Exchange Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2007, by and among Digital Learning Management Corporation, Changchun Yongxin Dirui Medical Co., Ltd. (“Yongxin”) and the shareholders of Yongxin (incorporated by reference to Exhibit B to the Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on September 14, 2007) 2.3 Second Amendment to the Share Exchange Agreement, dated as of April 12, 2008,and effective as of November 16, 2007, by and among Nutradyne Group, Inc., Changchun Yongxin Dirui Medical Co., Ltd. (“Yongxin”) and the shareholders of Yongxin (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2008) 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 to the Company’s General Form For Registration of Securities of Small Business Issuers on Form 10-SB, filed with the SEC on November 5, 1999). 3.2 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A of the Company’s definitive information statement on Schedule 14C filed with the SEC on February 25, 2004). 3.3 Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 27, 2004). 3.4 Certificate of Ownership and Merger Merging China Yongxin Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Nutradyne Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K Filed with the SEC on May 9, 2008). 3.5 Certificate of Amendment and Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of China Yongxin Pharmaceuticals Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 21, 2010) 3.6 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of China Yongxin Pharmaceuticals Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 24, 2010) 3.7 Text of Amendments to the Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 24, 2010) 4.1 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant to be granted to Rodman & Renshaw LLC ** 5.1 Opinion of Richardson & Patel LLP ** 10.1 Summary English Translation of the Company’s Form Lease Agreement for its Retail Drugstores (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K Filed with the SEC on April 15, 2009). 10.2 Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K Filed with the SEC on September 25, 2009). 10.3 Corporate Communications Consulting Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K Filed with the SEC on December 23, 2009). II-7 10.4 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K Filed with the SEC on January 26, 2010). 10.5 Form of Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K Filed with the SEC on January 26, 2010). 10.6 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K Filed with the SEC on January 26, 2010). 10.7 Form of Stock Pledge Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K Filed with the SEC on January 26, 2010). 10.8 Form of Subsidiary Guaranty Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K Filed with the SEC on January 26, 2010). 10.9 Form of Lock Up Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K Filed with the SEC on January 26, 2010). 10.10 Form of Leakout Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K Filed with the SEC on January 26, 2010). 10.11 Form of Collateral Agent Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K Filed with the SEC on January 26, 2010). 10.12 Form of Director Offer and Acceptance Letter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K Filed with the SEC on March 4, 2010). 10.13 Equity Transfer Agreement by and between Yongxin and Sun Shi Wei dated November 21, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.2 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2010). 10.14 Stock Purchase Agreement between the Company and PmMaster Beijing Software Co., Ltd. dated March 1, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.2 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2010). 10.15 Amended and Restated Director’s Offer and Acceptance Letter dated March 15, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.2 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2010). 10.16 Share Purchase Agreement by and among Digital Learning Management Corp., Yongxin Liu and Yongkui Liu dated May 13, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.2 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2010). 10.17 Sino-Foreign Joint Venture Operation Agreement by and among Digital Learning Management Corp., Yongxin Liu and Yongkui Liu dated May 13, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.2 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2010). 10.18 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K Filed with the SEC on April 12, 2010). 10.19 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K Filed with the SEC on April 12, 2010). 10.20 Entrustment Agreement between Changchun Yongxin Dirui Medical Co., Ltd., Mr. Yongxin Liu, and Mr. Yongkui Liu dated May 17, 2010. * 10.21 Equity Transfer Agreement dated May 17, 2010 (Yongxin Liu). * 10.22 Equity Transfer Agreement dated May 17, 2010 (Yongkui Liu). * 10.23 Legal Opinion of Allbright Law Offices dated June 8, 2010. * II-8 21.1 List of Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.2 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2010). 23.1 Consent of Kabani & Company, Inc. * 23.2 Consent of Richardson & Patel LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1) ** 24.1 Power of Attorney (included as part of the signature page to the registration statement) * Filed herewith. ** To be filed by amendment. Item 17. Undertakings. (a) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to: (1) File, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement to: i. Include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”); ii. Reflect in the prospectus any facts or events which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Securities and Commission (the “Commission”) pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; and iii. Include any additional or changed material information on the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement. (2) For determining liability under the Securities Act, each such post-effective amendment as a new registration statement relating to the securities offered, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering. (3) File a post-effective amendment to remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities that remain unsold at the end of the offering. (6) For determining liability of the undersigned small business issuer under the Securities Act to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned small business issuer undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned small business issuer pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned small business issuer will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: i. Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned small business issuer relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; ii. Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned small business issuer or used or referred to by the undersigned small business issuer; iii. The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned small business issuer or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned small business issuer; and II-9 iv. Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned small business issuer to the purchaser. (b) Provide to the underwriters at the closing specified in the underwriting agreements, certificates in such denominations and registered in such names as required by the underwriters to permit prompt delivery to each purchaser. (c) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the small business issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the small business issuer has been advised that in the opinion of the Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the small business issuer of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the small business issuer in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the small business issuer will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. (d) (1) For determining any liability under the Securities Act, treat the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the small business issuer under Rule 424(b)(1), or (4), or 497(h) under the Securities Act as part of this registration statement as of the time the Commission declared it effective. (2) For determining any liability under the Securities Act, treat each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus as a new registration statement for the securities offered in the registration statement, and that offering of the securities at that time as the initial bona fide offering of those securities. II-10 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in the City of Changchun, People’s Republic of China, on June 9, 2010. CHINA YONGXIN PHARMACEUTICALS INC. By: /s/ Yongxin Liu Yongxin Liu Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Harry Zhang Harry Zhang Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Yongxin Liu and Harry Zhang, jointly and severally, as his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of China Yongxin Pharmaceuticals Inc. and any or all amendments (including post-effective amendments) thereto and any new registration statement with respect to the offering contemplated thereby filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) of the Securities Act, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary to be done in and about the premises hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated: Signature Title Date /s/ Yongxin Liu June 9, 2010 Yongxin Liu Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer /s/ Ning Liu June 9, 2010 Ning Liu President, Chief Operating Officer and Director /s/ Harry Zhang June 9, 2010 Harry Zhang Chief Financial Officer and Director /s/ Hal Lieberman June 9, 2010 Hal Lieberman Director /s/ Laura Philips June 9, 2010 Laura Philips Director /s/ Jingang Wang June 9, 2010 Jingang Wang Director /s/ Bing Li June 9, 2010 Bing Li Director II-11
