fs1_chinayida.htm SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 –––––––––––––––– FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 –––––––––––––––– CHINA YIDA HOLDING, CO. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) DELAWARE (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) 22-3662292 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) –––––––––––––––– RM 1302-3 13/F, Crocodile House II 55 Connaught Road Central, Hong Kong 86-591-28308388 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) –––––––––––––––– Chen Minhua Chief Executive Officer RM 1302-3 13/F, Crocodile House II 55 Connaught Road Central, Hong Kong 86-591-28308388 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies to: Eric Stein, Esq. Anslow & Jaclin, LLP 195 Route 9 South, Suite 204 Manalapan, New Jersey 07726 (732) 409-1212 Approximate Date of Commencement of Proposed Sale to the Public: from time to time after the effective date of this Registration Statement as determined by market conditions and other factors. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered o3 a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box:  If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.  If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.  If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.  If delivery of the prospectus is expected to be made pursuant to Rule 434, please check the following box.  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company x (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) o Table of Contents CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of Each Class of Securities to be Registered Amount To Be Registered Proposed Maximum Offering Price Per Share Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price Amount of Registration Fee Common Stock, $.001 par value(1) 13,333,334 $1.05 $14,000,000.70 $550.20 Common Stock, $.001 par value(2) 6,666,667 $1.25 $8,333,333.75 $327.50 Common Stock, $.001 par value(3) 13,333,333 $1.05 $13,999,999.65 $550.20 Total 33,333,334 $36,333,334.10 $1427.90 (1) Represents 13,333,334 common shares purchased by the Investors as set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement dated March 7, 2008, attached hereto as an exhibit. (2) Represents 6,666,667 common shares that may be purchased, pursuant to Class A Warrants issued to the Investors set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement dated March 7, 2008, attached hereto as an exhibit. (3) Represents 13,333,333 common shares placed in escrow as part of the Make Good Agreement dated March 7, 2008, attached hereto as an exhibit, executed by and among Pope Investments II LLC the Investor Agent and the Company. The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until this registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. The selling stockholders may not sell these securities until the registration filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This preliminary prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and neither we nor the selling stockholders are soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION May__, 2008 Table of Contents PROSPECTUS 33,333,334 shares of Common Stock CHINA YIDA HOLDING, CO. This prospectus relates to the sale or other disposition by the selling stockholders identified in this prospectus, or their transferees, of up to 33,333,334 shares of our common stock, which includes, 13,333,334 shares of common stock and warrants to Pope Investments II LLC and the other investors (collectively, the “Investors”). Pursuant to its terms, the warrants can be converted into 6,666,667 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $1.25 per share (the "Warrant"), 13,333,333 Make Good shares pursuant to the Make Good Agreement. The Warrants can be exercised beginning on September 6, 2008 and will expire on September 6, 2011. We will receive no proceeds from the sale or other disposition of the shares, or interests therein, by the selling stockholders. However, we will receive proceeds in the amount of $8,333,333.75 assuming the cash exercise of all of the warrants held by the selling stockholders, subject to certain of the warrants being exercised under a “cashless exercise” right. Our common stock is traded on the over-the-counter electronic bulletin board. Our trading symbol is CYID. On April 17, 2008, the last bid price as reported was $1.30 per share. The selling stockholders, and any participating broker-dealers may be deemed to be “underwriters” within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, and any commissions or discounts given to any such broker-dealer may be regarded as underwriting commissions or discounts under the Securities Act. The selling stockholders have informed us that they do not have any agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute their common stock. Brokers or dealers effecting transaction in the shares should confirm the registration of these securities under the securities laws of the states in which transactions occur or the existence of our exemption from registration. An investment in shares of our common stock involves a high degree of risk. We urge you to carefully consider the Risk Factors beginning on page 5 . Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. May__, 2008 Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE Prospectus Summary 1 Risk Factors 6 Use of Proceeds 15 Determination of Offering Price 15 Dilution 15 Selling Security Holders 15 Plan of Distribution 17 Description of Securities to be Registered 18 Interests of Named Experts and Counsel 18 Description of Business 19 Description of Property 24 Legal Proceedings 24 Index to Financial Statements F-1 Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Financial Results 27 Executive Compensation 32 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 32 Table of Contents PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information contained elsewhere in this prospectus. This summary does not contain all the information that you should consider before investing in the common stock. You should carefully read the entire prospectus, including “Risk Factors”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the Consolidated Financial Statements, before making an investment decision . THE COMPANY Background China Yida Holdings Co. was originally incorporated on June 4, 1999 as Apta Holdings, Inc. (“Apta”) in the State of Delaware. Apta was a wholly owned subsidiary of ARCA Corp. and Apta subsequently acquired all of ARCA’s assets and liabilities as part of ARCA’s merger with another company. On November 22, 2002, Apta entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Convergix, Inc. whereby Apta acquired all of the shares of Convergix in exchange for issuing 25,000,000 shares of Apta to the shareholders of Convergix, Inc. Pursuant to this Share Exchange Agreement, the control of Apta changed and Ralph Eisenschmid, Jock English and Malcolm Little became the new directors of Apta. As part of the Share Exchange Agreement, Apta changed its name to InteliSys Aviation Systems of America, Inc.(“InteliSys”) to better reflect its business. This name change was filed with the State of Delaware on July 21, 2003. In addition, Apta increased its authorized shares to 50,000,000 as evidenced by the Amendment filed with the State of Delaware on December 5, 2003. Prior to June 29, 2006, InteliSys was a provider of integrated software solutions for regional, mid-sized airlines and fleet operators. On June 29, 2006, certain of our subsidiaries which were incorporated in Canada, Convergix Inc., Cynaptec Information Systems Inc., InteliSys Aviation Systems Inc., InteliSys Acquisition Inc., and InteliSys (NS) Co. (the “Canadian Subsidiaries”), filed with the Queens Bench of the Province of New Brunswick, Canada, a Notice of Intention to make a Proposal under the Canadian Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (the “Notice of Intention”). On August 7, 2006, we filed with the Queens Bench of the Province of New Brunswick, Canada, a Notice of Intention to make a Proposal under the Canadian Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (the “Notice of Intention”). On August 31, 2006, we filed with the Queens Bench a proposal to make a settlement with our creditors pursuant to Section 50.4(1) of the Canadian Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (the “Settlement Proposal”), in which we proposed that our debts be settled as follows: (a) Secured creditors will be paid in accordance with present arrangements or as may be arranged between them and us; (b) Holders of preferred claims under the Canadian Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act will be paid by September 30, 2006; (c) Tax liabilities owed by us to the Canadian government will be paid within 90 days after the Settlement Proposal is approved by the Queens Bench; and (d) Unsecured creditors will be paid by September 30, 2006. 1 Table of Contents On October 4, 2006, the proposal submitted by us and the proposal submitted by our subsidiaries in the Court of Queen’s Bench of the Province of New Brunswick, Canada were approved by the Court. Pursuant to such proposal, a new company consisting of our existing employees and a group of new equity investors (“Newco”) would acquire all the assets of our subsidiaries (the “Subsidiaries”). Jock English, Chief Operating Officer of our Company, would be the Chief Executive Officer and President of Newco. The consideration for such purchase would consist of $200,000 CDN in cash and $250,000 CDN in 3-year 8% notes to be issued by Newco (the “Newco Notes”). Such notes would be secured by all the assets of Newco. In addition, the beneficial ownership of Newco would be held by certain of the current employees of the Subsidiaries and irrevocably transferred to the holders of the Notes if the intellectual property of Newco was ever sold, there would be a sale of more than 51% of the initial common shares of Newco or the initiation of any process to take Newco public within 3 years of the Court Order. If the Newco Notes were in default, the 3-year period would be extended to 5 years. In accordance with the terms of the proposal, the secured claims of the creditors of the Subsidiaries were assumed by Newco. The unsecured claims of our creditors received $1,250 CDN within two months of court approval of the proposal. After the payment of fees and any taxes owed pursuant to the Income Tax Act (Canada), the Class A Unsecured Creditors of the Subsidiaries received $150 CDN in cash for each claim, the balance of cash from the sale of assets after payment to secured creditors and the balance thereof by having their respective proportion share of the Newco Notes. We, as the Class B Creditor, did not receive any cash or Newco notes from the sale of the subsidiaries. The Class C creditors (the employees of the subsidiaries) received $50,000 CDN in Newco notes which were distributed on a prorata basis. The Court of Queen’s Bench of the Province of New Brunswick, Canada approved the proposals on October 6, 2006. The Court issued a Court Order ordering the sale of all assets of the subsidiaries to Newco, subject to the conditions of the proposal. On November 17, 2006, subject to the terms of the Court Order issued by the Court of Queen's Bench of the Province of New Brunswick, all assets of the Canadian Subsidiaries were sold to 627450 New Brunswick Inc. Since November 17, 2006, we did not have any operations or revenues and had decided to attempt to acquire other assets or business operations that will maximize shareholder value. History Keenway Limited was incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands on May 9, 2007 for the purpose of functioning as an off-shore holding company to obtain ownership interests in Hong Kong Yi Tat International Investment Co., Ltd. Its registration number is CR-187088, and its registered address of Scotia Centre, 4th Floor, P. O. Box 2804, George Town, Grand, Cayman, KY1-1112, Cayman Islands. Mr. CHEN Minhua and Ms. FAN Yanling, his spouse, were majority shareholders of Keenway, prior to the Merger. Share Exchange On November 19, 2007, Chen Minhua, Fan Yanling, Extra Profit International Limited, Luck Glory International Limited, and Zhang Xinchen (collectively, the Keenway Shareholders”), Keenway Limited, Hong Kong Yi Tat and we entered into a definitive Share Exchange Agreement (“Exchange Agreement”) which resulted in Keenway becoming our wholly owned subsidiary (the “Merger”). The Merger was accomplished by means of a share exchange in which the Keenway Shareholders exchanged all of their stock in Keenway for the transfer and additional issuance of our common stock. Under the terms of the Exchange Agreement and as a result of the Merger:  Keenway became our wholly owned subsidiary;  In exchange for all of their shares of Keenway common stock, the Keenway Shareholders received 90,903,246 newly issued shares of our common stock and 3,641,796 shares of our common stock which was transferred from certain InteliSys Shareholders;  Immediately following the closing of the Merger, the Keenway Shareholders own approximately 94.5% of our issued and outstanding shares on a fully diluted basis. This transaction closed on November 19, 2007. 2 Table of Contents RECENT DEVELOPMENTS On March 7, 2008, we entered into a definitive Securities Purchase Agreement for the sale of units of securities of the Company aggregating up to a maximum of $14,000,000 (the “Securities Purchase Agreement), attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1. Each unit of securities consist of: one (1) share of Company common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the “Common Stock”); and (ii) a Class A warrant to purchase an additional number of shares equal to 50% of the Common Stock. The purchase price is $1.05 per unit. In connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company entered into (i) a Registration Rights Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit 10.2; (ii) a Lock-Up Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit 10.3; and (iii) a Make Good Agreement, attached hereto as Exhibit 10.4 (together with the Securities Purchase Agreement, these agreements shall be referred to as the “Financing Documents”). The private placement closed simultaneously with the signing of the Financing Documents and the Company issuing 13,333,334 shares of common stock and warrants to Pope Investments II LLC and the other investors (collectively, the “Investors”). Pursuant to its terms, the warrants can be converted into 6,666,667 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $1.25 per share (the "Warrant"). The Warrants can be exercised beginning on September 6, 2008 and will expire on September 6, 2011. A copy of the Warrant is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.5. In connection with the private placement and as part of the Financing Documents, we also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement, whereby, we have agreed to file a registration statement on Form S-1 (or other applicable Form) within 60 days of the close of this financing. Additionally, our majority shareholders, Chen Minhua and Fan Yanling, and we entered into a Lock-Up Agreement whereby both Fan Yanling and Chen Minhua agreed not to sell any securities for a period of 12 months after the initial registration statement associated with this financing is declared effective. Lastly, our Chairman and we entered into a Make Good Agreement whereby Chairman Chen Minhua has pledged 13,333,334 shares of his common stock of the Company as security that the Company reach certain earnings thresholds for fiscal years ended 2007 and 2008 (the “Make Good Shares”). If the Company meets these thresholds, the Make Good Shares will be released from escrow and returned to Chairman Chen Minhua. Alternatively, if the Company fails to meet the earnings requirements, the Make Good Shares will be released to the Investors as additional compensation. THE OFFERING Securities Covered Hereby 33,333,334 shares of common stock and warrants to Pope Investments II LLC and the other investors (collectively, the “Investors”). Pursuant to its terms, the warrants can be converted into 6,666,667 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $1.25 per share (the "Warrant"), 13,333,333 Make Good shares pursuant to the Make Good Agreement. The Warrants can be exercised beginning on September 6, 2008 and will expire on September 6, 2011. Common Stock Outstanding Prior to the Offering 68,084,487 shares Common Stock to be Outstanding after the Offering 74,751,154 shares, assuming the selling stockholders exercise all their warrants, and no conversion of other series of outstanding preferred stock nor exercise of the other outstanding warrants and options. Use of Proceeds We will receive no proceeds from the sale or other disposition of the shares of common stock covered hereby by the selling stockholders. However, we will receive $8,333,333.75 if all of the warrants for underlying shares included in this prospectus are exercised for cash. We will use these proceeds for general corporate purposes. OTC Electronic Bulletin Board Symbol “CYID” 3 Table of Contents FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS Information included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus may contain forward-looking statements. This information may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements, which involve assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words “may,” “should,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “believe,” “intend” or “project” or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. This prospectus contains forward-looking statements, including statements regarding, among other things, (a) our projected sales and profitability, (b) our technology, (c) our manufacturing, (d) the regulation to which we are subject, (e) anticipated trends in our industry and (f) our needs for working capital. These statements may be found under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operations” and “Business,” as well as in this prospectus generally. Actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed in forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, without limitation, the risks outlined under “Risk Factors” and matters described in this prospectus generally. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus will in fact occur. Except as otherwise required by applicable laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements or the risk factors described in the prospectus, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or any other reason after the date of this prospectus. AVAILABLE INFORMATION We have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act with respect to the common stock offered hereby. This prospectus, which constitutes part of the registration statement, does not contain all of the information set forth in the registration statement and the exhibits and schedule thereto, certain parts of which are omitted in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. For further information regarding our common stock and our company, please review the registration statement, including exhibits, schedules and reports filed as a part thereof. Statements in this prospectus as to the contents of any contract or other document filed as an exhibit to the registration statement, set forth the material terms of such contract or other document but are not necessarily complete, and in each instance reference is made to the copy of such document filed as an exhibit to the registration statement, each such statement being qualified in all respects by such reference. We are also subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act which requires us to file reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Such reports, proxy statements and other information along with the registration statement, including the exhibits and schedules thereto, may be inspected at public reference facilities of the SEC at 100 F Street N.E, Washington D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC at prescribed rates. You may call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the operation of the public reference room. Because we file documents electronically with the SEC, you may also obtain this information by visiting the SEC’s Internet website at http://www.sec.gov. 4 Table of Contents ITEM 3. SUMMARY INFORMATION, RISK FACTORS AND RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES The following tables set forth key components of our results of operations for the periods indicated, in dollars, and key components of our revenue for the period indicated, in dollars. Fiscal year ended December 31, 2007 Compared to fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 DECEMBER 31 ， 2007 2006 Net revenue Advertisement $ 12,246,964 $ 7,651,441 Tourism 2,330,801 2,560,392 Total 14,577,765 10,211,833 Cost of revenue Advertisement 2,000,684 2,205,646 Tourism 70,726 78,782 Total (2,071,409 ) (2,284,428 ) Gross profit 12,506,356 7,927,405 Operating expenses Selling expenses 973,459 765,118 Operating and administrative expenses 2,622,417 1,075,194 Total operating expenses 3,595,876 1,840,312 Income from operations 8,910,480 6,087,093 Other (income) expense Other income - donation income (2,437,333 ) - Other expenses 8,869 19,801 Interest expense 221,058 250,240 Interest income (1,775 ) (2,347 ) Finance expense 4,742 2,763 Total other (income) expense (2,204,440 ) 270,457 Income before income taxes 11,114,920 5,816,636 Provision for income taxes 136,770 - Net income 10,978,150 5,816,636 Other comprehensive income Foreign currency translation gain (loss) 961,760 92,640 Comprehensive income $ 11,939,910 $ 5,909,276 Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 94,458,588 81,606,305 Basic and diluted net earnings per share $ 0.12 $ 0.07 5 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS The shares of our common stock being offered for resale by the selling stockholders are highly speculative in nature, involve a high degree of risk and should be purchased only by persons who can afford to lose the entire amount invested in the common stock. Before purchasing any of the shares of common stock, you should carefully consider the following factors relating to our business and prospects. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially adversely affected. In such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks facing us. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the risks described below together with all of the other information included in this report before making an investment decision with regard to our securities. The statements contained in or incorporated into this offering that are not historic facts are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by forward-looking statements. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks Relating to Our Business · WE NEED TO MANAGE GROWTH IN OPERATIONS TO MAXIMIZE OUR POTENTIAL GROWTH AND ACHIEVE OUR EXPECTED REVENUES AND OUR FAILURE TO MANAGE GROWTH WILL CAUSE A DISRUPTION OF OUR OPERATIONS RESULTING IN THE FAILURE TO GENERATE REVENUE. In order to maximize potential growth in our current and potential markets, we believe that we must expand the scope of our services in the tourism and mass media industry. This expansion will place a significant strain on our management and our operational, accounting, and information systems. We expect that we will need to continue to improve our financial controls, operating procedures, and management information systems. We will also need to effectively train, motivate, and manage our employees. Our failure to manage our growth could disrupt our operations and ultimately prevent us from generating the revenues we expect. · WE CANNOT ASSURE YOU THAT OUR INTERNAL GROWTH STRATEGY WILL BE SUCCESSFUL WHICH MAY RESULT IN A NEGATIVE IMPACT ON OUR GROWTH, FINANCIAL CONDITION, RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND CASH FLOW. One of our strategies is to grow internally through increasing the customers we target for advertising campaigns and locations where we promote tourism by penetrating existing markets in PRC and entering new geographic markets in PRC as well as other parts of Asia and globally. However, many obstacles to this expansion exist, including, but not limited to, increased competition from similar businesses, international trade and tariff barriers, unexpected costs, costs associated with marketing efforts abroad and maintaining attractive foreign exchange ratios. We cannot, therefore, assure you that we will be able to successfully overcome such obstacles and establish our services in any additional markets. Our inability to implement this internal growth strategy successfully may have a negative impact on our growth, future financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. · WE CANNOT ASSURE YOU THAT OUR ACQUISITION GROWTH STRATEGY WILL BE SUCCESSFUL RESULTING IN OUR FAILURE TO MEET GROWTH AND REVENUE EXPECTATIONS. In addition to our internal growth strategy, we have also explored the possibility of growing through strategic acquisitions. We intend to pursue opportunities to acquire businesses in PRC that are complementary or related in product lines and business structure to us. We may not be able to locate suitable acquisition candidates at prices that we consider appropriate or to finance acquisitions on terms that are satisfactory to us. If we do identify an appropriate acquisition candidate, we may not be able to negotiate successfully the terms of an acquisition, or, if the acquisition occurs, integrate the acquired business into our existing business. Acquisitions of businesses or other material operations may require debt financing or additional equity financing, resulting in leverage or dilution of ownership. Integration of acquired business operations could disrupt our business by diverting management away from day-to-day operations. The difficulties of integration may be increased by the necessity of coordinating geographically dispersed organizations, integrating personnel with disparate business backgrounds and combining different corporate cultures. 6 Table of Contents We also may not be able to maintain key employees or customers of an acquired business or realize cost efficiencies or synergies or other benefits we anticipated when selecting our acquisition candidates. In addition, we may need to record write-downs from future impairments of intangible assets, which could reduce our future reported earnings. At times, acquisition candidates may have liabilities or adverse operating issues that we fail to discover through due diligence prior to the acquisition. In addition to the above, acquisitions in PRC, including state owned businesses, will be required to comply with laws of the People's Republic of China ("PRC"), to the extent applicable. There can be no assurance that any given proposed acquisition will be able to comply with PRC requirements, rules and/or regulations, or that we will successfully obtain governmental approvals which are necessary to consummate such acquisitions, to the extent required. If our acquisition strategy is unsuccessful, we will not grow our operations and revenues at the rate that we anticipate. · IF WE ARE NOT ABLE TO IMPLEMENT OUR STRATEGIES IN ACHIEVING OUR BUSINESS OBJECTIVES, OUR BUSINESS OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE MAY BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED. Our business plan is based on circumstances currently prevailing and the bases and assumptions that certain circumstances will or will not occur, as well as the inherent risks and uncertainties involved in various stages of development. However, there is no assurance that we will be successful in implementing our strategies or that our strategies, even if implemented, will lead to the successful achievement of our objectives. If we are not able to successfully implement our strategies, our business operations and financial performance may be adversely affected. · WE MAY HAVE DIFFICULTY DEFENDING OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS FROM INFRINGEMENT RESULTING IN LAWSUITS REQUIRING US TO DEVOTE FINANCIAL AND MANAGEMENT RESOURCES THAT WOULD HAVE A NEGATIVE IMPACT ON OUR OPERATING RESULTS. We regard our service marks, trademarks, trade secrets, patents and similar intellectual property as critical to our success. We rely on trademark, patent and trade secret law, as well as confidentiality and license agreements with certain of our employees, customers and others to protect our proprietary rights. We have received trademark protection for certain of our service marks and services in the People's Republic of China. No assurance can be given that our trademarks and licenses will not be challenged, invalidated, infringed or circumvented, or that our intellectual property rights will provide competitive advantages to us. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain a license from a third-party technology that we may need to conduct our business or that such technology can be licensed at a reasonable cost. Presently, we provide our services mainly in PRC. To date, no trademark or patent filings have been made other than in PRC. To the extent that we market our services in other countries, we may have to take additional action to protect our intellectual property. The measures we take to protect our proprietary rights may be inadequate and we cannot give you any assurance that our competitors will not independently develop formulations, processes and services that are substantially equivalent or superior to our own or copy our products. · WE DEPEND ON OUR KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL AND THE LOSS OF THEIR SERVICES COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS. We place substantial reliance upon the efforts and abilities of our executive officers, Chan Minhua, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Fan Yanling, our Vice President of Operations. The loss of the services of any of our executive officers could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, revenues or prospects. We do not maintain key man life insurance on the lives of these individuals. · WE MAY NEVER PAY ANY DIVIDENDS TO SHAREHOLDERS. We have never paid any dividends and have not declared any dividends to date in 2008. Our board of directors does not intend to distribute dividends in the near future. The declaration, payment and amount of any future dividends will be made at the discretion of the board of directors, and will depend upon, among other things, the results of our operations, cash flows and financial condition, operating and capital requirements, and other factors as the board of directors considers relevant. There is no assurance that future dividends will be paid, and, if dividends are paid, there is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividend. 7 Table of Contents · MANAGEMENT EXERCISES SIGNIFICANT CONTROL OVER MATTERS REQUIRING SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL WHICH MAY RESULT IN THE DELAY OR PREVENTION OF A CHANGE IN OUR CONTROL. Mr. Chen Minhua, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, through his common stock ownership, currently has voting power equal to approximately 39.2% of our voting securities. Ms. Fan Yanling, our Vice President of Operations, through her common stock ownership, currently has voting power equal to approximately 39.2% of our voting securities. When combined with the common stock ownership of our other officers and directors, management has combined voting power in our Company equal to approximately 78.4% of our voting securities. As a result, management through such stock ownership exercises significant control over all matters requiring shareholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership in management may also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of us that may be otherwise viewed as beneficial by shareholders other than management. · WE MAY INCUR SIGNIFICANT COSTS TO ENSURE COMPLIANCE WITH UNITED STATES CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND ACCOUNTING REQUIREMENTS. We may incur significant costs associated with our public company reporting requirements, costs associated with newly applicable corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other rules implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission. We expect all of these applicable rules and regulations to significantly increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time consuming and costly. We also expect that these applicable rules and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers. We are currently evaluating and monitoring developments with respect to these newly applicable rules, and we cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. · WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO MEET THE ACCELERATED FILING AND INTERNAL CONTROL REPORTING REQUIREMENTS IMPOSED BY THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION RESULTING IN A POSSIBLE DECLINE IN THE PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK AND OUR INABILITY TO OBTAIN FUTURE FINANCING. As directed by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission adopted rules requiring each public company to include a report of management on the company's internal controls over financial reporting in its annual reports. In addition, the independent registered public accounting firm auditing a company's financial statements must also attest to and report on management's assessment of the effectiveness of the company's internal controls over financial reporting as well as the operating effectiveness of the company's internal controls. While we will not be subject to these requirements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007, we will be subject to these requirements beginning January 1, 2008. While we expect to expend significant resources in developing the necessary documentation and testing procedures required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, there is a risk that we may not be able to comply timely with all of the requirements imposed by this rule. In the event that we are unable to receive a positive attestation from our independent registered public accounting firm with respect to our internal controls, investors and others may lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements and our stock price and ability to obtain equity or debt financing as needed could suffer. In addition, in the event that our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to rely on our internal controls in connection with its audit of our financial statements, and in the further event that it is unable to devise alternative procedures in order to satisfy itself as to the material accuracy of our financial statements and related disclosures, it is possible that we would be unable to file our Annual Report on Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which could also adversely affect the market price of our common stock and our ability to secure additional financing as needed. 8 Table of Contents · WE MAY HAVE DIFFICULTY RAISING NECESSARY CAPITAL TO FUND OPERATIONS AS A RESULT OF MARKET PRICE VOLATILITY FOR OUR SHARES OF COMMON STOCK. In recent years, the securities markets in the United States have experienced a high level of price and volume volatility, and the market price of securities of many companies have experienced wide fluctuations that have not necessarily been related to the operations, performances, underlying asset values or prospects of such companies. For these reasons, our shares of common stock can also be expected to be subject to volatility resulting from purely market forces over which we will have no control. If our business development plans are successful, we may require additional financing to continue to develop and exploit existing and new products and services related to our industries and to expand into new markets. The exploitation of our services may, therefore, be dependent upon our ability to obtain financing through debt and equity or other means. Risks Relating to the People's Republic of China Our business operations take place primarily in China. Because Chinese laws, regulations and policies are continually changing, our Chinese operations will face several risks summarized below. · LIMITATIONS ON CHINESE ECONOMIC MARKET REFORMS MAY DISCOURAGE FOREIGN INVESTMENT IN CHINESE BUSINESSES. The value of investments in Chinese businesses could be adversely affected by political, economic and social uncertainties in China. The economic reforms in China in recent years are regarded by China’s central government as a way to introduce economic market forces into China. Given the overriding desire of the central government leadership to maintain stability in China amid rapid social and economic changes in the country, the economic market reforms of recent years could be slowed, or even reversed. · ANY CHANGE IN POLICY BY THE CHINESE GOVERNMENT COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT INVESTMENTS IN CHINESE BUSINESSES. Changes in policy could result in imposition of restrictions on currency conversion, imports or the source of suppliers, as well as new laws affecting joint ventures and foreign-owned enterprises doing business in China. Although China has been pursuing economic reforms for the past two decades, events such as a change in leadership or social disruptions that may occur upon the proposed privatization of certain state-owned industries, could significantly affect the government’s ability to continue with its reform. · WE FACE ECONOMIC RISKS IN DOING BUSINESS IN CHINA. As a developing nation, China’s economy is more volatile than that of developed Western industrial economies. It differs significantly from that of the U.S. or a Western European country in such respects as structure, level of development, capital reinvestment, resource allocation and self-sufficiency. Only in recent years has the Chinese economy moved from what had been a command economy through the 1970s to one that during the 1990s encouraged substantial private economic activity. In 1993, the Constitution of China was amended to reinforce such economic reforms. The trends of the 1990s indicate that future policies of the Chinese government will emphasize greater utilization of market forces. For example, in 1999, the Government announced plans to amend the Chinese Constitution to recognize private property, although private business will officially remain subordinated to the state-owned companies, which are the mainstay of the Chinese economy. However, there can be no assurance that, under some circumstances, the government’s pursuit of economic reforms will not be restrained or curtailed. Actions by the central government of China could have a significant adverse effect on economic conditions in the country as a whole and on the economic prospects for our Chinese operations. · THE CHINESE LEGAL AND JUDICIAL SYSTEM MAY NEGATIVELY IMPACT FOREIGN INVESTORS. In 1982, the National People’s Congress amended the Constitution of China to authorize foreign investment and guarantee the “lawful rights and interests” of foreign investors in China. However, China’s system of laws is not yet comprehensive. The legal and judicial systems in China are still rudimentary, and enforcement of existing laws is inconsistent. 9 Table of Contents Many judges in China lack the depth of legal training and experience that would be expected of a judge in a more developed country. Because the Chinese judiciary is relatively inexperienced in enforcing the laws that do exist, anticipation of judicial decision-making is more uncertain than would be expected in a more developed country. It may be impossible to obtain swift and equitable enforcement of laws that do exist, or to obtain enforcement of the judgment of one court by a court of another jurisdiction. China’s legal system is based on written statutes; a decision by one judge does not set a legal precedent that is required to be followed by judges in other cases. In addition, the interpretation of Chinese laws may be varied to reflect domestic political changes. The promulgation of new laws, changes to existing laws and the pre-emption of local regulations by national laws may adversely affect foreign investors. However, the trend of legislation over the last 20 years has significantly enhanced the protection of foreign investment and allowed for more control by foreign parties of their investments in Chinese enterprises. There can be no assurance that a change in leadership, social or political disruption, or unforeseen circumstances affecting China’s political, economic or social life, will not affect the Chinese government’s ability to continue to support and pursue these reforms. Such a shift could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. The practical effect of the Peoples Republic of China legal system on our business operations in China can be viewed from two separate but intertwined considerations. First, as a matter of substantive law, the Foreign Invested Enterprise laws provide significant protection from government interference. In addition, these laws guarantee the full enjoyment of the benefits of corporate Articles and contracts to Foreign Invested Enterprise participants. These laws, however, do impose standards concerning corporate formation and governance, which are not qualitatively different from the general corporation laws of the several states. Similarly, the Peoples Republic of China accounting laws mandate accounting practices, which are not consistent with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. China’s accounting laws require that an annual “statutory audit” be performed in accordance with Peoples Republic of China accounting standards and that the books of account of Foreign Invested Enterprises are maintained in accordance with Chinese accounting laws. Article 14 of the Peoples Republic of China Wholly Foreign-Owned Enterprise Law requires a Wholly Foreign-Owned Enterprise to submit certain periodic fiscal reports and statements to designate financial and tax authorities, at the risk of business license revocation. Second, while the enforcement of substantive rights may appear less clear than United States procedures, the Foreign Invested Enterprises and Wholly Foreign-Owned Enterprises are Chinese registered companies, which enjoy the same status as other Chinese registered companies in business-to-business dispute resolution. Generally, the Articles of Association provide that all business disputes pertaining to Foreign Invested Enterprises are to be resolved by the Arbitration Institute of the Stockholm Chamber of Commerce in Stockholm, Sweden, applying Chinese substantive law. Any award rendered by this arbitration tribunal is, by the express terms of the respective Articles of Association, enforceable in accordance with the “United Nations Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards (1958).” Therefore, as a practical matter, although no assurances can be given, the Chinese legal infrastructure, while different in operation from its United States counterpart, should not present any significant impediment to the operation of Foreign Invested Enterprises. · CERTAIN POLITICAL AND ECONOMIC CONSIDERATIONS RELATING TO THE PRC COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR COMPANY. The PRC is transitioning from a planned economy to a market economy. While the PRC government has pursued economic reforms since its adoption of the open-door policy in 1978, a large portion of the PRC economy is still operating under five-year plans and annual state plans. Through these plans and other economic measures, such as control on foreign exchange, taxation and restrictions on foreign participation in the domestic market of various industries, the PRC government exerts considerable direct and indirect influence on the economy. Many of the economic reforms carried out by the PRC government are unprecedented or experimental, and are expected to be refined and improved. Other political, economic and social factors can also lead to further readjustment of such reforms. This refining and readjustment process may not necessarily have a positive effect on our operations or future business development. Our operating results may be adversely affected by changes in the PRC's economic and social conditions as well as by changes in the policies of the PRC government, such as changes in laws and regulations (or the official interpretation thereof), measures which may be introduced to control inflation, changes in the interest rate or method of taxation, and the imposition of additional restrictions on currency conversion. 10 Table of Contents · THE RECENT NATURE AND UNCERTAIN APPLICATION OF MANY PRC LAWS APPLICABLE TO US CREATE AN UNCERTAIN ENVIRONMENT FOR BUSINESS OPERATIONS AND THEY COULD HAVE A NEGATIVE EFFECT ON US. The PRC legal system is a civil law system. Unlike the common law system, the civil law system is based on written statutes in which decided legal cases have little value as precedents. In 1979, the PRC began to promulgate a comprehensive system of laws and has since introduced many laws and regulations to provide general guidance on economic and business practices in the PRC and to regulate foreign investment. Progress has been made in the promulgation of laws and regulations dealing with economic matters such as corporate organization and governance, foreign investment, commerce, taxation and trade. The promulgation of new laws, changes of existing laws and the abrogation of local regulations by national laws could have a negative impact on our business and business prospects. In addition, as these laws, regulations and legal requirements are relatively recent, their interpretation and enforcement involve significant uncertainty. · THE APPROVAL OF THE CHINESE SECURITIES REGULATORY COMMISSION (“CRSC”) MAY BE REQUIRED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING UNDER A RECENTLY ADOPTED PRC REGULATION; SINCE THIS OFFERING DID NOT COMMENCE PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THE REGULATION, WE MAY BE REQUIRED TO OBTAIN CRSC APPROVAL FOR THIS OFFERING AND WE CAN NOT CURRENTLY PREDICT THE CONSEQUENCES OF ANY FAILURE TO OBTAIN SUCH APPROVAL. On August 8, 2006, six PRC regulatory agencies, including the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission, or CSRC, promulgated a regulation that became effective on September 8, 2006. This regulation, among other things, purports to require offshore special purpose vehicles, or SPVs, formed for listing purposes through acquisitions of PRC domestic companies and controlled by PRC individuals to obtain the approval of the CSRC prior to publicly listing their securities on an overseas stock exchange. While the application of this new regulation is not yet clear, we believe, based on the advice of our PRC counsel, that CSRC approval is not required in this transaction because the Company does not control the Chinese operating entities. They strictly have contractual arrangements with the Chinese companies. Although the CSRC is expected to promulgate formal implementing rules and/or regulations and possibly other clarifications, the procedures, criteria and timing for obtaining any required CSRC approval have not been established and it is unclear when these will be established. Since this offering did not commence prior to the effective date of the regulation and our shares of common stock did not commence trading prior to the effective date of the regulation, if the CSRC determines that the Company exercises control over the Chinese operating entities, we may be required to obtain CSRC approval for this offering and we cannot currently predict the criteria, timing or procedures for obtaining the CSRC approval or the consequences of any failure to obtain such approval. · RECENT PRC REGULATIONS RELATING TO THE ESTABLISHMENT OF OFFSHORE SPECIAL PURPOSE COMPANIES BY PRC RESIDENTS MAY SUBJECT OUR PRC RESIDENT SHAREHOLDERS TO PERSONAL LIABILITY AND LIMIT OUR ABILITY TO INJECT CAPITAL INTO OUR PRC SUBSIDIARIES, LIMIT OUR PRC SUBSIDIARIES’ ABILITY TO DISTRIBUTE PROFITS TO US, OR OTHERWISE ADVERSELY AFFECT US. SAFE issued a public notice in October 2005, or the SAFE notice, requiring PRC residents to register with the local SAFE branch before establishing or controlling any company outside of China for the purpose of capital financing with assets or equities of PRC companies, referred to in the notice as an “offshore special purpose company.” PRC residents that are shareholders of offshore special purpose companies established before November 1, 2005 were required to register with the local SAFE branch before March 31, 2006. Our current beneficial owners who are PRC residents have registered with the local SAFE branch as required under the SAFE notice. The failure of these beneficial owners to timely amend their SAFE registrations pursuant to the SAFE notice or the failure of future beneficial owners of our company who are PRC residents to comply with the registration procedures set forth in the SAFE notice may subject such beneficial owners to fines and legal sanctions and may also limit our ability to contribute additional capital into our PRC subsidiaries, limit our PRC subsidiaries’ ability to distribute dividends to our company or otherwise adversely affect our business. 11 Table of Contents Other Risks · CURRENCY CONVERSION AND EXCHANGE RATE VOLATILITY COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION. The PRC government imposes control over the conversion of Renminbi (“RMB”) into foreign currencies. Under the current unified floating exchange rate system, the People's Bank of China publishes an exchange rate, which we refer to as the PBOC exchange rate, based on the previous day's dealings in the inter-bank foreign exchange market. Financial institutions authorized to deal in foreign currency may enter into foreign exchange transactions at exchange rates within an authorized range above or below the PBOC exchange rate according to market conditions. Pursuant to the Foreign Exchange Control Regulations of the PRC issued by the State Council which came into effect on April 1, 1996, and the Regulations on the Administration of Foreign Exchange Settlement, Sale and Payment of the PRC which came into effect on July 1, 1996, regarding foreign exchange control, conversion of Renminbi into foreign exchange by Foreign Investment Enterprises, or FIEs, for use on current account items, including the distribution of dividends and profits to foreign investors, is permissible. FIEs are permitted to convert their after-tax dividends and profits to foreign exchange and remit such foreign exchange to their foreign exchange bank accounts in the PRC. Conversion of Renminbi into foreign currencies for capital account items, including direct investment, loans, and security investment, is still under certain restrictions. On January 14, 1997, the State Council amended the Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and added, among other things, an important provision, which provides that the PRC government shall not impose restrictions on recurring international payments and transfers under current account items. Enterprises in the PRC (including FIEs) which require foreign exchange for transactions relating to current account items, may, without approval of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, effect payment from their foreign exchange account or convert and pay at the designated foreign exchange banks by providing valid receipts and proofs. Convertibility of foreign exchange in respect of capital account items, such as direct investment and capital contribution, is still subject to certain restrictions, and prior approval from the SAFE or its relevant branches must be sought. Since 1994, the exchange rate for Renminbi against the United States dollar has remained relatively stable, most of the time in the region of approximately RMB8.28 to $1.00. However, in 2005, the Chinese government announced that it would begin pegging the exchange rate of the Chinese Renminbi against a number of currencies, rather than just the U.S. dollar. As a result, the exchange rate for the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar became RMB8.02 to $1.00. As our operations are primarily in PRC, any significant revaluation or devaluation of the Chinese Renminbi may materially and adversely affect our cash flows, revenues and financial condition. We may not be able to hedge effectively against it in any such case. For example, to the extent that we need to convert United States dollars into Chinese Renminbi for our operations, appreciation of this currency against the United States dollar could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Conversely, if we decide to convert Chinese Renminbi into United States dollars for other business purposes and the United States dollar appreciates against this currency, the United States dollar equivalent of the Chinese Renminbi we convert would be reduced. There can be no assurance that future movements in the exchange rate of Renminbi and other currencies will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition. Our operating companies are FIEs to which the Foreign Exchange Control Regulations are applicable. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain sufficient foreign exchange to pay dividends or satisfy other foreign exchange requirements in the future. · IT MAY BE DIFFICULT TO AFFECT SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF LEGAL JUDGMENTS UPON OUR COMPANY AND OUR OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS BECAUSE THEY RESIDE OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. As our operations are presently based in PRC and a majority of our directors and all of our officers reside in PRC, service of process on our company and such directors and officers may be difficult to effect within the United States. Also, our main assets are located in PRC and any judgment obtained in the United States against us may not be enforceable outside the United States. 12 Table of Contents · WE MAY EXPERIENCE CURRENCY FLUCTUATION AND LONGER EXCHANGE RATE PAYMENT CYCLES WHICH WILL NEGATIVELY AFFECT THE COSTS OF OUR PRODUCTS SOLD AND THE VALUE OF OUR LOCAL CURRENCY PROFITS. The local currencies in the countries in which we sell our products may fluctuate in value in relation to other currencies. Such fluctuations may affect the costs of our products sold and the value of our local currency profits. While we are not conducting any meaningful operations in countries other than PRC at the present time, we may expand to other countries and may then have an increased risk of exposure of our business to currency fluctuation. · SINCE MOST OF OUR ASSETS ARE LOCATED IN PRC, ANY DIVIDENDS OF PROCEEDS FROM LIQUIDATION IS SUBJECT TO THE APPROVAL OF THE RELEVANT CHINESE GOVERNMENT AGENCIES. Our assets are predominantly located inside PRC. Under the laws governing foreign invested enterprises in PRC, dividend distribution and liquidation are allowed but subject to special procedures under the relevant laws and rules. Any dividend payment will be subject to the decision of the board of directors and subject to foreign exchange rules governing such repatriation. Any liquidation is subject to the relevant government agency's approval and supervision as well as the foreign exchange control. This may generate additional risk for our investors in case of dividend payment and liquidation. · OUR SHARES OF COMMON STOCK ARE VERY THINLY TRADED, AND THE PRICE MAY NOT REFLECT OUR VALUE AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT THERE WILL BE AN ACTIVE MARKET FOR OUR SHARES OF COMMON STOCK EITHER NOW OR IN THE FUTURE. Our shares of common stock are very thinly traded, and the price if traded may not reflect our value. There can be no assurance that there will be an active market for our shares of common stock either now or in the future. The market liquidity will be dependent on the perception of our operating business and any steps that our management might take to bring us to the awareness of investors. There can be no assurance given that there will be any awareness generated. Consequently, investors may not be able to liquidate their investment or liquidate it at a price that reflects the value of the business. If a more active market should develop, the price may be highly volatile. Because there may be a low price for our shares of common stock, many brokerage firms may not be willing to effect transactions in the securities. Even if an investor finds a broker willing to effect a transaction in the shares of our common stock, the combination of brokerage commissions, transfer fees, taxes, if any, and any other selling costs may exceed the selling price. Further, many lending institutions will not permit the use of such shares of common stock as collateral for any loans. · WE MAY BE SUBJECT TO THE PENNY STOCK RULES WHICH WILL MAKE THE SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK MORE DIFFICULT TO SELL. We may be subject now and in the future to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules if our shares of common stock sell below $5.00 per share. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than $5.00. The penny stock rules require broker-dealers to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to completing the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer's confirmation. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction the broker dealer make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written agreement to the transaction. The penny stock rules are burdensome and may reduce purchases of any offerings and reduce the trading activity for shares of our common stock. As long as our shares of common stock are subject to the penny stock rules, the holders of such shares of common stock may find it more difficult to sell their securities. 13 Table of Contents · SALES OF OUR CURRENTLY ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING STOCK MAY BECOME FREELY TRADEABLE PURSUANT TO RULE 144 AND MAY DILUTE THE MARKET FOR YOUR SHARES AND HAVE A DEPRESSIVE EFFECT ON THE PRICE OF THE SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK. A substantial majority of our outstanding shares of common stock are "restricted securities" within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. As restricted shares, these shares may be resold only pursuant to an effective registration statement or under the requirements of Rule 144 or other applicable exemptions from registration under the Act and as required under applicable state securities laws. Rule 144 provides in essence that a person who has held restricted securities for a period of at least one year may, under certain conditions, sell every three months, in brokerage transactions, a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of 1% of a company's outstanding shares of common stock or the average weekly trading volume during the four calendar weeks prior to the sale (the four calendar week rule does not apply to companies quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board). There is no limit on the amount of restricted securities that may be sold by a non-affiliate after the restricted securities have been held by the owner for a period of two years or more and such owner has not been an affiliate for the 90 day period prior to sale. A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from the Act, if available, or pursuant to subsequent registrations of our shares of common stock, may have a depressive effect upon the price of our shares of common stock in any active market that may develop. 14 Table of Contents A dverse changes in political and economic policies of the PRC government could have a material adverse effect on the overall economic growth of China, which could reduce the demand for our services and materially and adversely affect our competitive position. ITEM 4. USE OF PROCEEDS. We will not receive any portion of the proceeds from the sale or other disposition of the shares of common stock covered hereby, or interests therein, by the selling stockholders. We may receive proceeds of up to $8,333,333 if all the warrants held by the selling stockholders are exercised for cash. Management currently anticipates that any such proceeds will be utilized for working capital and other general corporate purposes. We cannot estimate how many, if any, warrants may be exercised as a result of this offering or that they will be exercised for cash. We are obligated to bear the expenses of the registration of the shares. We anticipate that these expenses will be approximately $1,500. ITEM 5. DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE. We are not selling any of the common stock that we are registering. The common stock will be sold by the selling stockholders listed in this prospectus. The selling stockholders may sell the common stock at the market price as of the date of sale or a price negotiated in a private sale. Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol “CYID.” ITEM 6. DILUTION. The information in this section is not required because there is not substantial disparity between the public offering price and the effective cash cost to officers, directors, promoters and affiliated persons of common equity acquired by them in transactions during the past five years and we were subject to the reporting requirements of section 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act immediately prior to filing the registration statement. ITEM 7. SELLING SECURITY HOLDERS. The table below lists the selling stockholders and other information regarding the beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock by each of the selling stockholders. The second column lists the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by each selling stockholder, based on its ownership of the common shares and warrants, as of April 9, 2008. The third column lists the shares of common stock being offered by this prospectus by the selling stockholders. In accordance with the terms of a registration rights agreement with the selling stockholders, this prospectus generally covers the resale of at least 100% of the sum of (i) the number of shares of common stock issued the Company’s private placement as of the Trading Day immediately preceding the date the registration statement is initially filed with the SEC, (ii) (ii) all Warrant Shares (assuming on the date of determination the Warrants are exercised in full without regard to any exercise limitations therein), (iii) any additional shares of Common Stock issuable in connection with any anti-dilution provisions in the Purchase Agreement (as to the Shares) and Warrants (in each case, without giving effect to any limitations on exercise set forth in the Warrants), (v) any securities issued or issuable upon any stock split, dividend or other distribution, recapitalization or similar event with respect to the foregoing, or (vi) any “Escrow Shares” released to the Purchasers in connection with the Make Good Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between the Company, Chen Minhua, an officer, director and principal stockholder of the Company, and an agent of the purchasers (the “ Make Good Agreement ”). 15 Table of Contents Name(1) Shares Beneficially Owned Prior To Offering(1) Shares to be Offered Amount Beneficially Owned After Offering(2) Percent Beneficially Owned After Offering Pope Investments II LLC 5100 Poplar Avenue, Suite 805 Memphis, Tennessee 38137 9,523,810 9,523,810 0 0 Professional Offshore Opportunity Fund, Ltd. 1400 Old Country Road, Suite 206 Westbury, New York 11590 1,904,762 1,904,762 0 0 Jayhawk Private Equity Fund, LP 5410 West 61 st Place, Suite 100 Mission, Kansas 6605 895,969 895,969 0 0 Jayhawk Private Equity Co-Invest Fund, LP 5410 West 61 st Place, Suite 100 Mission, Kansas 66205 56,412 56,412 0 0 Guerrilla Partners L.P. 237 Park Avenue, 9 th Floor New York, New York 10017 285,714 285,714 0 0 Hua-Mei 21 st Century Partners L.P. 237 Park Avenue, 9 th Floor New York, New York 10017 666,667 666,667 0 0 * Less than one percent (1%). 1. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table, the persons and entities named in the table have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned, subject to community property laws where applicable. 2. Assumes the sale of all shares covered hereby. Under the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement entered into as part of the Securities Purchase Agreement, we were obligated to file this registration statement within 60 days of the closing of the placement. In the event this registration statement is not filed timely, we are obligated to make payments of an amount in cash or shares of common stock, or a combination thereof to each of the investors in the Placement, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, an amount equal to 1% of the aggregate unit purchase price paid by each Holder pursuant to the Purchase Agreement for any unregistered Registrable Securities then held by such Holder. The Registration Rights Agreement also provides that we pay all fees and expenses incident to the registration statement, other than brokerage commissions and underwriting discounts of the selling stockholders on the sale of their shares. We do not have any arrangement with any broker-dealer for it to act as an underwriter for the sale of the shares included herein for any of the selling stockholders. Each of the selling stockholders purchased or received the shares offered by it in this prospectus in the ordinary course of business, and at the time of purchase of such shares, it had no agreements or understandings, directly or indirectly, with any person for the distribution of such shares. 16 Table of Contents ITEM 8. PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION Each Selling Stockholder (the “ Selling Stockholders ”) of the common stock and any of their pledgees, assignees and successors-in-interest may, from time to time, sell any or all of their shares of common stock on the OTC Bulletin Board or any other stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the shares are traded or in private transactions. These sales may be at fixed or negotiated prices. A Selling Stockholder may use any one or more of the following methods when selling shares: · ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers; · block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the shares as agent but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction; · purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account; · an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange; · privately negotiated transactions; · settlement of short sales entered into after the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part; · broker-dealers may agree with the Selling Stockholders to sell a specified number of such shares at a stipulated price per share; · through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise; · a combination of any such methods of sale; or · any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law. The Selling Stockholders may also sell shares under Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “ Securities Act ”), if available, rather than under this prospectus. Broker-dealers engaged by the Selling Stockholders may arrange for other brokers-dealers to participate in sales. Broker-dealers may receive commissions or discounts from the Selling Stockholders (or, if any broker-dealer acts as agent for the purchaser of shares, from the purchaser) in amounts to be negotiated, but, except as set forth in a supplement to this Prospectus, in the case of an agency transaction not in excess of a customary brokerage commission in compliance with NASDR Rule 2440; and in the case of a principal transaction a markup or markdown in compliance with NASDR IM-2440. In connection with the sale of the common stock or interests therein, the Selling Stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of the common stock in the course of hedging the positions they assume. The Selling Stockholders may also sell shares of the common stock short and deliver these securities to close out their short positions, or loan or pledge the common stock to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these securities. The Selling Stockholders may also enter into option or other transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions or the creation of one or more derivative securities which require the delivery to such broker-dealer or other financial institution of shares offered by this prospectus, which shares such broker-dealer or other financial institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction). The Selling Stockholders and any broker-dealers or agents that are involved in selling the shares may be deemed to be “underwriters” within the meaning of the Securities Act in connection with such sales. In such event, any commissions received by such broker-dealers or agents and any profit on the resale of the shares purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts under the Securities Act. Each Selling Stockholder has informed the Company that it does not have any written or oral agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the Common Stock. In no event shall any broker-dealer receive fees, commissions and markups which, in the aggregate, would exceed eight percent (8%). The Company is required to pay certain fees and expenses incurred by the Company incident to the registration of the shares. The Company has agreed to indemnify the Selling Stockholders against certain losses, claims, damages and liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. 17 Table of Contents Because Selling Stockholders may be deemed to be “underwriters” within the meaning of the Securities Act, they will be subject to the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act including Rule 172 thereunder. In addition, any securities covered by this prospectus which qualify for sale pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act may be sold under Rule 144 rather than under this prospectus. There is no underwriter or coordinating broker acting in connection with the proposed sale of the resale shares by the Selling Stockholders. We agreed to keep this prospectus effective until the earlier of (i) the date on which the shares may be resold by the Selling Stockholders without registration and without regard to any volume limitations by reason of Rule 144(k) under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect or (ii) all of the shares have been sold pursuant to this prospectus or Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect. The resale shares will be sold only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers if required under applicable state securities laws. In addition, in certain states, the resale shares may not be sold unless they have been registered or qualified for sale in the applicable state or an exemption from the registration or qualification requirement is available and is complied with. Under applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act, any person engaged in the distribution of the resale shares may not simultaneously engage in market making activities with respect to the common stock for the applicable restricted period, as defined in Regulation M, prior to the commencement of the distribution. In addition, the Selling Stockholders will be subject to applicable provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, including Regulation M, which may limit the timing of purchases and sales of shares of the common stock by the Selling Stockholders or any other person. We will make copies of this prospectus available to the Selling Stockholders and have informed them of the need to deliver a copy of this prospectus to each purchaser at or prior to the time of the sale (including by compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act). ITEM 9. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES TO BE REGISTERED. The shares of common stock being offered by the selling stockholders are those issued to the selling stockholders in connection with the private placement and as part of the financing transaction. The private placement closed and resulted in the Company issuing 13,333,334 shares of common stock and warrants to Pope Investments II LLC and the other investors (collectively, the “Investors”) s disclosed in Item 7, above. We are registering 33,333,334 shares of our common stock which includes the common stock sold pursuant to the financing with Pope, the shares underlying the warrants that were sold in connection with the financing and the Make Good Shares. Our common stock may not be modified other than by a vote of the shares outstanding. We are not registering preferred stock. The rights of this common stock will not be limited or qualified in any way by the rights of any other authorized class of securities. Additionally, there is no provision of the registrant’s charter or by-laws that would have an effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of the registrant. Additionally, we are also registering the shares underlying the warrants. Pursuant to its terms, the warrants can be converted into 6,666,667 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $1.25 per share (the "Warrant"). The Warrants can be exercised beginning on September 6, 2007 and will expire on September 6, 2011. We are registering the shares of common stock in order to permit the selling stockholders to offer the shares for resale from time to time. Except for the ownership of the shares of common stock, and the warrants issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, the selling stockholders have not had any material relationship with us within the past three years. ITEM 10. INTERESTS OF NAMED EXPERTS AND COUNSEL. (a) Experts Included in the Prospectus constituting part of this Registration Statement are consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2007 and 2006, which have been audited by Kabani & Co., an independent registered public accounting firm, to the extent and for the periods set forth in their respective report appearing elsewhere herein, and are included in reliance upon such report given upon the authority of such firms as experts in accounting and auditing. Kabani & Co. has not been employed on a contingent basis nor shall Kabani & Co. receive a direct or indirect substantial interest in connection with this offering. 18 Table of Contents (b) Legal Matters Anslow + Jaclin, LLP, Manalapan, New Jersey passed upon the validity of the common stock being offered hereby. Anslow & Jaclin, LLP has not been employed on a contingent basis nor shall Anslow & Jaclin, LLP receive a direct or indirect substantial interest in connection with this offering. ITEM 11. INFORMATION WITH RESPECT OT THE REGISTRANT DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS Keenway Limited is a company incorporated under the laws of Cayman Islands and owns 100% of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Hong Kong Yi Tat International Investment Limited, a limited company incorporated under the laws of Hong Kong Special Administration Region (“Yi Tat”). Yi Tat owns 100% of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Fujian Jintai Tourism Development, a company formed under the laws of the PRC (“Fujian Jintai,” collectively, referred to herein as “Keenway” or the “Company”). Business Our operations are headquartered in China. We are a profitable, mid-sized Chinese company that focuses primarily on two industries: 1) tourism; and 2) mass media. Fujian Jintai Tourism Industrial Development Co., Ltd. is an entity that was established on October 29, 2001, and is domiciled at Floor 4, 1, Helping Street, Taining County, Fujian Province. Its primary business relates to tourism and, specifically, tourism at the Great Golden Lake. The company offers bamboo rafting, parking lot service, photography services and ethnic cultural communications. Fujian Jintai owns 100% of Fuzhou Hongda Commercial Services Co., Ltd. (“Honda”) which was incorporated on July 6, 2007 under the laws of the PRC and is located in Fuzhou City. Hongda’s wholly owned subsidiary is Fuzhou Fuyu Advertising Co., Ltd. (“Fuyu”) which is an entity established on July 31, 2007 with its primary place of business at , No. 5 Xian Fu Road, Zhang Cheng Town, Yongtai County, China. Fujian FETV Media Co., Ltd. is the entity that concentrates on the mass media portion of the business and was established on October 9, 2004 and is domiciled in Wangjiang Tower, 18, Longgu Holiday Inn, Langqi Economic Zone, Fuzhou City. Its primary business is focused on advertisements, including media publishing, television, cultural and artistic communication activities, and performance operation and management activities. These businesses of the Company provide it with a unique opportunity to integrate industries that are at the forefront of Chinese growth. The Company’s business plan focuses around the combination of tourism and mass media and creating growth through the use of relationships established by the Company. History and Corporate Organization Keenway Limited was incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands on May 9, 2007 for the purpose of functioning as an off-shore holding company to obtain ownership interests in Hong Kong Yi Tat International Investment Co., Ltd. Its registration number is CR-187088, and its registered address of Scotia Centre, 4th Floor, P. O. Box 2804, George Town, Grand, Cayman, KY1-1112, Cayman Islands. Mr. CHEN Minhua and Ms. FAN Yanling, his spouse, were majority shareholders of Keenway, prior to the Merger. Merger and Revised Ownership Structure The chart below depicts the corporate structure of the Registrant as of the date of this Registration Statement. As depicted below, pursuant to the Merger, the Registrant owns 100% of the capital stock of Keenway Limited. Keenway Limited, incorporated in the Cayman Islands, owns 100% of Hong Kong Yi Tat International Investment Co., Ltd., a company organized in Hong Kong. Hong Kong Yi Tat International Investment Co., Ltd. wholly owns Fujian Tourism Developments Co., Ltd. and has a contractual relationship for services with Fujian Jiaoguang Media Co., Ltd. (collectively, these entities shall be referred to as the “Keenway Companies”). 19 Table of Contents The current structure is: THE MERGER On November 19, 2007, Chen Minhua, Fan Yanling, Extra Profit International Limited, Luck Glory International Limited, and Zhang Xinchen (collectively, the Keenway Shareholders”), Keenway Limited, Hong Kong Yi Tat and we entered into a definitive Share Exchange Agreement (“Exchange Agreement”) which resulted in Keenway becoming our wholly owned subsidiary (the “Merger”). The Merger was accomplished by means of a share exchange in which the Keenway Shareholders exchanged all of their stock in Keenway for the transfer and additional issuance of our common stock. Under the terms of the Exchange Agreement and as a result of the Merger: · Keenway became our wholly owned subsidiary; · In exchange for all of their shares of Keenway common stock, the Keenway Shareholders received 90,903,246 newly issued shares of our common stock and 3,641,796 shares of our common stock which was transferred from certain InteliSys Shareholders; · Immediately following the closing of the Merger, the Keenway Shareholders own approximately 94.5% of our issued and outstanding shares on a fully diluted basis. This transaction closed on November 19, 2007. PRINCIPAL PRODUCTS The Company is principally in the services business and does not produce or manufacture any products. Its major source of income is from services provided at tourist destinations and advertisement revenue. 20 Table of Contents MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION METHODS OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES The Company operates two wholly owned subsidiaries, Fujian Jintai Tourism Development Co. and Fujian Jiaoguang Media Co. Fujian Jintai Tourism Development Co., Ltd The marketing strategy has two major promotional elements. The first is promoting the unique brand and scenic location through traditional advertisement mediums. These traditional channels include television, radio and print media. To cut costs, the Company has implemented a cost minimization plan whereby the majority of the media advertisement and promotion of the tourist destination is done through Fujian Jintai Tourism Development Co.'s sister company and TV media content provider, Fujian Jiaoguang Media Co. This cost minimization plan allows Fujian Jintai Tourism Development Co. to reduce its cost of advertising while maintaining a relatively high degree of exposure through Fujian Jiaoguang Media Co. and increasing consumer awareness within Fujian province. The second element of the Company's tourist marketing effort is promotion of the scenic destinations through the attainment of nationally and internationally recognized merits of scenic achievement. To this end, the Fujian Jintai Tourism Development Co.’s park has recently received the designation of World Geological Park from the UN and ranked in China’s Top 10 Most Appealing Destinations and Top 50 Places for Foreigners to Visit. By achieving this high degree of recognition, the destination becomes visible on a massive scale increasing the draw of tourists from a provincial to an international level. The goal is to significantly increase the daily visitation rate through attainment of significant merit. Each element of the marketing strategy has been developed in order to increase the international consumer awareness of the Company's tourist destinations, to reduce the associated costs of such awareness and to ultimately increase the usage rate and revenues of the park. Because the tourist destination is a static product/service, its distribution mainly consists of the promotional strategies described in the paragraphs above. The services are promoted and distributed through traditional forms of advertising media. Information and marketing materials regarding the park services are distributed on site. Fujian Jiaoguang Media Co., Ltd The marketing efforts of Fujian Jiaoguang Media Co. can also be split into two categories. The Company acts as a content provider and also offers advertising services to third party advertisers. Each element of its marketing strategy corresponds with one of these two functions. Content Provider: As a provider of television programming and content, the Company markets its products/services mainly through self promotion of programming on its television station, Fujian Education Television or “FETV.” By promoting its own content, Fujian Jiaoguang Media Co. can increase consumer awareness of its programming. The goal of promoting its programming is to increase its daily viewing rates and in turn increase the fees it can charge to third party advertisers. Advertising Services: The revenues of Fujian Jiaoguang Media Co. are mainly produced by the fees it collects for distributing third party advertising content on its television station. The company markets and promotes itself through two avenues. The first element of promotion is achieved through increasing coverage and watch ratios and the second is through strategic partnerships with other media content providers. By achieving high rankings in China's television statistics, the Company becomes better known by potential advertising clients. Fujian Jiaoguang Media Co. recently achieved a 92% coverage ration within Fujian Province. With such a high degree of coverage, advertisers are willing to pay more for the Company’s services. The Company also engages in strategic partnerships with other content providers by which they share and promote each others advertising client base to one another. Oftentimes, the referring content provider will receive a finder's fee for introducing the Company to qualified advertising clients. Fujian Jiaoguang Media Co. has entered into strategic partnerships with several other media content providers in order to increase its exposure to potential advertisers. 21 Table of Contents In addition to the above mentioned marketing strategies, the Company also utilizes the resources of its sister company Fujian Jintai Tourism Development Co. to promote its content provider services. To minimize associated costs of traditional marketing efforts, Fujian Jiaoguang Media Co. advertises its programming throughout Fujian Jintai Tourism Development Co.'s scenic destinations. This avenue allows low cost advertising for the Company. Fujian Jiaoguang Media Co.'s products/services are distributed through its television station. All program content and advertising content is distributed solely through its Fujian Education Television station. STATUS OF PUBLICLY ANNOUNCED NEW PRODUCTS/SERVICES We expect that our company will grow over the next few years. Currently, we own and operate the Great Golden Lake which is a tourist destination in Fujian Province. The Company expects to acquire at least one other tourist destination during the next few months. In addition, the Company intends to acquire an educational based television station in China. These acquisitions will generate growth for the Company and help the Company establish itself in these industries. INDUSTRY AND COMPETITIVE FACTORS Both the tourism industry and the mass media advertising industries are experiencing significant growth in China. New competitors are entering these industries at a record pace. Competition is increasing and it is beginning to become difficult to gain market share and grow. As tourism increases in China, more companies will begin to emerge and try to gain market share from the already established businesses. There are, however, certain factors that we believe will be critical for our growth: · Capitalize on the rapidly growing Chinese tourism market by getting exposure to and name recognition at the most frequented tourist destinations; · Capture market share by offering services to tourists that are of exceptional quality and engage our clients and provide excellent customer support; and · Offer services at an attractive rate to appeal to the widest range of individuals. OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY The Company does not nor does it intend to own any patents or have any of its products or services patented. The Company has, however, obtained a trademark and the exclusive use permission for “Great Golden Lake.” This trademark has been filed with Taining County State-owned Assets Investment Operation Co., Ltd. In the future, we intend to acquire other trademarks from companies that we acquire or file trademarks or patents in order to protect our intellectual property. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES DURING THE PRIOR TWO FISCAL YEARS The Keenway Companies are involved in the tourist industry and mass media markets and, as such, do not have significant research and development activities. Any research and/or development that the Company worked on over the prior two fiscal years has been in connection with analyzing market trends and methods of increasing its tourist activity. The Company did not spend significant money or resources on research and development during the prior two fiscal years. COMPLIANCE WITH ENVIRONMENTAL LAW We comply with the Environmental Protection Law of PRC as well as applicable local regulations. In addition to statutory and regulatory compliance, we actively ensure the environmental sustainability of our operations. Penalties would be levied upon us if we fail to adhere to and maintain certain standards. Such failure has not occurred in the past, and we generally do not anticipate that it will occur in the future, but no assurance can be given in this regard. 22 Table of Contents EMPLOYEES As of November 1, 2007, we had approximately 285 full-time employees, including 11 senior managers. The majority of our workforce is comprised of: Fujian Jintai Tourism Development Co., Ltd: Gender Age of current employee Educational level of employee Management level Employee catagory # Department Total No. of employees M F Under 25 26-35 36-45 46-55 Over 56 High School or 2 year college College Professional Master or above Executive Management Non-Management Full-Time Part-Time Temp Other 1 Company Management 8 7 1 4 3 1 3 3 2 5 3 8 2 Office 8 6 2 2 4 1 1 2 2 2 2 2 6 8 3 Finance Department 14 1 13 4 3 6 1 7 5 2 3 11 14 4 HR Department 2 1 1 1 1 2 1 1 2 5 Quality Control Department 8 4 4 3 2 3 1 2 1 3 5 8 6 Marketing Department 8 5 3 2 3 3 3 4 3 2 8 8 7 Shanqing Stream Ngmt Dept. 174 169 5 17 57 75 23 2 163 10 1 8 166 139 35 8 Golden Lake Site Mgmt 18 9 9 7 7 4 4 11 3 5 13 18 9 Customer Service 4 4 3 1 1 3 1 3 4 10 Facilities Dept. 1 1 1 1 1 1 Total 245 203 42 35 84 97 27 2 181 36 18 8 2 5 27 213 210 35 23 Table of Contents Fujian Jiaoguang Media Co., Ltd: Gender Age of current employee Educational level of employee Management level Employee catagory # Department Total No. of employees M F Under 25 26-35 36-45 46-55 Over 56 High School or 2 year college Professional Certification Bachelor Master or above Executive Management Non-Management Full-Time Part-Time Temp Other 1 Company Management 5 4 1 2 1 2 1 2 2 5 5 2 Business Department 10 5 5 4 5 1 1 2 5 2 2 8 10 3 Promotion/Sales Dept 9 5 4 5 4 4 5 2 7 9 4 Editing Dept 4 1 3 2 1 1 2 2 1 3 4 5 Finance Dept 4 2 2 3 1 1 2 1 1 1 2 4 6 Administrative Department 8 3 5 3 4 1 2 1 3 2 3 5 8 Total 40 20 20 14 19 3 4 0 3 6 17 12 2 6 9 25 40 0 0 0 DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY Tourist Locations We currently have one tourist destination which is known as “the Great Golden Lake.” It is located between the cities Sanming and Nanping of Fujian Province and Fuzhou of Jianxi Province. This property consists of 5 scenic areas: (1) Golden Lake; (2) Shangqing River; (3) Zhuanyuan Rock; (4) Luohan Mountain; and (5) Taining Old Town. The entire property covers more than 230 kilometers. In February of 2005, the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization named the Great Golden Lake as the core spot at the Taining World Geology Park and is behind only the Wuyi Mountain as Fujian Province’s best tourist attractions. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS Neither we, nor any of our controlled affiliates, including the Keenway Companies are involved in any lawsuit outside the ordinary course of business, the disposition of which would have a material effect upon either our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. MARKET PRICE OF AND DIVIDENDS ON THE REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY MARKET FOR OUR COMMON STOCK Public Market for Common Stock Our common stock has been quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol "IYSA.OB" since 1999. In December 2007, the symbol changed to “IAVA.OB” pursuant to a 10 for 1 reverse split. Since the end of the 2007 fiscal year and in February 2008, we effectuated another 10 for 1 reverse stock split and changed our name to China Yida Holding, Co. as a result of the reverse merger that closed on November 17, 2007. Accordingly, our symbol was changed to “CYID.OB.” The following table sets forth the range of quarterly high and sales prices of the common stock as reported on March 24, 2008 for the periods indicated: 24 Table of Contents Price Information* Financial Quarter Ended High Low March 31, 2006 4.40 1.40 June 30, 2006 4.00 1.00 September 30, 2006 1.50 0.80 December 31, 2006 1.20 0.32 March 31, 2007 0.45 0.31 June 30, 2007 0.25 1.60 September 30, 2007 0.35 0.10 December 31, 2007 4.60 0.10 * The quotations do not reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. All prices quoted above are adjusted according to the 10 for 1 reverse split that occurred in November 2007 and the subsequent 10 for 1 reverse split that occurred in February 2008. The source of the high and low sales price information is Nasdaq.com. The Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted Rule 15g-9 which establishes the definition of a “penny stock,” for purposes relevant to us, as any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require: (i) that a broker or dealer approve a person’s account for transactions in penny stocks and (ii) the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. In order to approve a person’s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must (i) obtain financial information and investment experience and objectives of the person; and (ii) make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and that person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared by the Commission relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form, (i) sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination and (ii) that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. Disclosure also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading, and about commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. Reorganization Related Transactions The organization and ownership structure of the Company subsequent to the consummation of the reorganization as summarized in the paragraphs above is as follows: DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES As of April 9, 2008, our authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share. As of April 9, 2008, an aggregate of 68,084,487 shares of Common Stock were outstanding. There are no shares of preferred stock outstanding. Common Stock Subject to preferences that may apply to shares of preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends out of assets legally available at times and in amounts as our board of directors may determine. Each stockholder is entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. Cumulative voting is not provided for in our articles of incorporation or any amendments thereto, which means that the majority of the shares voted can elect all of the directors then standing for election. The Common Stock is not entitled to preemptive rights and is not subject to conversion or redemption. Upon the occurrence of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the holders of shares of Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities and satisfaction of preferential rights of any outstanding preferred stock. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the Common Stock. The outstanding shares of Common Stock are, and the shares of Common Stock to be issued upon conversion of the Warrants will be, fully paid and non-assessable. 25 Table of Contents Preferred Stock Our board of directors has the authority, within the limitations and restrictions in our amended articles of incorporation, to issue 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions thereof, including dividend rights, dividend rates, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, redemption prices, liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting any series or the designation of any series, without further vote or action by the stockholders. The issuance of preferred stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in our control without further action by the stockholders. The issuance of preferred stock with voting and conversion rights may adversely affect the voting power of the holders of Common Stock, including voting rights, of the holders of Common Stock. In some circumstances, this issuance could have the effect of decreasing the market price of the Common Stock. Prior to Closing, there was one share of preferred stock outstanding; however, that share of preferred stock was cancelled pursuant to the terms of the Share Exchange Agreement. We currently have no plans to issue any shares of preferred stock. Transfer Agent and Registrar American Stock Transfer is currently the transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock. Its address is 59 Maiden Lane, Plaza Level, New York 10038. Its phone number is (212) 936-5100. Dividend Policy Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends on shares of our Common Stock will be made at the discretion of our board of directors out of funds legally available for such purpose. We are under no contractual obligations or restrictions to declare or pay dividends on our shares of Common Stock. In addition, we currently have no plans to pay such dividends. However, even if we wish to pay dividends, because our cash flow is dependent on dividend distributions from our affiliated entities in PRC, we may be restricted from distributing dividends to our holders of shares of our common stock in the future if at the time we are unable to obtain sufficient dividend distributions from and of the Keenway Companies. Our board of directors currently intends to retain all earnings for use in the business for the foreseeable future. See “Risk Factors.” 26 Table of Contents CHINA YIDA HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONTENTS PAGE F-1 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM PAGE F-2 BALANCE SHEET PAGE F-3 STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS PAGE F-4 STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIENCY PAGE F-5 STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS PAGES F-6 - F-20 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Board of Directors and Stockholders of China Yida Holding Co. and subsidiaries We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of China Yida Holding Co. and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2007, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for the two year periods ended December 31, 2007. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall consolidated financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of China Yida Holding Co. and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2007, and the consolidated income statements and their consolidated cash flows for the two year periods ended December 31, 2007, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. /s/ Kabani & Company, Inc. Certified Public Accountants Los Angeles, California March 10, 2008 F-1 Table of Contents CHINA YIDA HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET DECEMBER 31, 2007 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 726,631 Accounts receivable 21,965 Other receivables, net 36,532 Amount due from related party 351,450 Prepayments 24,173 Total current assets 1,160,751 Property, plant and equipment, net 8,184,546 Construction in progress, net 278,803 Intangible assets, net 3,956,885 Advances 9,459,052 Total assets $ 23,040,037 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable $ 170,226 Other payable 449,507 Unearned revenue 135,945 Accrued payroll 70,762 Tax payables 1,626,099 Loan payable, short term 1,919,228 Total current liabilities 4,371,767 Stockholders' equity Preferred stock (10,000,000 shares authorized, 0 shares issued and outstanding, par value $0.001 per share) - Common stock (100,000,000 shares authorized and 99,999,547 issued and outstanding, par value $0.001 per share) 100,000 Additional paid in capital 8,501,847 Accumulated other comprehensive income 1,004,344 Retained earning 9,062,079 Total stockholders' equity 18,668,270 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity $ 23,040,037 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements . F-2 Table of Contents CHINA YIDA HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATION FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2007 AND 2006 DECEMBER 31 ， 2007 2006 Net revenue Advertisement $ 12,246,964 $ 7,651,441 Tourism 2,330,801 2,560,392 Total 14,577,765 10,211,833 Cost of revenue Advertisement 2,000,684 2,205,646 Tourism 70,726 78,782 Total (2,071,409 ) (2,284,428 ) Gross profit 12,506,356 7,927,405 Operating expenses Selling expenses 973,459 765,118 Operating and administrative expenses 2,622,417 1,075,194 Total operating expenses 3,595,876 1,840,312 Income from operations 8,910,480 6,087,093 Other (income) expense Other income - donation income (2,437,333 ) - Other expenses 8,869 19,801 Interest expense 221,058 250,240 Interest income (1,775 ) (2,347 ) Finance expense 4,742 2,763 Total other (income) expense (2,204,440 ) 270,457 Income before income taxes 11,114,920 5,816,636 Provision for income taxes 136,770 - Net income 10,978,150 5,816,636 Other comprehensive income Foreign currency translation gain (loss) 961,760 92,640 Comprehensive income $ 11,939,910 $ 5,909,276 Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 94,458,588 81,606,305 Basic and diluted net earnings per share $ 0.12 $ 0.07 The basic and diluted shares are the same because there is no dilutive shares. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents CHINA YIDA HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2007 AND 2006 2007 2006 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net Income $ 10,978,150 $ 5,816,636 Depreciation 357,066 90,267 Amortization 183,333 146,340 (Increase) / decrease in assets: Accounts receivables 156,113 (105,870 ) Other receivables 1,081,853 2,475,620 Prepayments (17,636 ) (242,904 ) Inventories - 6,021 Advances (8,812,439 ) - Accounts payable (72,670 ) (80,840 ) Tax payable 1,031,136 464,876 Unearned revenue 101,934 (203,214 ) Accrued payroll 28,563 16,509 Other payable (580,370 ) (447,640 ) Total Adjustments (6,543,117 ) 2,119,165 Net cash provided by operating activities 4,435,033 7,935,801 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Acquisition of property & equipment (188,013 ) (3,100,186 ) Proceeds from loan to related party 595,290 2,814,469 Increase of construction in progress (2,395,927 ) (2,532,393 ) Net cash used in investing activities (1,988,651 ) (2,818,110 ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Cash contributed - 1,741,293 Payments of loan from related party (1,748,987 ) (8,147,120 ) Proceeds of (payments to) loan (2,103,658 ) 3,385,244 Net cash used in financing activities (3,852,644 ) (3,020,583 ) EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (83,017 ) 47,633 NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (1,489,279 ) 2,144,741 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING BALANCE 2,215,910 71,169 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, ENDING BALANCE $ 726,631 $ 2,215,910 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES: Cash paid during the year for: Income tax payments $ - $ - Interest payments $ 221,058 $ 252,240 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents CHINA YIDA HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2007, AND 2006 # of shares of common stock outstanding Common stock Additional paid in capital Other comprehensive income Retained earning (accumulated deficit) Total Balance at January 1, 2006 75,380,968 $ 75,381 $ 6,747,643 $ (50,056 ) $ (7,732,707 ) $ (959,739 ) Cash contributed 18,634,999 18,635 1,760,188 - - 1,778,823 Foreign currency translation - - - 92,640 - 92,640 Net income for the year ended December 31, 2006 - - - - 5,816,636 5,816,636 Balance at December 31, 2006 94,015,967 94,016 8,507,831 42,584 (1,916,071 ) 6,728,360 Recapitalization 5,983,580 5,984 (5,984 ) - - - Foreign currency translation - - - 961,760 - 961,760 Net income for the year ended December 31, 2007 - - - - 10,978,150 10,978,150 Balance at December 31, 2007 99,999,547 $ 100,000 $ 8,501,847 $ 1,004,344 $ 9,062,079 $ 18,668,270 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents CHINA YIDA HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 1. ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS China Yida Holding Co. (“the Company”, “we”, “us”, “our”) was formerly a provider of commercial reservation systems and integrated software solutions for low fare, regional, and mid-sized airlines. On November 17, 2006, subject to the terms of the Court Order issued by the Court of Queen's Bench of the Province of New Brunswick, all assets of the Canadian Subsidiaries were sold to 627450 New Brunswick Inc. We were originally incorporated on June 4, 1999 as Apta Holdings, Inc. (“Apta”) in the State of Delaware. In August of 2003, the Company changed its name from Apta Holdings, Inc. to InteliSys Aviation Systems of America Inc ("IASA"), pursuant to a consent of the Company's shareholders, to better reflect its new business activities. IASA was incorporated on June 4, 1999 in the State of Delaware. IASA was formerly engaged in two lines of business: owning and operating income producing real estate, and a finance business which originated and serviced loans to individuals and to businesses. The real estate business was spun off in 2000. The finance business was sold prior to December 31, 2002. On December 31, 2002, IASA acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding common stock of CONVERGix, Inc. ("CONVERGix"), a Canadian corporation, pursuant to a share exchange agreement dated November 22, 2002. Under the share exchange agreement, IASA issued 3,295,000 shares of its common stock plus 21,788,333 of Class B Special "exchangeable shares" of Intelisys Acquisition, Inc., a 100% owned subsidiary of IASA. The exchangeable shares have equal voting rights and equal economic value as IASA common stock. These exchangeable shares may be exchanged by the holder at any time on a one-for-one basis for IASA common stock, and if not exchanged prior to December 31, 2012, will be exchanged for IASA common stock on that date. As a result of the merger, the shareholders of CONVERGix are now shareholders of IASA. In conjunction with the merger, all of the directors and officers of IASA resigned and the shareholders have appointed a new board of directors and officers, which consists of the directors and officers of CONVERGix. The merger was accounted for as a reverse acquisition and resulted in CONVERGix becoming the accounting acquirer, whereby the historical financial statements of IASA have become those of CONVERGix. In conjunction with the merger and recapitalization of CONVERGix, CONVERGix's 25,083,333 issued and outstanding common stock were reclassified into common stock of IASA or exchangeable shares of Intelisys Acquistion Inc., which represent IASA common stock equivalents. Because IASA was inactive at December 31, 2002, net assets acquired were Nil. CONVERGix is incorporated under the New Brunswick Business Corporations Act in Canada and is a holding company, which holds investments in two subsidiary companies whose business activities include developing, marketing, installation and support of a suite of aviation enterprise software for the global market. CONVERGix was incorporated on January 18, 2001 in connection with a corporate reorganization of its two subsidiary companies, Cynaptec Information Systems Inc. and InteliSys Aviation Systems Inc. Following this reorganization, CONVERGix owns 100% of the issued and outstanding common shares of Cynaptec Information Systems Inc. and 53% of the issued and outstanding common shares of InteliSys Aviation System Inc. On March 31, 2001, the Company abandoned its operations in Cynaptec Information Systems Inc. in order to concentrate on the development and marketing of the "Amelia" software product developed by InteliSys Aviation Systems Inc. Cynaptec Information Systems Inc. owns 47% of the issued and outstanding common shares of InteliSys Aviation Systems Inc. F-6 Table of Contents CHINA YIDA HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The reorganization on January 18, 2001 did not result in a change of control of Cynaptec Information Systems Inc. and InteliSys Aviation Systems Inc. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and include the following significant accounting policies: On June 29, 2006, all subsidiaries of the Company (the "Registrant") which were incorporated in Canada filed with the Queens Bench of the Province of New Brunswick, Canada, a Notice of Intention to make a proposal under the Canadian Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (the "Notice of Intention"). Such subsidiaries were the following (the "Canadian Subsidiaries"): Convergix Inc.; Cynaptec Information Systems Inc.; Intelisys Aviation Systems Inc,; Intelisys Acquisition Inc.; and Intelisys (NS) Co. On October 4, 2006, the proposal submitted by InteliSys Aviation Systems of America Inc. (the "Registrant") and its subsidiaries in the Court of Queen's Bench of the Province of New Brunswick, Canada was approved by the Court. Pursuant to such proposal, a new company consisting of the existing employees of the Registrant and a group of new equity investors ("Newco") acquired all the assets of the subsidiaries of the Registrant ( the "Subsidiaries"). The considerations of such purchase consisted of $ 200,000 CDN in cash and $250,000 CDN in 3-year 8% notes issued by Newco (the "Newco Notes"). Such notes were secured by all the assets of Newco. In accordance with the terms of the proposal, the secured claims of the creditors of the Subsidiaries were assumed by Newco (there were no secured creditors of the Registrant). The unsecured claims of the creditors of the Registrant received $1,250 CDN within two months of court approval of the proposal. After the payment of fees and any taxes owed pursuant to the Income Tax Act (Canada), the Class A Unsecured Creditors of the Subsidiaries received $150 CDN in cash for each claim, the balance of cash from the sale of assets after payment to secured creditors and the balance thereof by having their respective proportion share of the Newco Notes. The Class B Creditor (the Registrant) did not receive any cash or Newco notes from the sale of the subsidiaries. The Class C creditors (the employees of the subsidiaries) received $50,000 CDN in Newco notes distributed on a prorata basis. As a result of the approval of the proposal by the Court of Queen's Bench of the Province of New Brunswick, Canada, on October 6, 2006 the Court issued a Court Order ordering the sale of all assets of the subsidiaries to Newco subject to conditions of the proposal. On November 17, 2006, subject to the terms of the Court Order issued by the Court of Queen's Bench of the Province of New Brunswick, all assets of the Canadian Subsidiaries were sold to 627450 New Brunswick Inc. The Company has started the process of dissolving the Canadian Subsidiary companies. On May 17, 2007 shareholders of Special Class B "Exchangeable Shares" in IYSA's wholly owned subsidiary Intelisys Acquisition Inc were exchanges on a one-for-one basis for IYSA common shares. A total of 20,288,33 IYSA common shares were issued. On May 3, 2007 the Company filed a Preliminary Proxy Statement to notify shareholders of a Special Meeting. The purpose of the meeting was to vote on the following matters: (1)To grant discretionary authority to our board of directors to implement a reverse stock split of our common stock on the basis of one post-consolidation share for up to each [ten] pre-consolidation shares to occur at some time within twelve months of the date of the meeting, with the exact amount and time of the reverse split to be determined by the Board of Directors; and (2) to transact such other business as may properly be brought before a special meeting of the shareholders of our Company or any adjournment thereof. F-7 Table of Contents CHINA YIDA HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The Special Meeting of the stockholders of Intelisys Aviation Systems of America Inc. (the "Company") was held at 815 Bombardier Street, Shediac, New Brunswick, Canada, E4P1H9 on June 20, 2007 at 10:00 am local time pursuant to notice given in accordance with the by-laws of the Company, the applicable rules and regulations of the Delaware General Corporation Law and the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Chair requested that the Secretary report on whether notice had been properly given in accordance with the bylaws. The Secretary reported that the meeting was held pursuant to printed notice mailed on May 21, 2007 to each stockholder of record of the Company as of May 18, 2007, who is entitled to vote. The Chair requested that the Secretary report as to whether a quorum existed. The Secretary reported that the record date for the Meeting had been previously established by the Board as May 18, 2007 (the "Record Date"), and that on the Record Date, an aggregate of 90,967,531 votes (the "Voting Shares") were entitled to be cast by shareholders at the Meeting. The Secretary further reported that the Voting Shares are comprised of 90,967,531 shares of the Company's Common Stock that were issued and outstanding as of the Record Date which are entitle at the Meeting to one vote for each shares of Common Stock held on the Record Date. The Secretary then reported that 59,755,906 Voting Shares of the Company were represented at the Meeting in person or by proxy, which shares constituted 65.69% of the issued and outstanding Voting Shares. The Secretary then declared that a quorum was present and that the meeting was duly constituted and should proceed. 57,822,757 Voting Shares, representing 63.56% of the issued and outstanding share capital of the Company, voted to approve the resolution set forth below, and 1,841,514 Voting Shares, representing 2.02% of the issued and outstanding share capital, voted against the resolution set forth below: Accordingly, the following resolution is hereby approved: "RESOLVED, that the Board is granted discretionary authority to implement a reverse stock split of our common stock on the basis of one post-consolidation share for up to each ten pre-consolidation shares to occur at some time within twelve months of the date of the meeting, with the exact amount and time of the reverse split to be determined by the Board of Directors." Keenway Limited was incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands on May 9, 2007 for the purpose of functioning as an off-shore holding company to obtain ownership interests in Hong Kong Yi Tat International Investment Co., Ltd. Its registration number is CR-187088, and its registered address of Scotia Centre, 4th Floor, P. O. Box 2804, George Town, Grand, Cayman, KY1-1112, Cayman Islands. Mr. CHEN Minhua and Ms. FAN Yanling, his spouse, were majority shareholders of Keenway, prior to the Merger. Hongkong Yi Tat was established on July 28, 2000, under the laws of Hong Kong Special Administration Region, with its registered office at RM1302-3 13/F, Crocodile House II, 55 Connaught Road Central HK, and its certificate number of 31123140-000-07-06-7. Fujian Jintai Tourism Developments Co.Ltd (“Jintai”) is incorporated on October 29, 2001 under the laws of PRC and located in Taining County, Fujian Province in China. It mainly engages in tourism developments, ethnic culture communication, timeshare resorts operation, souvenirs sales, and related tourism services. It has gained 30 years of management rights (from 2001 to 2031) to manage the Big Golden Lake in Fujian province, one of the 7 best Danxia landforms in China. The Company owns 100% shares of Jintai, and holds variable interest in Fujian Jiaoguang Media Co.Ltd and holds variable interest in Fuyu through Jintai. Fuzhou Hongda Co. Ltd. (“Hongda”) is incorporated on July 6, 2007, under the laws of PRC and located in Fuzhou City. Hongda is a 100% owned company of Jintai. F-8 Table of Contents CHINA YIDA HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Fuzhou Fuyu Media Co. Ltd. (“Fuyu”) is incorporated on July 31, 2007, under the laws of PRC and located in Fuzhou City. On November 5, 2007, Fuyu is acquired by Hongda which is owned by Jintai, thus becomes 100% owned by the Company through Jintai. Fujian Jiaoguang Media Co.Ltd (“Jiaoguang”) is incorporated on October 9, 2004 under the laws of PRC and located in Fuzhou City, Fujian Province in China. It mainly engages in advertisement, publishing, exhibition, cultural communication and coordinating cultural performance as an agent. It has gained 7 years of managing rights of Fujian Education TV advertisement (from 2003 to 2010), and has option to another 5 years’ management. On December 30, 2004, Jiaoguang and its shareholders entered into a set of Contractual Arrangements with the Company. The relationships with the Company and its shareholders are governed by the Contractual Arrangements. The Contractual Arrangements are comprised of a series of agreements, including a Consulting Agreement and an Operating Agreement, through which the Company has the right to advise, consult, manage and operate Jiaoguang, and collect and own all of Jiaoguang’s respective net profits. Additionally, under a Proxy and Voting Agreement and a Voting Trust and Escrow Agreement, the shareholders of Jiaoguang have vested their voting control over Jiaoguang to the Company. In order to further reinforce the Company’s rights to control and operate Jiaoguang, Jiaoguang and its shareholders have granted the Company, under an Option Agreement, the exclusive right and option to acquire all of their equity interests in the Jiaoguang or, alternatively, all of the assets of the Jiaoguang. Further, the shareholders of Jiaoguang have pledged all of their rights, titles and interests in the Jiaoguang to the Company under an Equity Pledge Agreement. The Company has adopted FASB Interpretation No. 46R "Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities" ("FIN 46R"), an Interpretation of Accounting Research Bulletin No. 51. FIN 46R requires a Variable Interest Entity (VIE) to be consolidated by a company if that company is subject to a majority of the risk of loss for the VIE or is entitled to receive a majority of the VIE's residual returns. VIEs are those entities in which the Company, through contractual arrangements, bears the risks of, and enjoys the rewards normally associated with ownership of the entities, and therefore the company is the primary beneficiary of these entities. The results of subsidiaries or variable interest entities acquired during the year are included in the consolidated income statements from the effective date of acquisition. ACCOUNTING AFTER INITIAL MEASUREMENT OF VIE - Subsequent accounting for the assets, liabilities, and non-controlling interest of a consolidated variable interest entity are accounted for as if the entity were consolidated based on voting interests and the usual accounting rules for which the VIE operates are applied as they would to a consolidated subsidiary as follows: · carrying amounts of the VIE are consolidated into the financial statements of the Company as the primary beneficiary (referred as "Primary Beneficiary" or "PB"); · inter-company transactions and balances, such as revenues and costs, receivables and payables between or among the Primary Beneficiary and the VIE(s) are eliminated in their entirety; and INITIAL MEASUREMENT OF VIE- The Company initially measures the assets, liabilities, and non-controlling interests of the VIEs at their fair values at the date of the acquisitions. Because Jiaoguang and the Company’s contractual relationship comply with FIN 46R, the Company consolidated Jiaoguang’s financial statements as VIE. As of December 31, 2006, the Company has consolidated Jiaoguang’s financial statements for the two years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005 in the accompanying financial statements. F-9 Table of Contents CHINA YIDA HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS On November 19, 2007, Chen Minhua, Fan Yanling, Extra Profit International Limited, Luck Glory International Limited, and Zhang Xinchen (collectively, the Keenway Shareholders”), Keenway Limited, Hong Kong Yi Tat and we entered into a definitive Share Exchange Agreement (“Exchange Agreement”) which resulted in Keenway becoming our wholly owned subsidiary (the “Merger”). The Merger was accomplished by means of a share exchange in which the Keenway Shareholders exchanged all of their stock in Keenway for the transfer and additional issuance of our common stock. Under the terms of the Exchange Agreement and as a result of the Merger: Keenway became our wholly owned subsidiary; In exchange for all of their shares of Keenway common stock, the Keenway Shareholders received 90,903,246 newly issued shares of our common stock and 3,641,796 shares of our common stock which was transferred from certain InteliSys Shareholders; Immediately following the closing of the Merger, the Keenway Shareholders own approximately 94.5% of our issued and outstanding shares on a fully diluted basis. This transaction closed on November 19, 2007. 2. BASIS OF PRESETATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES a. Principle of consolidation The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries Jintai, Fuyu, Hongda, and the accounts of the variable interest entities, Jiaoguang, collectively “the Company”. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. b. Use of estimates The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Management makes these estimates using the best information available at the time the estimates are made. However, actual results could differ materially from those results. c. Cash and cash equivalents For Statement of Cash Flows purposes, the Company considers all cash on hand and in banks, including accounts in book overdraft positions, certificates of deposit and other highly-liquid investments with maturities of three months or less, when purchased, to be cash and cash equivalents. d. Accounts receivable The Company's policy is to maintain reserves for potential credit losses on accounts receivable. Management reviews the composition of accounts receivable and analyzes historical bad debts, customer concentrations, customer credit worthiness, current economic trends and changes in customer payment patterns to evaluate the adequacy of these reserves. As of December 31, 2007, the Company had accounts receivable of $21,965. e. Prepayments The Company advances to certain vendors for purchase of its material and necessary service. As of December 31, 2007, the prepayments amounted to $24,173. f. Property, plant and equipment Property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost. Gains or losses on disposals are reflected as gain or loss in the year of disposal. The cost of improvements that extend the life of plant, property, and equipment are capitalized. These capitalized costs may include structural improvements, equipment, and fixtures. All ordinary repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. F-10 Table of Contents CHINA YIDA HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Depreciation for financial reporting purposes is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets: 5 to 20years for house&building; 5 to 8 years for electronic equipment, 8years for transportation equipment, 5 to 8years for office furniture, 26 years for lease improvements. g. Impairment The Company applies the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 144, "Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets" ("FAS No. 144"), issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB"). FAS No. 144 requires that long-lived assets be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable through the estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets. Whenever any such impairment exists, an impairment loss will be recognized for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value. The Company tests long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and construction in progress, for recoverability at least annually or more frequently upon the occurrence of an event or when circumstances indicate that the net carrying amount is greater than its fair value. Assets are grouped and evaluated at the lowest level for their identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets. The Company considers historical performance and future estimated results in its evaluation of potential impairment and then compares the carrying amount of the asset to the future estimated cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds estimated expected undiscounted future cash flows, the Company measures the amount of impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to its fair value. The estimation of fair value is generally measured by discounting expected future cash flows as the rate the Company utilizes to evaluate potential investments. The Company estimates fair value based on the information available, judgments and projections are considered necessary. There was no impairment of long-lived assets for the year ended December 31, 2007. h. Revenue recognition The Company's revenue recognition policies are in compliance with Staff accounting bulletin (SAB) 104.Sales revenue is recognized at the date of service rendered to customers when a formal arrangement exists, the price is fixed or determinable, the services rendered, no other significant obligations of the Company exist and collectibility is reasonably assured. Payments received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as unearned revenue. Unearned revenue amounted to $135,945 as of December 31, 2007. The Company sells the television air time to third parties. The company records advertising sales when advertisements are aired. The Company also sells admission and activities tickets for a resort which the Company has the management right. The Company has no product return or sales discount allowance because service rendered and accepted by customers are normally not returnable and sales discount is normally not granted after service is rendered. i. Advertising costs The Company expenses the cost of advertising as incurred or, as appropriate, the first time the advertising takes place. Advertising costs for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 were $148,000 and $81,181, respectively. There is a contract in force for the period of August 1, 2003 to July 31, 2010 between a related party (Xinhengji, XHJ) and a Television Station (Owned by The Chinese Government) that provides for prepaid airtime to be purchased and utilized by the related party in return for payment of RMB 5,000,000 and purchase of suitable programming for the station in the amount of an additional RMB 5,000,000 (Educational Programming). XHJ is 80% owned by a shareholder of the company and 20% owned by the shareholder’s mother. F-11 Table of Contents CHINA YIDA HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS XHJ has signed a contract with the Company to assign the Company to manage the commercial of the TV station. The Company is responsible for paying the air time for RMB5,000,000. XHJ is responsible for paying RMB 5,000,000 to purchase the TV programs and entitled to revenue other than the commercial revenue. It also states that if the Company helps XHJ to purchase the TV programs and if pays equaling or more than RMB 5,000,000 then the Company does not have to pay RMB 5,000,000 for airtime anymore. The amount paid over RMB 5,000,000 by the Company will be the Company’s expenses and will not be reimbursed by XHJ. The advertising costs incurred are charged as cost of sales against specific airtime segments. j. Income taxes The Company accounts for income taxes using tax payable approach which did not need the recognition and measurement of deferred tax assets. k. Foreign currency translation The Company uses the United States dollar ("U.S. dollars") for financial reporting purposes. The Company's subsidiaries maintain their books and records in their functional currency, being the primary currency of the economic environment in which their operations are conducted. In general, for consolidation purposes, the Company translates the subsidiaries' assets and liabilities into U.S. dollars using the applicable exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date, and the statement of income is translated at average exchange rates during the reporting period. Gain or loss on foreign currency transactions are reflected on the income statement. Gain or loss on financial statement translation from foreign currency are recorded as a separate component in the equity section of the balance sheet, as component of comprehensive income. The functional currency of the Company is Chinese Renminbi. l. Fair values of financial instruments Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 107, "Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments", requires that the Company disclose estimated fair values of financial instruments. The Company's financial instruments primarily consist of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, other receivables, advances to suppliers, accounts payable, other payable, tax payable, and related party advances and borrowings. As of the balance sheet dates, the estimated fair values of the financial instruments were not materially different from their carrying values as presented on the balance sheet. This is attributed to the short maturities of the instruments and that interest rates on the borrowings approximate those that would have been available for loans of similar remaining maturity and risk profile at respective balance sheet dates. m. Earning per share (EPS) Earnings per share is calculated in accordance with the Statement of financial accounting standards No. 128 (SFAS No. 128), Earnings per share. SFAS No. 128 superseded Accounting Principles Board Opinion No.15 (APB 15). Earnings per share for all periods presented has been restated to reflect the adoption of SFAS No. 128. Basic earnings per share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share is based on the assumption that all dilutive convertible shares and stock options were converted or exercised. Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this method, options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance, if later), and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. n. Segment reporting Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 131 ("SFAS 131"), "Disclosure About Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information" requires use of the "management approach" model for segment reporting. The management approach model is based on the way a company's management organizes segments within the company for making operating decisions and assessing performance. Reportable segments are based on products and services, geography, legal structure, management structure, or any other manner in which management disaggregates a company. F-12 Table of Contents CHINA YIDA HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS During the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, the Company is organized into two main business segments: tourism and advertisement. The following table presents a summary of operating information and certain year-end balance sheet information for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006: Years ended December 31, 2007 2006 Revenues from unaffiliated customers: advertisement $ 12,246,964 $ 7,651,441 tourism 2,330,801 2,560,392 Consolidated $ 14,577,765 $ 10,211,833 Operating income : advertisement $ 8,996,777 $ 5,017,857 tourism 467,452 1,069,236 Consolidated $ 9,464,229 $ 6,087,093 Identifiable assets: advertisement $ 19,130,165 $ 8,095,839 tourism 8,961,883 4,185,733 Consolidated $ 28,092,048 $ 12,281,572 Net income advertisement $ 9,354,241 $ 4,923,673 tourism 2,177,645 892,963 Consolidated $ 11,531,886 $ 5,816,636 Interest expense: advertisement $ 96,308 $ 80,675 tourism 124,750 169,565 Consolidated $ 221,058 $ 250,240 F-13 Table of Contents CHINA YIDA HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Because our business structure is separate for each segment, the operating costs included in one segment will not benefit the other segment. For the year ended December 31, 2006, there are no reconciling amounts. For the year ended December 31, 2007, the reconciling items for were as follows: Year ended December 31, 2007 Operating income : advertisement $ 8,996,777 tourism 467,452 Consolidated 9,464,229 Reconciling item (1) (553,749 ) Total $ 8,910,480 Identifiable assets: advertisement $ 19,130,165 tourism 8,961,883 Consolidated 28,092,048 Reconciling item (2) 469,057 Reconciling item (3) ( 5,521,068 ) Total $ 23,040,037 Net income advertisement $ 9,354,241 tourism 2,177,645 Consolidated 11,531,886 Reconciling item (1) (553,736 ) Total $ 10,978,150 (1) The reconciling amounts include certain general and administrative expenses which are excluded from segments. (2) The reconciling amounts include certain assets which are excluded from segments. (3) Reconciling amounts include adjustments to eliminate inter company transactions. F-14 Table of Contents CHINA YIDA HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS o. Statement of cash flows In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 95, "Statement of Cash Flows," cash flows from the Company's operations is calculated based upon the local currencies. As a result, amounts related to assets and liabilities reported on the statement of cash flows may not necessarily agree with changes in the corresponding balances on the balance sheet. p. Recent accounting pronouncements In September 2006, FASB issued SFAS 157 Fair Value Measurements. This Statement defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. This Statement applies under other accounting pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements, the Board having previously concluded in those accounting pronouncements that fair value is the relevant measurement attribute. Accordingly, this Statement does not require any new fair value measurements. However, for some entities, the application of this Statement will change current practice. This Statement is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The management is currently evaluating the effect of this pronouncement on the consolidated financial statements. In September 2006, FASB issued SFAS 158 EmployersAccounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plansan amendment of FASB Statements No. 87, 88, 106, and 132(R)This Statement improves financial reporting by requiring an employer to recognize the over funded or under funded status of a defined benefit postretirement plan (other than a multiemployer plan) as an asset or liability in its statement of financial position and to recognize changes in that funded status in the year in which the changes occur through comprehensive income of a business entity or changes in unrestricted net assets of a not-for-profit organization. This Statement also improves financial reporting by requiring an employer to measure the funded status of a plan as of the date of its year-end statement of financial position, with limited exceptions. An employer with publicly traded equity securities is required to initially recognizethe funded status of a defined benefit postretirement plan and to provide the required disclosures as of the end of the fiscal year ending after December 15, 2006. An employer without publicly traded equity securities is required to recognize the funded status of a defined benefit postretirement plan and to provide the required disclosures as of the end of the fiscal year ending after June 15, 2007. However, an employer without publicly traded equity securities is required to disclose the followinginformation in the notes to financial statements for a fiscal year ending after December 15, 2006, but before June 16, 2007, unless it has applied the recognition provisions of this Statement in preparing those financial statements: 1) A brief description of the provisions of this Statement 2) The date that adoption is required 3) The date the employer plans to adopt the recognition provisions of this Statement, if earlier. The requirement to measure plan assets and benefit obligations as of the date of the employers fiscal year-end statement of financial position is effective for fiscal years ending after December 15, 2008. The management is currently evaluating the effect of this pronouncement on the consolidated financial statements. In February 2007, FASB issued FASB Statement No. 159, The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. FAS 159 is effective for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007. Early adoption is permitted subject to specific requirements outlined in the new Statement. Therefore, calendar-year companies may be able to adopt FAS 159 for their first quarter 2007 financial statements. The new Statement allows entities to choose, at specified election dates, to measure eligible financial assets and liabilities at fair value that are not otherwise required to be measured at fair value. If a company elects the fair value option for an eligible item, changes in that item's fair value in subsequent reporting periods must be recognized in current earnings. FAS 159 also establishes presentation and disclosure requirements designed to draw comparison between entities that elect different measurement attributes for similar assets and liabilities. F-15 Table of Contents CHINA YIDA HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141 (Revised 2007), “Business Combinations”. The objective of this statement will significantly change the accounting for business combinations. Under Statement 141R, an acquiring entity will be required to recognize all the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a transaction at the acquisition –date fair value will limited exceptions. Statement 141 applies prospectively to business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of the first annual reporting period beginning on or after December 15, 2008. The Company does not expect the adoption of SFAS No. 141R to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 160, “Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements-An Amendment of ARB No. 51". The objective of this statement is to establish new accounting and reporting standards for the Noncontrolling interest in a subsidiary and for the deconsolidation of a subsidiary. Statement 160 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning on or after December 15, 2008. The Company does not expect the adoption of SFAS No. 160 to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. On March 19, 2008, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued FASB Statement No. 161, Disclosures about Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities. The new standard is intended to improve financial reporting about derivative instruments and hedging activities by requiring enhanced disclosures to enable investors to better understand their effects on an entity’s financial position, financial performance, and cash flows. It is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after November 15, 2008, with early application encouraged. "Use and complexity of derivative instruments and hedging activities have increased significantly over the past several years. This has led to concerns among investors that the existing disclosure requirements in FASB Statement No. 133, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities, do not provide enough information about how these instruments and activities affect the entity’s financial position and performance," explained Kevin Stoklosa, project manager. "By requiring additional information about how and why derivative instruments are being used, the new standard gives investors better information upon which to base their decisions." The new standard also improves transparency about the location and amounts of derivative instruments in an entity’s financial statements; how derivative instruments and related hedged items are accounted for under Statement 133; and how derivative instruments and related hedged items affect its financial position, financial performance, and cash flows. FASB Statement No. 161 achieves these improvements by requiring disclosure of the fair values of derivative instruments and their gains and losses in a tabular format. It also provides more information about an entity’s liquidity by requiring disclosure of derivative features that are credit risk–related. Finally, it requires cross-referencing within footnotes to enable financial statement users to locate important information about derivative instruments. Management is currently evaluating the effect of this pronouncement on financial statements. q. Reclassifications Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. 3. OTHER RECEIVABLE Other receivable amounted to $36,532 as of December 31, 2007. Other receivable is comprised of advances to employees and other unrelated parties, interest free, and due on demand. 4. AMOUNT DUE FROM RELATED PARTIES Amount due from related party is receivable for normal business purposes due to Jinyang Company and Xinhengji for $294,770 and $56,680, respectively. Jinyang is 96% owned by 2 shareholders of the Company and Xinhengji which is 80% owned by a shareholder of the company and 20% owned by the shareholder’s mother. The amount due from Xinhengji includes the loan to Xinhengji for $606,680 minus $550,000, which is the expense Xinhengji paid for the company’s reverse merger. The amount is due on demand, unsecured and interest free. As of December 31, 2007, the amount due from related party amounted to $351,450. The amount due from related parties has been collected as of March 26, 2008. 5. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT Property, plant and equipment consist of the following as of December 31, 2007: House & Building $ 8,467,310 Electronic Equipments 171,893 Transportation Equipments 59,336 Office Furniture 7,946 Subtotal 8,706,485 Less: Accumulated Depreciation (521,939 ) Total $ 8,184,546 F-16 Table of Contents CHINA YIDA HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Depreciation expenses for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 were $357,066 and, $90,267 respectively. 6. CONSTRUCTION IN PROGRESS Construction in progress amounted to $278,803 as of December 31, 2007 and is mainly constructions for parking and boarding constructions in the tourist resort where the Company has management right. 7. INTANGIBLE ASSETS The company acquired 30 years tourist resort management right at August, 2001 from unrelated parties by paying cash. As of December 31, 2007, intangible asset is as follows: Intangible asset $ 4,798,070 Accumulated amortization (841,185 ) Total $ 3,956,885 Intangible assets of the Company are reviewed annually as to whether their carrying value has become impaired. The Company considers assets to be impaired if the carrying value exceeds the future projected cash flows from related operations. The Company also re-evaluates the periods of amortization to determine whether subsequent events and circumstances warrant revised estimates of useful lives. As of December 31, 2007 the Company expects these assets to be fully recoverable. Total amortization expenses for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 amounted to $183,333 and $146,340 respectively. Amortization expenses for next five years after December 31, 2007 are as follows: 1 year $ 146,340 2 year 146,340 3 year 146,340 4 year 146,340 5 year 146,340 Total $ 731,700 8. OTHER PAYABLE Other payables are payables due to unrelated parties other than supplier vendors. The amount is $449,507, due on demand and interest free as of December 31, 2007. 9. TAX PAYABLES Tax payables consist of the following as of December 31, 2007: City planning tax 50,876 Business tax payable 873,701 Individual income tax payable 667 Income tax payable 142,604 Education fee 34,911 Cultural construction fee 523,339 Total 1,626,099 F-17 Table of Contents CHINA YIDA HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 10. LOAN PAYABLE As of December 31, 2007, the loan payables are as follows: Short term loan payable Fuzhou Commercial Bank $ 1,096,702 Bank of China 822,526 Total $ 1,919,228 As of December 31, 2007, the Company had a loan payable of $1,096,702 to Fuzhou Commercial Bank in China, with an annual interest rate of 6.73% from November 24, 2006 to November 23, 2007 and 8.75% from November 24, 2007 to November 16, 2008, due on November 16, 2008. The loan is guaranteed by a related party 80% owned by the same shareholder of the Company. At December 31, 2007, the Company had a loan payable of $822,526 to Bank of China Taining Branch, with an annual interest rate of 6.14%, and guaranteed by 2 shareholders and pledged by the Company’s revenue from the tourist resort. $411,263 of the loan payable is due by January 10, 2008 and the rest of $411,263 of the loan payable is due by April 28, 2008. The interest expenses are $221,058 and $250,240 for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006. The Company has paid interest $221,058 and $250,240 for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006. 11. OTHER (INCOME) EXPENSES Other (income) expenses consists of the following for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006: 2007 2006 Donation income $ (2,437,333 ) $ - Other expenses 8,869 19801 Interest expense 221,058 250,240 Interest income (1,775 ) (2,347 ) Finance costs 4,742 2,763 $ (2,204,440 ) $ 270,457 Donation revenue represents amounts the company receives from contributions made by visitors to the facilities. These amounts are recognized as income as contributed. Donation income is cash donation to 2 donation boxes in a temple owned by the Company. For the safety purpose, the company asks its related party Jingyang to keep the cash since Jingyang has advanced security system. The related party regularly returns the money back to the Company. Jinyang is 96% owned by 2 shareholders of the Company. 12. INCOME TAXES The Company utilizes SFAS No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes," which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at each period end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. The Company is subject to PRC Enterprise Income Tax at a rate of 33% on the net income. The income tax expenses for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 are $136,770 and $0 respectively. F-18 Table of Contents CHINA YIDA HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2007 2006 Tax at statutory rate 34% 34% Foreign tax rate difference -1% -1% Valuation allowance -32% -33% 1% 0% There were no significant book and tax basis difference. 13. MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND VENDORS There were no major customers which accounting over 10% of the total net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2007. There are no major vendors which accounting over 10% of the total purchase for the year ended December 31, 2007. The Company extends credit to its customers based upon its assessment of their credit worthiness and generally does not require collateral. Credit losses have not been significant. 14. CURRENT VULNERABILITY DUE TO CERTAIN CONCENTRATIONS The Company’s practical operations are all carried out in the PRC. Accordingly, The Company’s business, financial condition, and results of operations may be influenced by the political, economic and legal environments in the PRC, and by the general state of the PRC's economy. The Company’s operations in the PRC are subject to specific considerations and significant risks not typically associated with companies in the North America and Western Europe. These include risks associated with, among others, the political, economic and legal environments and foreign currency exchange. The Company’s results may be adversely affected by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations, anti-inflationary measures, currency conversion and remittance abroad, and rates and methods of taxation, among other things. 15. COMMITMENTS AND LEASES The Company incurred rent expenses $8,000 and $13,300 for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006. The Company and its subsidiaries made no commitments of leases for future. So there is no lease commitment in the future. Guarantee The Company has guaranteed for a $1,000,000 loan payable for a related party 80% owned by a shareholder of the company and 20% owned by the shareholder’s mother. The management reviewed and believed that the chance that the Company has to pay back the loan payable for the related party is remote. 16. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS Our common stock has been quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol "IYSA.OB" since 1999. In December 2007, the symbol changed to “IAVA.OB” pursuant to a 10 for 1 reverse split. Since the end of the 2007 fiscal year and in February 2008, we effectuated another 10 for 1 reverse stock split and changed our name to China Yida Holding, Co. as a result of the reverse merger that closed on November 17, 2007. Accordingly, our symbol was changed to “CYID.OB.” F-19 Table of Contents CHINA YIDA HOLDING CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS On February 29, 2008, we issued shares of our common stock to certain individuals and entities listed below pursuant to the terms of the Share Exchange Agreement entered into on November 19, 2007. Specifically, we issued a total of 44,751,046 shares of common stock to certain entities as follows: Shareholder Number of Shares Chairman Chen Minhua 18,525,131 shares Fan Yanling 18,525,131 shares Extra Profit International Limited 2,038,442 shares Luck Glory International Limited 2,038,442 shares Zhang Xinchen 1,811,950 shares E-Tech International, Inc. 1,811,950 shares On March 7, 2008, the Company entered into a Financing transaction with Pope Investments II LLC, an accredited investor, and certain other accredited investors. Pursuant to the Financing Documents, we sold units of securities that consisted of an aggregate of 13,333,334 shares of common stock and warrants exercisable into 6,666,667 shares of common stock for a total purchase price of 14,000,000. The purchase price of one unit was $1.05. These shares were issued in reliance on the exemption under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the ‘Act’). F-20 Table of Contents MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Overview The following plan of operation provides information which management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our results of operations and financial condition. The discussion should be read along with our financial statements and notes thereto. Because we have not generated significant revenues, we intend to report our plan of operation below. The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties. The Company’s actual results may differ significantly from the results, expectations and plans discussed in these forward-looking statements. Our Business Through Keenway’s subsidiaries and certain commercial and contractual arrangements with other Chinese companies, we operate tourism and mass media companies in China. We mainly operate in Fujian Province. Our tourism business is beginning to flourish and we provide operational and management support for tourist attractions in China. Another part of our business revolves around television media and advertising through TV. Since 2004, our company has operated tourist sites and worked with tourist attractions to provide advertising through television ads and other marketing campaigns. One of our biggest attractions is the Great Golden Lake Tourist Attraction which is a scenic area hidden in a deep mountain that consists of a world-class geological park. We have been able to help them increase tourist volume from 50,000 people in 2004 to 216,000 in 2006. Its annual operational revenue has also grown from $523,200 US in 2004 to $2,560,400 US in 2006. We also run a television station, FETV, which is currently the fourth most viewed among the 11 provincial medias in Fujian Province. The networks annual ad income has increased in the past two years from $1 million in 2004 (when we took it over) to over $7,651,441 in 2006. Principal Factors Affecting our Financial Performance We believe that the following factors affect our financial performance: o Growth of Tourism and Mass Media in China China’s tourism market is growing at a record breaking pace with no signs of a slowdown. According to predictions made by the World Trade Organization, China will become the second largest tourist destination by 2010, and will become the most popular tourist destination by 2020. According to these predictions and the Company’s own estimates, the Company expects to see unprecedented growth over the next 12 months. In addition, we expect to see similar growth in the mass media market. Over the past few years, the Chinese mass media industry has sustained a growth rate of 25%. The Company views the Chinese mass media industry as still in its infancy and will continue to grow due to Chinese emerging status as a global leader. o PRC Regulations Promoting Tourism The tourism industry in China is highly regulated by the PRC government. However, after China granted the WTO access, China has been relaxing its regulations and the tourism industry in China is expanding rapidly and consists of almost 34% of the total tourism in the Asia-Pacific region. In addition, with the Olympics being held in Beijing in 2008, China is expected to relax its regulations even more. The Olympics will also promote tourism in China and encourage foreigners to visit which in turn will allow the Company to grow. Results of Operations The following tables set forth key components of our results of operations for the periods indicated, in dollars, and key components of our revenue for the period indicated, in dollars. 27 Table of Contents Fiscal year ended December 31, 2007 Compared to fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 DECEMBER 31 ， 2007 2006 Net revenue Advertisement $ 12,246,964 $ 7,651,441 Tourism 2,330,801 2,560,392 Total 14,577,765 10,211,833 Cost of revenue Advertisement 2,000,684 2,205,646 Tourism 70,726 78,782 Total (2,071,409 ) (2,284,428 ) Gross profit 12,506,356 7,927,405 Operating expenses Selling expenses 973,459 765,118 Operating and administrative expenses 2,622,417 1,075,194 Total operating expenses 3,595,876 1,840,312 Income from operations 8,910,480 6,087,093 Other (income) expense Other income - donation income (2,437,333 ) - Other expenses 8,869 19,801 Interest expense 221,058 250,240 Interest income (1,775 ) (2,347 ) Finance expense 4,742 2,763 Total other (income) expense (2,204,440 ) 270,457 Income before income taxes 11,114,920 5,816,636 Provision for income taxes 136,770 - Net income 10,978,150 5,816,636 Other comprehensive income Foreign currency translation gain (loss) 961,760 92,640 Comprehensive income $ 11,939,910 $ 5,909,276 Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 94,458,588 81,606,305 Basic and diluted net earnings per share $ 0.12 $ 0.07 Net Revenue: Net revenue increased by US$5,161,514, or 88.7%, from US$5,816,636 in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 to US$10,978,150 in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007. Cost of revenue : Cost of revenue decreased by US$213,019, or 9.3%, from US$2,284,428 in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 to US$2,071,409 in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007. Gross profit : Gross profit increased by US$4,578,951, or 57.76%, from US$7,927,405 in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 to US$12,506,356 in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007 mainly due to the increase in advertisement revenue and tourism revenue. Operating Expenses: Operating expenses were US$1,840,312 in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006, compared to US$3,595,876 in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007. This represents an increase of US$1,755,564, or 95%, primarily due to a large increase in operations and significant business growth. 28 Table of Contents Income from Operations: Operating profit was US$6,087,093 in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 and US$8,910,480 in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007. The increase of US$2,823,387, or 46%, was primarily the result of increased gross profit. Net Income: Net income was US$5,816,636 in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006, compared to US$10,978,150 in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007, an increase of US$5,161,514, or 88.7%. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES The Company currently generates its cash flow through operations which it believes will be sufficient to sustain current level operations for at least the next twelve months. In addition, in February 2008, we completed a $14 million financing and we intend to use the proceeds to expand our operations and improve the “Great Golden Lake” and increase the number of visitors we can attract to the destination. In 2008, we intend to continue to work to expand our tourism services and mass media outlets, including the acquisition of a provincial-level education TV station. We expect the increased tourism in China because of the Olympic Games to positively affect the number of visitors we can attract to our tourist destinations. To the extent we are successful in rolling out our advertising campaign programs, identifying potential acquisition targets and negotiating the terms of such acquisition, and the purchase price includes a cash component, we plan to use our working capital and the proceeds of any financing to finance such acquisition costs. Our opinion concerning our liquidity is based on current information. If this information proves to be inaccurate, or if circumstances change, we may not be able to meet our liquidity needs. 2008 – 2009 Outlook Over the course of the next few years, we intend to grow and expand our tourism and mass media marketing businesses. We expect to acquire additional tourist areas that will enhance our reputation as a world-class company that develops and manages tourist attractions. These acquisitions will be financed either through revenues of the Company or by financings and sales of the Company’s stock or other securities. In addition, the Company expects to roll out a “chain” travel agency that attracts many Chinese tourists, both foreigners and Chinese natives exploring other Chinese cities, and will link each of its tourist attractions and self-promote each attraction. This will be accomplished by offering tours of multiple tourist attractions and travel between these tourist attractions. With respect to the mass media, we expect to grow by acquiring another operating television network. We will be looking to acquire a provincial-level educational TV station. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE On November 19, 2007, Sherb & Co. (“Sherb”) was dismissed as independent auditor for the Company. On November 19, 2007, the Company engaged Kabani & Co. (“Kabani”) as its principal independent accountant. This decision to engage Kabani was ratified by the majority approval of the Board of Directors of the Company. Management of the Company has not had any disagreements with Sherb related to any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure. For the most recent fiscal year and any subsequent interim period through Sherb’s termination on November 19, 2007, there has been no disagreement between the Company and Sherb on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreement, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Sherb would have caused it to make a reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in connection with its reports. The Company’s Board of Directors participated in and approved the decision to change independent accountants. In connection with its review of financial statements through November 19, 2007, there have been no disagreements with Sherb on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements if not resolved to the satisfaction of Sherb would have caused them to make reference thereto in their report on the financial statements. During the most recent audit period and the interim period subsequent to November 19, 2007 there have been no reportable events with the Company as set forth in Item 304(a)(i)(v) of Regulation S-K. The Company requested that Sherb furnish it with a letter addressed to the SEC stating whether or not it agrees with the above statements. A copy of such letter is filed as an Exhibit to this Form 8-K. 29 Table of Contents The Company engaged Kabani & Co. (“Kabani”) as its new independent auditors as of November 19, 2007. Prior to such date, the Company, did not consult with Kabani regarding (i) the application of accounting principles, (ii) the type of audit opinion that might be rendered, or (iii) any other matter that was the subject of a disagreement between the Company and its former auditor as described in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S- B. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Interest Rates . Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our short-term investments and short-term obligations; thus, fluctuations in interest rates would not have a material impact on the fair value of these securities. At December 31, 2007, we had approximately $726,631 in cash and cash equivalents. A hypothetical 10% increase or decrease in interest rates would not have a material impact on our earnings or loss, or the fair market value or cash flows of these instruments. Foreign Exchange Rates . The majority of our revenues derived and expenses and liabilities incurred are in Renminbi (the currency of the PRC). Thus, our revenues and operating results may be impacted by exchange rate fluctuations in the currency of Renminbi. We have not tried to reduce our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations by using hedging transactions. However, we may choose to do so in the future. We may not be able to do this successfully. Accordingly, we may experience economic losses and negative impacts on earnings and equity as a result of foreign exchange rate fluctuations. The effect of foreign exchange rate fluctuation during the year ended December 31, 2006 was not material to us. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Executive Officers and Directors The following table sets forth the names, ages, and positions of our executive officers and directors as of the April 9, 2008. Executive officers are elected annually by our Board of Directors. Each executive officer holds his office until he resigns, is removed by the Board, or his successor is elected and qualified. Directors are elected annually by our stockholders at the annual meeting. Each director holds his office until his successor is elected and qualified or his earlier resignation or removal. NAME AGE POSITION Chen Minhua 51 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Fan Yanling 35 Director and Secretary Lin Yongxi 36 Director and Chief Financial Officer Chen Minhua, Chairman of Hong Kong Yitat International Investment Co., Ltd Male, 51, Ph.D. Mr. Chen is a part-time professor at the Tourism College of Fujian Normal University and a tutor for postgraduate students. He is also the vice-president of Fujian Provincial Tourism Institute and vice-president of Fujian Advertisement Association. From 1978 to 1992, he was a news journalist and editor-in-chief of “Fujian Internal Reference,” eventually becoming the head of the journalist station of “Fujian Daily” in Sanming City and general manager of the newspaper “HK-Taiwan Information.” During that period, he was appointed as chief journalist of Fujian Province to HK, where he was in charge of news and management of the publication. During these years, several of his works in journalism received national and provincial prizes and were published in books. He received awards for “Excellent News Journalist” and “Advanced Workers of News Management.” Since the establishment of New Handsome Joint Group in 1995, he has advocated and practiced the concept of “circulating cultural economy.” In 2005, he published a scholarly treatise “General Theory of Tourism and Chinese Traditional Culture”, which has been used as the educational material for undergraduates in Tourism College of Fujian Normal University. In February 2007, he was awarded as one of the “2006 Ten Most Distinguished Persons of Fujian Economic.” 30 Table of Contents Fan Yanling, President of Hong Kong Yitat International Investment Co., Ltd , director Female, 35 years old, MBA. From 1992 to 1994, Ms. Fan was a journalist and radio anchorwoman for the Voice of Haixia. From 1995 to 2004, she was the general manager of New Handsome Advertisement Co., Ltd. Since 2000, she has taken on the following leading posts: General Manager of New Handsome Joint Group (Fujian), General Manager of Hong Kong Yitat International Investment Co., Ltd , Chairman of Fujian Gold Lake Economy and Trading (Tourism) Development Co., Ltd., Director of Sydney Communication College (Australia), and General Manager of Fujian Education and Broadcasting Media Co., Ltd. In 2005, she was awarded “Fujian Splendid Women” and “Advanced worker of advertisement industry Fuzhou 2005.” Lin Yongxi, Chief Financial Director of Hong Kong Yi Tat International Investment Ltd. Male, 36 years old, CPA. He has significant experience of financing in large scale enterprises of Fujian Province. From August 1994 to May 2000, he worked as the accountant of China Fujian International Economic and Technological Cooperation Company. From May 2000 to September 2003, he worked as the chief financial director of Fujian Furi Group Co., Ltd. Since October 2003 he has been the chief financial director of New Handsome Joint Group. The Company has not entered into a formal employment arrangement with the Executive Officers. Mr. Minhua Chen and Ms. Yanling Fan have not received any salary. Mr. Yongxi Lin is earning a salary of $27,000 USD per year. None of the directors or executive officers have been involved in: (a) bankruptcy; (b) criminal proceeding; or (c) any other legal proceeding. Family Relationships Mr. Minhua Chen and Ms. Yanling Fan are husband and wife. There are no other family relationships between any of our directors or executive officers and any other directors or executive officers. Conflicts of Interest Certain potential conflicts of interest are inherent in the relationships between our officers and directors, and us. From time to time, one or more of our affiliates may form or hold an ownership interest in and/or manage other businesses both related and unrelated to the type of business that we own and operate. These persons expect to continue to form, hold an ownership interest in and/or manage additional other businesses which may compete with ours with respect to operations, including financing and marketing, management time and services and potential customers. These activities may give rise to conflicts between or among the interests of us and other businesses with which our affiliates are associated. Our affiliates are in no way prohibited from undertaking such activities, and neither we nor our shareholders will have any right to require participation in such other activities. Further, because we intend to transact business with some of our officers, directors and affiliates, as well as with firms in which some of our officers, directors or affiliates have a material interest, potential conflicts may arise between the respective interests of us and these related persons or entities. We believe that such transactions will be effected on terms at least as favorable to us as those available from unrelated third parties. With respect to transactions involving real or apparent conflicts of interest, we have adopted policies and procedures which require that: (i) the fact of the relationship or interest giving rise to the potential conflict be disclosed or known to the directors who authorize or approve the transaction prior to such authorization or approval, (ii) the transaction be approved by a majority of our disinterested outside directors, and (iii) the transaction be fair and reasonable to us at the time it is authorized or approved by our directors. 31 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Summary Compensation Table The following summary compensation table sets forth all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the named executive officers paid by us during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 in all capacities for the accounts of our executives, including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO): SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and Principal Position Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) Stock Awards ($) Option Awards ($) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) All Other Compensation ($) Totals ($) Chen Minhua President and CEO 2007 $ 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 $ 0 2006 $ 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 $ 0 Fan Yanling, Secretary 2007 $ 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 $ 0 2006 $ 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 $ 0 Lin Yongxi, Treasurer 2007 $ 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 $ 0 2006 $ 27,000 0 0 0 0 0 0 $ 27,000 Option Grants We do not maintain any equity incentive or stock option plan. Accordingly, we did not grant options to purchase any equity interests to any employees or officers, and no stock options are issued or outstanding to any officers. Employment Contracts None of the 3 directors and executive officers have an employment agreements with the Company. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of five percent or more of the Company's Common Stock, all directors individually and all directors and officers of the Company as a group. Except as noted, each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount of Beneficial Ownership Percentage of Class Chen Minhua, President and CEO 22,447,911 32.99% Fan Yanling, Director Secretary 22,447,911 32.99% Lin Yongxi, Director and CFO 0 0% All Executive Officers 44,895,822 65.98% and Directors as a Group (3 people CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS Chen Minhua and Fan Yangling are husband and wife. There are no other relationships between the officers or directors of the Company. 32 Table of Contents PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. The estimated expenses of this offering in connection with the issuance and distribution of the securities being registered, all of which are to be paid by the Registrant, are as follows: Registration Fee $ 1,500 00 Legal Fees and Expenses 75,000 00 Accounting Fees and Expenses 20,000 00 Printing 1,000 00 Miscellaneous Expenses 2,000 00 Total $ 99,500 00 Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers The only statue, charter provision, by-law, contract, or other arrangement under which any controlling person, director or officers of the Registrant is insured or indemnified in any manner against any liability which he may incur in his capacity as such, is as follows: Our certificate of incorporation limits the liability of our directors and officers to the maximum extent permitted by Delaware law. Delaware law provides that directors of a corporation will not be personally liable for monetary damages for breach of their fiduciary duties as directors, except liability for: (i) breach of the directors’ duty of loyalty; (ii) acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law, (iii) the unlawful payment of a dividend or unlawful stock purchase or redemption, and (iv) any transaction from which the director derives an improper personal benefit. Delaware law does not permit a corporation to eliminate a director’s duty of care, and this provision of our certificate of incorporation has no effect on the availability of equitable remedies, such as injunction or rescission, based upon a director’s breach of the duty of care. The effect of the foregoing is to require us to indemnify our officers and directors for any claim arising against such persons in their official capacities if such person acted in good faith and in a manner that he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. We also maintain officers’ and directors’ liability insurance coverage. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy and is, therefore, unenforceable. Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities On November 19, 2007, we issued 90,903,246 shares of our Common Stock to individuals and entities as designated by Keenway in exchange for 100% of the outstanding shares of Keenway pursuant to the terms of a Share Exchange Agreement. Such securities were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933. The issuance of these shares was exempt from registration, in part pursuant to Regulation S and Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933 and in part pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. We made this determination based on the representations of the entities designated by Keenway which included, in pertinent part, that such shareholders were either (a) "accredited investors" within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, or (b) not a "U.S. person" as that term is defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S under the Act, and that such shareholders were acquiring our common stock, for investment purposes for their own respective accounts and not as nominees or agents, and not with a view to the resale or distribution thereof, and that the entities designated by Keenway understood that the shares of our common stock may not be sold or otherwise disposed of without registration under the Securities Act or an applicable exemption therefrom. II-1 Table of Contents On February 29, 2008, we issued shares of our common stock to certain individuals and entities listed below pursuant to the terms of the Share Exchange Agreement entered into on November 19, 2007. Specifically, we issued a total of 44,751,046 shares of common stock to certain entities as follows: Shareholder Number of Shares Chairman Chen Minhua 18,525,131 shares Fan Yanling 18,525,131 shares Extra Profit International Limited 2,038,442 shares Luck Glory International Limited 2,038,442 shares Zhang Xinchen 1,811,950 shares E-Tech International, Inc. 1,811,950 shares These shares were issued in reliance on the exemption under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the ‘Act’). These shares of our Common Stock qualified for exemption under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 since the issuance shares by us did not involve a public offering. The offering was not a ‘public offering’ as defined in Section 4(2) due to the insubstantial number of persons involved in the deal, size of the offering, manner of the offering and number of shares offered. We did not undertake an offering in which we sold a high number of shares to a high number of investors. In addition, these shareholders had the necessary investment intent as required by Section 4(2) since they agreed to and received share certificates bearing a legend stating that such shares are restricted pursuant to Rule 144 of the 1933 Securities Act. This restriction ensures that these shares would not be immediately redistributed into the market and therefore not be part of a ‘public offering.’ Based on an analysis of the above factors, we have met the requirements to qualify for exemption under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 for this transaction. On March 7, 2008, the Company entered into a Financing transaction with Pope Investments II LLC, an accredited investor, and certain other accredited investors. Pursuant to the Financing Documents, we sold units of securities that consisted of an aggregate of 13,333,334 shares of common stock and warrants exercisable into 6,666,667 shares of common stock for a total purchase price of $14,000,000. The purchase price of one unit was $1.05. These shares were issued in reliance on the exemption under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the ‘Act’). Item 16 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules All references to Registrant’s Forms 8-K, 10-K, 10-QSB and 10-KSB include reference to File No. 07125548. Exhibit No. D escription 3.1 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (1) 4.1 Securities Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and the Investors dated March 7, 2008 (2) 4.2 Registration Rights Agreement by and between the Company and the Investors dated March 7, 2008, 2007 (2) 4.3 Lock-Up Agreement dated March 7, 2008 (2) 4.4 Make Good Agreement by and between the Company and the Investors dated March 7, 2008 (2) 4.5 Warrant Agreement by and between the Company and the Investors dated March 7, 2008 (2) 5.1 Legal Opinion of Anslow & Jaclin, LLP filed herewith 14.1 Code of Ethics (3) 23.1 Consent of Kabani & Co. filed herewith 23.2 Consent of Anslow & Jaclin, LLP refer to exhibit 5.1 (1) Incorporated herein by reference to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K (file number 000-26777) filed on March 6, 2008. (2) Incorporated herein by reference to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K (file number 000-26777) filed on March 11, 2008. (3) Incorporated herein by reference to the registrants Annual Report on Form 10-KSB (file number 000-26777) filed on March 27, 2008 II-2 Table of Contents Item 17. Undertakings The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes: (1) to file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this Registration Statement: (i) to include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). (ii) to reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the Registration Statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the Registration Statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of a prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the change in volume and price represents no more than a 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement. (iii) to include any additional or changed material information with respect to the plan of distribution. (2) that, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at the time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) to remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the Registrant pursuant to the provisions of its Certificate of Incorporation, By-Laws, the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or otherwise, the Registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the Registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer of controlling person of the Registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the Registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. II-3 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in Fujian, China, on the 6 th day of May 2008. China Yida Holding, Co. By: /s/ Chen Minhua Chen Minhua Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY Each director and/or officer of the registrant whose signature appears below hereby appoints Chen Minhu as his attorney-in-fact to sign in his name and behalf, in any and all capacities stated below, and to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, any and all amendments, including post-effective amendments, to this Registration Statement (and to any registration statement filed pursuant to Rule 462 under the Securities Act of 1933). Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates stated: Signature Title Date /s/ Fan Yangling Fan Yangling Director May 6, 2008 II-4
