Table of Contents As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 27, 2009 Registration No. 333- SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 BROADWIND ENERGY, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 3360 (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) 88-0409160 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 47 East Chicago Avenue, Suite 332 Naperville, IL 60540 (630) 637-0315 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) J.D. Rubin Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Broadwind Energy, Inc. 47 East Chicago Avenue, Suite 332 Naperville, IL 60540 (630) 637-0315 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies to: Robert L. Verigan Matthew G. McQueen Sidley Austin LLP One South Dearborn Street Chicago, IL 60603 (312) 853-7000 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: From time to time after the effective date of this Registration Statement. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933 check the following box. x If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer x Non-accelerated filer o (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Smaller reporting company o Calculation of Registration Fee Title of Securities to be Registered Amount to be Registered Proposed Maximum Offering Price Per Share (1) Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price Amount of Registration Fee Common stock, par value $.001 per share 59,704,503 $8.51 $508,085,320.53 $28,351.16 (1) Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(a) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, based on an average of the high and low reported sales prices of the Registrant’s common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. The Registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. Table of Contents Subject to Completion, dated May 27, 2009 PROSPECTUS The information contained in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. These securities may not be sold until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. 59,704,503 Shares Broadwind Energy, Inc. Common Stock This prospectus covers the resale by selling stockholders of up to 59,704,503 shares of our common stock, $0.001 par value per share. These securities will be offered for sale from time to time by the selling stockholders identified in this prospectus in accordance with the terms described in the section of this prospectus entitled “Plan of Distribution.” We will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of the common stock by the selling stockholders. Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “BWEN.” On May 15, 2009, the last reported sale price of our common stock was $7.67 per share. Investing in our common stock involves substantial risks. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 13. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of this prospectus is May 27, 2009. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PROSPECTUS SUMMARY 3 SUMMARY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 9 RISK FACTORS 13 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 26 USE OF PROCEEDS 26 SELLING STOCKHOLDERS 27 DIVIDEND POLICY 29 MARKET PRICE OF AND DIVIDENDS ON COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 30 SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 31 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 34 BUSINESS 61 INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA 70 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL HOLDERS AND MANAGEMENT 72 MANAGEMENT 75 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 77 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 79 CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS AND BUSINESS RELATIONSHIPS 94 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 97 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 99 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 101 SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE 101 LEGAL MATTERS 102 EXPERTS 102 INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE 102 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 103 You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus and any free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of us or any other information to which we have referred you. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with information different from that contained in this prospectus. The selling stockholders are offering to sell, and seeking offers to buy, shares of common stock only in jurisdictions where offers and sales are permitted. The information contained in this prospectus is accurate only as of the date of this prospectus, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus or of any sale of the shares of common stock. 2 Table of Contents PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information contained elsewhere in this prospectus and does not contain all of the information you should consider in making your investment decision. You should read the following summary together with all of the more detailed information regarding us and our common stock being sold in the offering, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, the information set forth under the headings “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations” appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. Unless we state otherwise, “Broadwind Energy,” “Broadwind,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” refer to Broadwind Energy, Inc., a Delaware incorporated company headquartered in Naperville, Illinois, and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Business Overview We are a supplier of value-added products and services to the North American wind energy sector as well as other energy-related industries. We provide our customers, such as leading wind turbine manufacturers and developers, wind farm operators and service companies, with a broad range of component and service offerings. Since 2006, we have made significant investments in the growth of our business through a series of acquisitions. In doing so, we have developed a broad, U.S.-based supply chain for wind development in North America. Our five businesses are currently organized in two operating segments: Products and Services . Products The Products segment includes three subsidiaries that manufacture and sell products such as high precision gears for wind turbines, custom-engineered gearing systems for the mining, energy, and industrial sectors, structural wind towers, internal tower components, and large fabricated and machined components for the construction and mining industries. Specific services provided include key technology areas such as form grinding and finishing of gears and gear sets, steel plate processing, semi-automated heavy welding and custom corrosion protection of components. Our primary focus is on the wind energy industry; however, our Products segment also services mining, oil and gas, construction and other industrial energy applications. The Products segment has undergone a significant expansion in the last two years and reflects the operations of Brad Foote Gear Works, Inc. (“Brad Foote”), Tower Tech Systems Inc. (“Tower Tech”), and R.B.A., Inc. (“RBA”). As of March 31, 2009, the segment had approximately 725 employees, and operated in Wisconsin, Texas, Illinois, and Pennsylvania. Taking into account our acquisition of RBA on October 1, 2007 and Brad Foote on October 19, 2007, our Products segment had revenues of $29,804,000 and $177,114,000, in 2007 and 2008, respectively. 3 Table of Contents A summary of the three subsidiaries that comprise our Products segment follows: · Brad Foote, founded in 1924 and acquired by us in October 2007, is the largest precision gear manufacturer for the wind energy industry in North America. Brad Foote produces precision and custom-engineered gearing systems for wind power generation, oil production, mining, steel, and transportation industries. Brad Foote has two facilities in Cicero, Illinois and one facility in Neville Island, Pennsylvania which we believe collectively represent the largest gear grinding and carburizing capacity in North America. As of March 31, 2009, Brad Foote had approximately 350 employees and total manufacturing space of approximately 569,000 square feet. · Tower Tech, founded in 2003 and acquired by us in February 2006, manufactures utility-scale wind towers for wind energy development. Today, Tower Tech is a leading manufacturer of wind towers and specializes in delivering the larger and heavier “next generation” wind towers to our customers. Tower Tech has strategically located facilities in Manitowoc, Wisconsin and Abilene, Texas and third wind tower manufacturing facility currently under construction in South Dakota. Tower Tech’s facilities have a combined annual production capacity which supports up to 1,500 megawatts (“MW”) of wind energy production on an annual basis. As of March 31, 2009, Tower Tech had approximately 320 employees and total manufacturing space of approximately 346,000 square feet in its Manitowoc and Abilene facilities. · RBA, founded in 1985 and acquired by us in October 2007, specializes in heavy steel fabrication and performs specialty welding services. RBA refurbishes, assembles and welds heavy equipment for the crane manufacturing, construction and mining industries. RBA’s specialized heavy plate processing experience will assist Tower Tech in developing the technical expertise to provide future generations of customized wind towers. RBA has facilities in Manitowoc, and Clintonville, Wisconsin. As of March 31, 2009, RBA had approximately 55 employees and total manufacturing space of approximately 100,000 square feet. Services The Services segment was established upon our acquisition of Energy Maintenance Service, LLC (“EMS”) in January 2008 and expanded with our acquisition of Badger Transport, Inc. (“Badger”) in June 2008. This segment specializes in construction, operations and maintenance and component repair services for the wind industry as well as specialized heavy haul trucking services to installation sites. Services provided include construction and technical support in the erection of wind turbine generators, scheduled and un-scheduled maintenance, fiberglass blade repair, retrofit solutions, technical training, and the transportation of oversize/overweight equipment and machinery. As of March 31, 2009, the segment had approximately 290 employees. Currently, the Services segment has service hub locations in South Dakota, Texas and Wisconsin and satellite field service centers in California, Colorado, Pennsylvania and Illinois. Taking into account the acquisition of EMS on January 16, 2008 and Badger on June 4, 2008, the Services segment had revenues of $41,502,000 in fiscal year 2008. A summary of each of the two subsidiaries that comprise our Services segment follows: · EMS , founded in 1998 and acquired by us in January 2008, provides construction, operations and maintenance, and component repair services for the wind industry. EMS specializes in wind turbine repair offerings, including major component refurbishing, wind turbine maintenance, construction support and engineering and advisory services. The company’s customers include turbine and component manufacturers, wind farm owners and developers. EMS’ main office is in Gary, South Dakota and it has major repair hubs in Howard, South Dakota and Abilene, Texas as well as satellite field service centers in California and Illinois. As of March 31, 2009, EMS had approximately 240 employees. · Badger , founded in 1982 and acquired by us in June 2008, is a provider of specialty transportation services of oversize/overweight equipment and machinery, primarily to the wind industry. The company specializes in the transport of tower sections, blades, nacelles and other oversized equipment for large industrial applications. Badger has been in business for over 25 years, with 15 years in specialized heavy haul and more than 11 years serving the wind industry. Badger operates from its headquarters in Clintonville, 4 Table of Contents Wisconsin. As of March 31, 2009, Badger had approximately 50 employees and operated or leased a total of 64 trailers. See Note 21 “Segment Reporting” of the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 for a discussion of summary financial information by segment. Competitive Strengths We believe our business model offers a number of competitive strengths that have contributed to our commercial success and will enable us to capitalize on significant opportunities for growth. These competitive strengths include the following: · A Leading supplier of wind components, logistics and service to the wind industry. We have successfully won key contracts and established relationships with major wind sector manufacturers and hold leading positions in many of the markets we serve. As of March 31, 2009, we provided products and services to six of the eight largest wind turbine manufacturers in the United States based on MW supplied in 2007. We believe our market position as one of the only component suppliers with a strong national presence and significant scale favorably position us to capitalize on an increasing demand for wind turbines. With the cost of shipping components to assembly plants and project sites representing up to 10—15% of the final cost of a wind project, our facilities and hubs across key wind states such as Texas, South Dakota, Pennsylvania, Illinois, California and Wisconsin provide us the opportunity to be the leading North American platform with the ability to meet the needs of turbine manufacturers across North America. · Well-positioned to benefit from the high growth of the North American wind market. We have made significant upfront investments in human resources and property and equipment to position ourselves to continue to take advantage of the potential growth in the North American wind industry. Emerging Energy Research projects a 22% compounded annual growth rate (“CAGR”) in installed wind capacity between 2008 and 2013. In 2008 alone, the U.S. wind industry installed over 8,000 MW of new capacity. We believe volatile electricity prices, increasing electricity demand, and anticipated clean energy and climate change legislation have created a favorable environment in North America for the development of renewable sources such as wind power. The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (“ARRA”), for example, included $16.8 billion over ten years for renewable energy, extended a production tax credit to December 31, 2013 and expanded an investment tax credit to cover wind developers. In addition, the federal government is considering the establishment of clean power energy standards, a federal clean power energy portfolio and a cap-and-trade carbon reduction program which we believe, if adopted, would support further growth in demand for wind energy generation. · Strong and broad customer relationships with cross-selling opportunities across customer base. Our management continues to work to develop long-term, multi-year backlog and strategic customer relationships in all our product and service businesses designed to provide for an integrated solution to the fragmented supply chain our customers face. The manufacture and production of wind energy-related infrastructure involves over 5,000 components. Currently, many of the key inputs making up the wind supply chain are both geographically dispersed and lack integration, resulting in high transportation costs and quality control issues. In addition, many of the key strategic component suppliers are currently based in Europe, which historically has resulted in shortages for turbines manufactured in North America. We believe our strategy to build an integrated platform will enable us to capture a significant portion of the overall component supply market as North American turbine manufacturers look to decrease logistics costs and make their supply chain more efficient. Further, a number of international players have announced North American-based wind turbine assembly plants that will require supply chain infrastructure. Our portfolio businesses and customer relationships allow us to cross-sell our products and services across our customer base in the wind energy supply chain. · Industry leading technology, design capabilities and manufacturing expertise. We possess industry-leading technology, design capabilities and manufacturing expertise. From our highly efficient Tower Tech 5 Table of Contents tower plants to our flexible and scalable Brad Foote gear production facilities utilizing state-of-the-art Hofler TM production centers, we have invested substantial capital in technological, engineering, manufacturing capabilities and redundant capacity at key locations near wind-rich cities that we believe will enable us to grow our businesses and increase our market share. In addition, we have benefited from our work with sophisticated original equipment manufacturing customers who run multi-year processes to certify component manufacturers for serial production. Our size and resources allow us to execute a number of Center of Excellence initiatives including Six Sigma, lean quality initiatives and certificates, supply chain management and new skills and training centers. · Experienced management team with decades of wind industry experience. Our senior management team has significant industry experience and proven expertise in wind and other energy sectors. Relevant experience includes areas important to our business including high technical specification industrial manufacturing, operational execution in the wind industry, strategic business development, financial planning and acquisition integration. They have held positions at national wind and industrial sector companies including Vestas, General Electric, British Petroleum, Trinity, DMI Industries, Regal Beloit and Whirlpool. Business and Operating Strategy Our business strategy is to capitalize on the anticipated growth of wind and other energy sectors in the U.S. and Canada by providing the highest value-added components and services across the wind and other energy sector supply chains. We seek to expand our market share in the North American wind energy industry and other energy sectors and to be the leading provider of a comprehensive supply solution to our customers in North America. The recent downturn in the economy and the effects of the disruptions in the global credit markets and financial systems have had a negative effect on the wind industry and the global heavy manufacturing industry and have limited our short term growth prospects. In light of these challenges and our belief that we have invested in enough infrastructure to meet our short term goals, our immediate focus is to concentrate on (i) achieving operational excellence within our existing businesses, (ii) continuing to expand our North American market share and (iii) maintaining adequate liquidity and working capital. Our strategic objectives include the following: · Become the leading provider in the wind supply chain in North America by expanding our suite of products and services. We are dedicated to the identification, development, and commercialization of new products and services that utilize our capacity and provide value-added solutions for our customers. Supply chain management is critical for wind turbine manufacturers who manufacture or will soon manufacture many of the turbines in the U.S. Our local presence in key wind resource states and suite of products and services directly address this critical issue by limiting exchange rate risk and importation and customs duties and substantially reducing transportation and working capital costs for our customers. With the addition of businesses providing new products and services in the last two years, we have made progress in our desire to provide comprehensive solutions for our customers across the wind supply chain from full component manufacturing to delivery to site and construction support. By maintaining strategic relationships with our customers, we are able to understand and meet their needs across the supply chain and provide opportunities to deliver them synergies across our operating units. · Leverage our customer relationships within the wind industry and related sectors to cross-sell our products and services. We believe the future wind industry manufacturing supply chain will be characterized by close customer relationships based on product development and long-term supply agreements. We consider our current relationships with our wind customers to be a key pillar of our future strategy and work closely with them to develop and tailor products to their individual needs. We engage our customers on many levels, including industry research and development, product design, key account management and manufacturing. We believe our developing single-source strategy will help leverage our existing customer relationships with the world’s leading wind turbine manufacturers and help us to realize cross-selling opportunities. We will continue to seek to capture a significant share of our existing customers’ demand and to diversify our revenue markets and customer base. 6 Table of Contents · Continue to develop the service and maintenance businesses. We believe that the after-market support business in the wind industry is currently underdeveloped. Most wind turbine components are currently serviced by wind turbine manufacturers through applicable warranty periods. We believe that as manufacturer warranties expire and as the complexity and size of wind turbines increase, component manufacturers will increasingly be asked to service their own products. We intend to support our customers’ service strategies, to further develop our own service channels and to capture a share of the expanding service and aftermarket support business on the basis of agreements with wind turbine manufacturers, wind farm operators, and independent service providers. We have local service centers located close to wind sites that are centrally-placed with capital-intensive capabilities, as well as skilled team members. We believe this gives us a competitive advantage as we capitalize on post-warranty growth in wind turbine service and maintenance demand. · Continue to improve production technology and operational efficiency and enhance our cost structure. Our manufacturing facilities include state-of-the-art equipment and lean processes to reduce costs. Although we have achieved significant cost reductions by emphasizing flexibility in our manufacturing processes and installing modern and more efficient equipment, we remain focused on further reducing costs. We will continue to employ strategies to further optimize the production processes at our facilities to generate increased output and lower our costs while maintaining product quality with high technical specifications. Ongoing efforts are underway to continue to improve labor and machine efficiencies at the plant level, revise staffing programs and upgrade scheduling and performance systems to increase efficiency, reduce inventories, and improve overall financial returns and cash flow. We also intend to continue to construct and operate lean facilities near project sites to decrease transportation costs as well as offer combined services. · Utilize our capacity to increase market share and satisfy our customers’ demand for our products and services. During 2008 we took steps to increase our manufacturing capabilities by increasing production capacity at our Brad Foote facilities and constructing a tower manufacturing plant in Abilene, Texas. Our Tower Tech subsidiary is also currently constructing an additional tower manufacturing plant in Brandon, South Dakota. In addition, RBA added an additional manufacturing location in Clintonville, Wisconsin. Our service segment increased specialized heavy-haul capacity by over 20% and EMS increased its service capacity through strategic hiring and opened an additional facility capable of MW blade repair. We are prepared to further expand manufacturing and service capacity to meet customer demand when we approach capacity constraints. However, we believe that we are well positioned to take advantage of the current market conditions and an increase in market growth with our current infrastructure. Going forward, we plan to continue to expand our delivery options to benefit from economies of scale and scope from complementary and growing businesses. · Recruit, train and retain high quality employees in our current and planned facilities. Our business relies on highly skilled workers to operate sophisticated machinery and provide specialized service with demanding technical specifications. The quality and skills of our personnel have been critical to our success to date and our continued growth depends on our ability to attract, train, and retain capable and dedicated employees. We believe we offer attractive employment opportunities in the markets in which we operate. We provide extensive training programs for new employees and continuing education for our existing employees. Many employees are able to operate a variety of different machines, depending on workload and customer orders, allowing us flexibility in our product mix. We intend to continue to place an emphasis on building a collaborate culture that fosters passion, honesty and teamwork to deliver real value for our customers and our investors. Our Corporate Information Our principal executive office is located at 47 East Chicago Avenue, Suite 332, Naperville, IL 60540. Our phone number is (630) 637-0315 and our website address is www.broadwindenergy.com . Information contained on our website does not constitute part of this prospectus. 7 Table of Contents Risk Factors In addition, you should carefully consider all of the risks discussed in “Risk Factors,” which begins on page 13. The Offering Common stock offered by the selling stockholders 59,704,503 Shares Common stock outstanding following the offering 96,546,782 Shares Use of proceeds We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of any shares in this offering by selling stockholders. See “Use of Proceeds” for more information. Nasdaq Global Select Market Symbol “BWEN” The number of shares to be outstanding after this offering is based on the number of shares outstanding as of May 6, 2009 and does not include: · 1,483,328 shares that are reserved for issuance pursuant to our incentive award plan; and · 1,932,805 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options outstanding. We are registering this offering under the terms of Registration Rights Agreements and subsequent amendments to the Registration Rights Agreements between us and the selling stockholders, as more fully described under the section titled “Certain Transactions and Business Relationships.” 8 Table of Contents SUMMARY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA The following tables set forth our summary consolidated financial data for the periods ended and as of the dates indicated below. We have derived the summary consolidated financial data as of and for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 from our audited consolidated financial statements incorporated by reference herein from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. We have derived the summary consolidated financial data as of and for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2009 and 2008 from our unaudited consolidated financial statements incorporated by reference herein from our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2009. The information set forth below should be read in conjunction with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements incorporated by reference in this prospectus. Our historical results may not be indicative of the operating results to be expected in any future period. (In thousands, except per share data) Three Months Ended March 31, 2009 2008 Selected Statement of Operations Data Revenues $ 53,062 $ 35,164 Cost of sales 48,377 27,154 Gross margin 4,685 8,010 Gross margin percentage 8.8 % 22.8 % Selling, general and administrative expenses 8,916 7,370 Intangible amortization 2,906 2,579 Operating loss (7,137 ) (1,939 ) Operating loss margin percentage -13.5 % -5.5 % Total other expense, net (449 ) (1,316 ) (Benefit) provision for income taxes (436 ) 188 Net loss $ (7,150 ) $ (3,443 ) Net loss per share - basic and diluted $ (0.07 ) $ (0.04 ) 9 Table of Contents As of March 31, 2009 Selected Balance Sheet Data Assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 6,333 Accounts receivable, net 25,821 Inventories, net 43,333 Total current assets 79,157 Property and equipment, net 147,197 Goodwill and intangibles, net 133,641 Total assets 360,269 Liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities $ 43,767 Total current liabilities 79,807 Total long-term debt, net of current maturities 18,651 Total liabilities 104,445 Working capital (deficit) $ (650 ) Total stockholders’ equity $ 255,824 Three Months Ended March 31, 2009 2008 Selected Statement of Cash Flows Data Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities $ (301 ) $ 276 Net cash used in investing activities (6,719 ) (27,468 ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (1,900 ) 28,262 Proceeds from the issuance of common stock — 17,225 Capital expenditures 6,743 8,934 Cash paid for acquisitions, net of acquired cash — 18,534 10 Table of Contents For the Year Ended December 31, 2008 2007 2006 Selected Statement of Operations Data Revenues $ 217,321 $ 29,804 $ 4,023 Cost of sales 183,951 25,865 4,822 Gross margin (deficit) 33,370 3,939 (799 ) Gross margin (deficit) percentage 15.4 % 13.2 % (19.9 )% Selling, general and administrative expenses 41,545 5,724 1,501 Goodwill impairment(1) 2,409 — — Intangible amortization 11,159 1,750 21 Operating loss (21,743 ) (3,535 ) (2,321 ) Operating loss margin percentage (10.0 )% (11.9 )% (57.7 )% Total other expense, net (2,480 ) (866 ) (414 ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes 1,062 (1,039 ) — Net loss $ (25,285 ) $ (3,362 ) $ (2,735 ) Net loss per share—basic and diluted $ (0.28 ) $ (0.07 ) $ (0.08 ) Weighted average shares outstanding—basic and diluted 89,899 51,535 33,772 As of December 31, 2008 2007 2006 Selected Balance Sheet Data Assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 15,253 $ 5,782 $ 125 Accounts receivable, net 36,709 13,541 161 Inventory 41,895 12,983 288 Total current assets 98,219 34,752 588 Property and equipment, net 144,707 58,890 2,799 Goodwill and intangibles, net 136,547 111,633 — Total assets 379,748 205,818 3,895 Liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities $ 50,611 $ 22,593 $ 3,149 Total current liabilities 85,742 62,449 8,402 Total long-term debt, net of current maturities 25,792 17,620 807 Total liabilities 117,592 81,282 9,209 Working capital (deficit) $ 12,477 $ (27,697 ) $ (7,814 ) Total stockholders’ equity (deficit) $ 262,156 $ 124,536 $ (5,314 ) 11 Table of Contents For the Year Ended December 31, 2008 2007 2006 Selected Statement of Cash Flows Data Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities $ (2,359 ) $ 521 $ (711 ) Net cash used in investing activities (106,696 ) (82,828 ) (408 ) Net cash provided by financing activities 118,526 87,964 1,078 Proceeds from the issuance of common stock 117,389 65,400 — Capital expenditures 83,720 5,854 408 Cash paid for acquisitions, net of acquired cash 23,016 76,474 — 2008 2007 2006 Selected Other Data—Non GAAP Financial Measures EBITDAS(2) $ 4,327 $ 103 $ (1,643 ) EBITDAS margin percentage(3) 2.0 % 0.3 % (40.8 )% (1) During the year ended December 31, 2008, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $2,409 related to our Products segment. See Note 10 “Goodwill and Intangible Assets” of the notes to our financial statements for further discussion of the impairment. (2) For any period, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, and share-based compensation (“EBITDAS”) are calculated as presented below. Additionally, the calculation of EBITDAS excludes the effect of any goodwill and intangible impairment charges. For the Year Ended December 31, 2008 2007 2006 Net loss $ (25,285 ) $ (3,362 ) $ (2,735 ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes 1,062 (1,039 ) — Interest income (584 ) (400 ) — Interest expense 2,860 1,239 411 Goodwill impairment 2,409 — — Depreciation and amortization 21,866 3,523 328 Share-based compensation 1,999 142 353 EBITDAS $ 4,327 $ 103 $ (1,643 ) (3) EBITDAS margin percentage equals EBITDAS divided by total revenue. We believe that EBITDAS is particularly meaningful due principally to the role acquisitions have played in our development. Historically, our growth through acquisitions has resulted in significant non-cash depreciation and amortization expense because a significant portion of the purchase price of our acquired businesses is generally allocated to depreciable fixed assets and long-lived assets, which primarily consists of goodwill and amortizable intangible assets. Please note that neither EBITDAS nor EBITDAS margin percentage should be considered alternatives to, nor is there any implication that they are more meaningful than, any measure of performance or liquidity promulgated under accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. 12 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risks and all other information contained in this prospectus, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, before investing in our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, also may become important factors that affect us. If any of the following risks materialize, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose some or all of your investment. Risks Relating to Our Business and Our Industry Our businesses, and therefore our results of operations and financial condition, may be adversely affected by the current disruption in the global credit markets and instability of financial systems. The recent disruption in the global credit markets, the re-pricing of credit risk and the deterioration of the financial and real estate markets generally, particularly in the U.S. and Europe, have all contributed to a reduction in consumer spending and a decline in the overall U.S. economy. Although the recent disruptions were initially in the housing, financial and insurance sectors, this deterioration has further expanded to the general economy and other sectors, including the wind energy sector. Tight credit, increased unemployment and reduced consumer confidence have had negative effects on demand for alternative sources of energy and consequently for our product and service offerings. In addition, some economists are predicting that the U.S. economy, and possibly the global economy, has entered into a prolonged recession or even a depression as a result of the foregoing factors. Such a prolonged downturn in the U.S. or global economy could have a material adverse effect on our business in a number of ways, including lower sales and renewal cycles if there is a reduction in demand for wind energy and could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, if these conditions continue or worsen, they may result in reduced worldwide demand for energy and additional difficulties in obtaining financing, which may adversely affect our business. Risks we might face could include: potential declines in revenues in our business segments due to reduced orders or other factors caused by economic challenges faced by our customers and prospective customers, potential adverse impacts on our ability to access credit and other financing sources beyond the approved credit lines we currently have, and increased costs associated with accessing further credit and financing sources. Further, if these conditions continue or worsen, our ability to finance future acquisitions or significant capital expenditures relating to new projects and lines of business may be adversely affected. A disruption of economic growth in the wind industry could negatively impact our results of operations and growth. Our business segments are focused on supplying products and services to wind turbine manufacturers and owners and operators of wind energy generation facilities. Currently, the wind industry is dependent upon federal tax incentives and state renewable portfolio standards. The federal government provides economic incentives to the owners of wind energy facilities, including a federal production tax credit, an investment tax credit and a cash grant equal in value to the investment tax credit. The production tax credit was extended in February 2009 through the ARRA and provides the owner of a qualifying wind energy facility placed in operation before the end of 2012 with a ten-year tax credit against the owner’s federal income tax obligations based on the amount of electricity generated by the qualifying wind energy facility. Alternatively, wind project owners may elect to receive a 30% investment tax credit for facilities placed in service before the end of 2012 or apply to receive a cash grant from the Department of Treasury, equal in value to the investment tax credit, for facilities placed in service in 2009 and 2010, and also for facilities placed in service before 2013 if construction begins before the end of 2010. 13 Table of Contents The production tax credit, investment tax credit and cash grant provide material incentives to develop wind energy generation facilities and thereby impact the demand for our manufactured products and services. The increased demand for our products and services resulting from the credits and incentives may continue until such credits or incentives lapse. The failure of Congress to extend or renew these incentives beyond 2012 could significantly delay the development of wind energy generation facilities and the demand for wind turbines, towers and related components. In addition, we cannot assure you that any subsequent extension or renewal of the production tax credit, investment tax credit or cash grant would be enacted prior to its expiration or, if allowed to expire, that any extension or renewal enacted thereafter would be enacted with retroactive effect. It is possible that these federal incentives will not be extended beyond 2012. Any delay or failure to extend or renew the federal production tax credit, investment tax credit or cash grant in the future could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial performance and future development efforts. Renewable portfolio standards are state-specific statutory provisions requiring state-regulated electric utilities to supply a certain amount of electricity from renewable energy sources or devote a certain portion of their plant capacity to renewable energy sources. Additionally, certified renewable energy generators can earn renewable energy credits for every unit of electricity they produce and sell from renewable generation facilities. These standards have spurred significant growth in the wind energy industry and a corresponding increase in the demand for our manufactured products. Currently, more than 25 states and the District of Colombia have renewable portfolio standards in place and at least 3 states have voluntary utility commitments to supply a specific percentage of their electricity from renewable sources. The enactment of renewable portfolio standards in additional states or any changes to existing renewable portfolio standards, or the enactment of a federal renewable portfolio standard or carbon trading policy may impact the demand for our products. We cannot assure you that government support for renewable energy will continue. The elimination of, or reduction in, state or federal government policies that support renewable energy could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial performance and future development efforts. We are substantially dependent on a few significant customers. Each of our segments has significant customers and concentrated sales to such customers. If our relationships with significant customers should change materially, including as a result of decreased customer demand for our products and services due to the impact of current or future economic conditions on our customers, it could be difficult for us to immediately and profitably replace lost sales in such a market where we have significant revenue concentration. In addition, although our subsidiary companies operate independently, a dispute between a significant customer and us or one of our subsidiaries could have a negative effect on the business relationship we have with that customer across our entire organization. Among other things, such a dispute could lead to an overall decrease in such customer’s demand for our products and services or difficulty in collecting amounts due to one or more of our subsidiaries that are otherwise not related to such a dispute. Moreover, a material change in payment terms for accounts receivable of a significant customer could have a material adverse effect on our short-term cash flows. Our customers may be significantly affected by disruptions and volatility in the markets. Current market disruptions and regular market volatility may have adverse impacts on our customers’ ability to pay when due the amounts payable to us and could cause related increases in our cost of capital associated with any increased working capital or borrowing needs we may have if this occurs. We may also have difficulty collecting amounts payable to us in full (or at all) if any of our customers fail or seek protection under applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws. In addition, our customers may attempt to renegotiate the terms of contracts or reduce the size of orders with us as a result of disruptions and volatility in the markets. Our backlog is substantial and we cannot predict with any degree of certainty the amount of our backlog that we will be successful in collecting from our customers. Market disruptions and regular market volatility may also result in an increased likelihood of our customers bringing warranty or remediation claims in connection with our products or services that they would not ordinarily bring in a more stable economic environment. In the event of such a claim, we may incur costs if we decide to compensate the affected customer or to engage in litigation against the affected customer regarding the claim. We 14 Table of Contents maintain product liability insurance, but there can be no guarantee that such insurance will be available or adequate to protect against such claims. A successful claim against us could result in a material adverse effect on our business. Volatile financial markets or our own operating performance and liquidity could restrict our ability to access capital, and may increase our borrowing costs and ability to continue as a going concern. In a Schedule 13D filed with the SEC on November 10, 2008, Tontine Capital Partners, L.P. (“TCP”), Tontine Capital Overseas Master Fund, L.P. (“TMF”), Tontine Partners, L.P. (“TP”), Tontine Overseas Fund, Ltd. (“TOF”) and Tontine 25 Overseas Master Fund, L.P. (“T25” and collectively with TP, TOF, TCP, TMF and their affiliates, “Tontine”) stated its intention to explore alternatives for the disposition of its equity interest in the Company. Tontine owns approximately 49% of our outstanding common stock as of May 11, 2009. We have from time to time relied on Tontine for financing cash flows from private placements of our common stock. Tontine’s intentions with respect to our common stock may affect our ability to raise cash from financing activities and could affect our liquidity. We rely on access to both short and long-term capital markets as a source of liquidity for capital requirements not satisfied by cash flows from operations. If we are not able to access capital at competitive rates, the ability to implement our business plans may be adversely affected. Unprecedented disruptions in the current credit and financial markets, particularly in the United States and Europe, have had a significant material adverse impact on a number of financial institutions and have limited access to capital and credit for many companies. These disruptions could make it more difficult for us to obtain debt financing for its operations, acquisitions and anticipated capital expenditures or increase its cost of obtaining financing, which could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, our current short- and long-term debt agreements contain various financial covenants. Violations of such covenants may restrict our ability to obtain the additional financing we need to implement our growth strategy. In the event of a loan covenant violation and inability to obtain waivers, our loans would be due immediately and our ability to obtain financing could be severely impacted. As previously disclosed, as a result of restating our financial statements for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2008, Brad Foote was in violation of two of its covenants in its Loan Agreement, dated as of January 17, 1997, as amended (the “Loan Agreement”) with Bank of America, formerly LaSalle Bank National Association (“BOA”). Brad Foote obtained a waiver of these covenant violations from BOA as of September 30, 2008, and otherwise was in compliance with the financial and other covenants contained in the Loan Agreement as of September 30, 2008. On January 16, 2009, Brad Foote, 1309 South Cicero, LLC (“1309”) and 5100 Neville Road, LLC (“5100”) (each a wholly-owned subsidiary of Brad Foote) entered into an Omnibus Amendment Agreement dated January 15, 2009 (the “Omnibus Amendment”) with BOA, amending the Loan Agreement. Among other things, the Omnibus Amendment provided that BOA waive Brad Foote’s violation of the two covenants in the Loan Agreement with which Brad Foote had not been in compliance for the period from December 31, 2008 up to but not including January 20, 2009. The Omnibus Amendment also provided that Brad Foote’s financial covenants and events of default under the Loan Agreement be amended and restated. On March 13, 2009, Brad Foote, 1309 and 5100 entered into a Second Omnibus Amendment Agreement (the “Second Omnibus Amendment”) with BOA and, in connection therewith, Broadwind, 1309 and 5100 entered into a Reaffirmation of agreements and covenants in the Loan Agreement and related documents (the “Reaffirmation”). Among other things, the Second Omnibus Amendment further amended and restated certain financial covenants under the Loan Agreement and shortened the maturities of certain of the loans outstanding under the Loan Agreement. Pursuant to the Second Omnibus Amendment, Brad Foote paid BOA $1.5 million of the amount outstanding on its revolving note under the Loan Agreement ($500,000 of which was paid by us on behalf of Brad Foote) and will pay an extension fee on a monthly basis through the end of 2009. In addition, the Second Omnibus Amendment also provided that the revolving note under the Loan Agreement be amortized pursuant to monthly payments, that the maturity date of the revolving note under the Loan Agreement be extended to January 15, 2011, that BOA’s revolving credit commitment under the Loan Agreement be terminated and that BOA shall have no obligation to make revolving loans to Brad Foote under the Loan Agreement. While we expect that we will be in 15 Table of Contents compliance with the amended and restated covenants contained in the Loan Agreements, there can be no certainty that Brad Foote will be in compliance with such covenants for any future periods or that Brad Foote will be able to attain a waiver from BOA in the event of a violation of one or more such covenants. Please see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for a more detailed discussion of the Loan Agreement. On May 8, 2009, Brad Foote entered into a Thirty-Fifth Amendment and Waiver to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of May 8, 2009 (the “Thirty-Fifth Amendment”) with BOA, further amending the Loan Agreement. Among other things, the Thirty-Fifth Amendment provided that BOA waive Brad Foote’s violation of (i) the financial covenants set forth in Sections 14.1(d) and (e) of the Loan Agreement (the senior debt to EBITDA ratio and cash flow coverage ratio covenants) solely for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2009, but only to the extent that such violations would not cause any Default or Event of Default under the Loan Agreement as amended by the Thirty-Fifth Amendment; (ii) the financial covenant set forth in Section 14.1(f) of the Loan Agreement (the minimum EBITDA ratio covenant) solely for each of the calendar months of January 2009 and February 2009; (iii) the financial covenant set forth in Section 14.1(f) of the Loan Agreement (the minimum EBITDA ratio covenant) solely for each of the calendar months of March 2009 and April 2009, but only to the extent that such violations would not cause any Default or Event of Default under the Loan Agreement as amended by the Thirty-Fifth Amendment; and (iv) certain covenants relating to the delivery of Brad Foote’s financial information to BOA. In addition, the Thirty-Fifth Amendment provided that certain of Brad Foote’s financial covenants be amended and restated, including requirements with respect to maintenance of ratios of (i) senior debt to EBITDA, (ii) cash flow coverage and (iii) minimum EBITDA. In connection with the Thirty-Fifth Amendment, Brad Foote agreed to pay BOA a $25,000 amendment and waiver fee, as well as all reasonable fees and expenses of BOA incurred in connection with the drafting, negotiation, execution, delivery and effectiveness of the Thirty-Fifth Amendment. Also, 1309, 5100 and Broadwind entered into a Reaffirmation dated as of May 8, 2009, reaffirming that each of the Loan Documents (as defined in the Loan Agreement) to which they are a party remains in full force and effect and is ratified and confirmed. In addition, we were able to amend and extend our debt agreements with the primary lenders for Tower Tech and RBA as of March 13, 2009 as further described in the respective Tower Tech and RBA credit facilities discussions included in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” below. Tower Tech and RBA are also subject to certain covenants within the agreements, and while there can be no certainty that we will be able to meet our obligations under these covenants, we expect that they will be met during 2009. Our Board of Directors has established a Finance Committee to, among other things, assist the Board in monitoring and evaluating our liquidity, short- and long-term financing plans and capital structure. Brad Foote has been notified of an event of default under its Loan Agreement with Bank of America, which could result in an acceleration of Brad Foote’s obligations under the Loan Agreement. Our Brad Foote subsidiary has been notified that certain mechanics’ liens (the “Liens”) were filed against certain of its real property. We believe the amounts claimed pursuant to the Liens have been paid by Brad Foote to the applicable general contractors and Brad Foote believes that such general contractors have remitted or will soon remit such payments to the parties that filed the Liens. The filing of the Liens does, however, constitute an event of default under the Loan Agreement with BOA. Although Brad Foote has been in discussions with BOA and is seeking a waiver of the event of default from BOA, there can be no assurance that a waiver will be obtained and that BOA will not accelerate Brad Foote’s obligations under the Loan Agreement. If Brad Foote is unable to obtain a waiver of the event of default, approximately $ 20,853,245 would become immediately due and payable by Brad Foote to BOA. We may have difficulty raising additional financing when needed or on acceptable terms, which could force us to delay, reduce or eliminate some or all of our development plans. Our limited resources and limited operating history may make it difficult to borrow funds to increase the amount of capital available to us to carry out our business. The amount and nature of any such borrowings would depend on numerous considerations, including our capital requirements, our perceived ability to meet debt service on any such borrowings and the then prevailing conditions in the financial markets, as well as general economic conditions. There can be no assurance that debt financing, if required or sought, would be available on terms deemed to be commercially acceptable by us and in our best interest. There can be no assurances that our operations will generate sufficient cash flows or that credit facilities will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund other liquidity needs. Our ability to make scheduled payments on our debt and other financial obligations will depend on our future financial and operating performance. While we believe that we will continue to have sufficient cash flows to operate our businesses, there can be no assurances that our operations will generate sufficient cash flows or that credit facilities will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our 16 Table of Contents other liquidity needs. If we cannot make scheduled payments on our debt, we will be in default and, as a result, among other things, our debt holders could declare all outstanding principal and interest to be due and payable and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation or required to substantially restructure or alter our business operations or debt obligations. Our financial and operating performance is subject to prevailing economic and industry conditions and to financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we will likely face increased pressure to dispose of assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. These actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we cannot assure that we would be able to take any of these actions, that these actions would be successful and permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations or that these actions would be permitted under the terms of our existing or future debt agreements since our credit agreements restrict our ability to dispose of assets and use the proceeds from such dispositions. For example, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. There can be no assurance that we will be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all. In the absence of improved operating results and access to capital resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain the proceeds realized. Additionally, these proceeds may not be adequate to meet our debt service obligations then due. Our credit agreements limit our ability to take various actions, and a default under our credit agreements could have a material adverse impact on our business. Our credit agreements limit our ability to take various actions, including paying dividends and disposing of assets. Accordingly, we may be restricted from taking actions that management believes would be desirable and in the best interests of us and our stockholders. Our credit agreements also require us to satisfy specified financial and non-financial covenants. A breach of any covenants contained in our credit agreements could result in an event of default under the agreements. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under our credit agreements, the lenders may not be required to lend any additional amounts to us and could elect to declare all borrowings outstanding thereunder, together with accrued and unpaid interest and fees, to be due and payable, which could also trigger payment obligations under various guaranties securing certain of our borrowings, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. As a result of these covenants, we are limited in the manner in which we conduct our business and we may be unable to engage in favorable business activities or finance future operations or capital needs. Our ability to comply with the covenants and restrictions contained in the agreements governing our indebtedness may be affected by economic, financial and industry conditions beyond our control. If we were unable to refinance these borrowings on favorable terms, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted by increased costs and less favorable terms, including higher interest rates and more restrictive covenants. The instruments governing the terms of any future refinancing of any borrowings are likely to contain similar or more restrictive covenants. Our level of indebtedness could adversely affect our business, and certain of our indebtedness matures in the near term. As of March 31, 2009, our consolidated indebtedness totaled approximately $40.6 million, $37.2 million of which Broadwind has guaranteed for our wholly-owned subsidiaries. As of May 8, 2009, approximately $41.0 million of outstanding indebtedness related to our consolidated indebtedness totaling approximately $44.4 million was guaranteed by Broadwind. We cannot assure you that our businesses will generate sufficient cash flow from operations to pay this debt. In addition, approximately $18.1 million of our indebtedness is scheduled to mature during 2009. Our significant debt service obligations: 17 Table of Contents · may limit our ability to obtain additional financing in excess of our current borrowing capacity on satisfactory terms to fund working capital requirements, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, capital stock and debt repurchases, dividends, distributions and other general corporate requirements or to refinance existing indebtedness; · require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows to the payment of principal and interest on our debt which will reduce the funds we have available for other purposes; · limit our liquidity and operational flexibility and our ability to respond to the challenging economic and business conditions that currently exist or that we may face in the future; · may require us in the future to reduce discretionary spending, dispose of assets or forgo acquisitions or other strategic opportunities; · impose on us additional financial and operational restrictions; · expose us to increased interest rate risk because a substantial portion of our debt obligations are at variable interest rates; and · subject us to market and industry speculation as to our financial condition and the effect of our debt level and debt service obligations on our operations, which speculation could be disruptive to our relationships with customers, suppliers, employees, creditors and other third parties. For a more detailed discussion of the indebtedness of Broadwind and its subsidiaries, please see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and Note 12 “Debt and Credit Agreements” to our consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. Variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. As of March 31, 2009, approximately $27.7 million of our borrowings were at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. If interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness would increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same. In connection with the acquisition of Brad Foote in October 2007, we assumed two interest rate swap agreements. These swap agreements related to two outstanding equipment loans with a notional amount totaling $8.6 million and involved the exchange of a floating interest rate for a fixed interest rate. These swaps are scheduled to mature in January 2011 and April 2012. We may use interest rate derivatives to hedge the variability of the cash flows associated with our existing or forecasted variable rate borrowings. Although we may enter into additional interest rate swaps, involving the exchange of floating for fixed rate interest payments, to reduce interest rate volatility, we cannot provide assurances that we will be able to do so or that such swaps will be effective. Growth and diversification through acquisitions and internal expansion may not be successful, and could result in poor financial performance. To execute our business strategy, we may acquire new businesses. We may not be able to identify appropriate acquisition candidates or successfully negotiate, finance or integrate acquisitions. If we are unable to make acquisitions, we may be unable to realize the growth we anticipate. Future acquisitions could involve numerous risks including difficulties in integrating the operations, services, products, and personnel of the acquired business; and the potential loss of key employees, customers and suppliers of the acquired business. If we are unable to successfully manage these acquisition risks, future earnings may be adversely affected. We may also plan to continue to grow our existing business through increased production levels at existing facilities and through expansion to new manufacturing facilities and locations, such as our recently completed tower 18 Table of Contents manufacturing facility in Abilene, Texas and our partially constructed tower manufacturing facility in Brandon, South Dakota. Such expansion and any future expansion will require coordinated efforts across the Company and continued enhancements to our current operating infrastructure, including management and operations personnel, systems and equipment, and property. Difficulties or delays in acquiring and effectively integrating any new facilities may adversely affect future performance. Moreover, if our expansion efforts do not adequately predict the demand of our customers and our potential customers, our future earnings may be adversely affected. We have a limited operating history. In February 2006, we completed a reverse shell transaction with Tower Tech, whereupon we became a holding company for Tower Tech. From the third quarter of 2007 through June of 2008, we acquired RBA, Brad Foote, EMS and Badger, all of which had been stand-alone private companies prior to when they were acquired by Broadwind. Our limited operating history and the limited period of time during which we have operated in our current form makes it difficult to evaluate our business. In addition, the uncertainty of our future performance and ability to maintain or improve our financial, sales and operating systems, procedures and controls increase the risk that we may be unable to continue to successfully operate our business. In the event that we are not able to manage our growth and operate as a public company due to our limited experience, our business may suffer uncertainty and failures. We face intense competition from industry participants who may have greater resources than we do. Our businesses are subject to risks associated with competition from new or existing industry participants who may have more resources and better access to capital. Many of our competitors and potential competitors may have substantially greater financial, customer support, technical and marketing resources, larger customer bases, longer operating histories, greater name recognition and more established relationships in the industry than we do. Among other things, these industry participants compete with our subsidiaries based upon price, quality, location and available capacity. We cannot be sure that we will have the resources or expertise to compete successfully in the future. Some of our competitors may also be able to provide customers with additional benefits at lower overall costs to increase market share. We cannot be sure that we will be able to match cost reductions by our competitors or that we will be able to succeed in the face of current or future competition. We have generated limited revenue and have generated net losses and negative cash flows since our inception. We have experienced operating losses, as well as net losses, for each of the years during which we have operated. In addition in light of current economic conditions, we anticipate that future losses and negative cash flow is possible for the foreseeable future. We have incurred significant costs in connection with the development of our businesses and there is no assurance that we will achieve sufficient revenues to offset anticipated operating costs. Although we anticipate deriving revenues from the sale of our products and services, no assurance can be given that these products can be sold on a net profit basis. If we achieve profitability, we cannot give any assurance that we would be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis in the future. Material weaknesses or other deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting, including potential failure to prevent or detect errors or fraud, could affect the accuracy of our reported financial results. Management identified material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting in 2008, as referenced in Item 9A Controls and Procedures of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. We restated certain financial information in its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008 on account of certain material weaknesses in internal controls over its financial reporting. Internal control weaknesses or deficiencies may continue to affect our ability to close our financial reporting on a timely basis or report accurate numbers. In addition, acquisitions of companies lacking sufficient financial and internal control expertise may affect our ability to comply with public company reporting requirements in the future, including meeting filing deadlines established by the SEC, and ensuring that our Company-wide controls and procedures are adequate to provide financial information in a timely and reliable matter. We may incur substantial additional costs to bring acquired companies’ systems into compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 19 Table of Contents of 2002, as amended (“Sarbanes-Oxley”). Our ability to attract and retain qualified financial experts will also impact our ability to comply with financial reporting and Sarbanes-Oxley regulations. If we are not able to maintain the requirements of Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley in a timely manner or with adequate compliance, we may be subject to sanctions or investigation by regulatory authorities. This type of action could adversely affect our financial results or investors’ confidence in our company and our ability to access capital markets and could cause our stock price to decline. We are required to devote substantial time to regulatory compliance initiatives, which may divert management’s attention from the growth and operation of our business. As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses, and we are subject to the SEC’s rules and regulations relating to public disclosure that generally involve a substantial expenditure of financial resources and managerial time. In addition, Sarbanes-Oxley, as well as rules subsequently implemented by the SEC, require changes in corporate governance practices of public companies. Full compliance with these rules and regulations represents a significant portion of our legal and financial compliance costs and has made some activities more time-consuming and costly. We may also incur substantial additional costs to bring acquired companies’ systems into compliance with Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley. Such additional reporting and compliance costs may negatively impact our financial results. To the extent our earnings suffer as a result of the financial impact of our SEC reporting or compliance costs, our ability to develop an active trading market for our securities could be harmed. As a public company, we also expect that new rules and regulations may make it more difficult and expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance in the future, and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers. It may be time-consuming, difficult and costly for us to continue our development and implementation of the internal controls and reporting procedures required by Sarbanes-Oxley. Some members of our management team have limited or no experience operating a company with securities traded or listed on an exchange, or subject to SEC rules and requirements, including SEC reporting practices and requirements that are applicable to a publicly traded company. We may need to recruit, hire, train and retain additional financial reporting, internal controls and other personnel in order to develop and implement appropriate internal controls and reporting procedures. Our future operating results and the market price of the common stock could be materially adversely affected if we are required to write down the carrying value of goodwill or intangible assets associated with any of our operating segments in the future. In accordance with the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (“SFAS”) No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets (“SFAS 142”), we review our goodwill and intangible balances for impairment on at least an annual basis through the application of a fair-value-based test. Our estimate of fair-value for each of our operating segments is based primarily on projected future results and cash flows and other assumptions. In addition, in accordance with the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets (“SFAS 144”), we review long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. In October of 2008, we performed our annual test for goodwill impairment and determined that the goodwill balance related to RBA was impaired. This determination indicated a decline in the projected fair value of RBA net assets based upon forecasted operating results. Our analysis indicated that the projected discounted cash flows associated with RBA’s net assets did not exceed their carrying value. As a result, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of approximately $2.4 million during the fourth quarter of 2008. In the future, if our projected discounted cash flows associated with our operating segments do not exceed the carrying value of their net assets, we may be required to record additional write downs of the carrying value of goodwill, intangible assets or other long-lived assets associated with any of our operating segments in accordance with SFAS 142 and SFAS 144, and our operating results and the market price of our common stock may be materially adversely affected. 20 Table of Contents Disruptions in the supply of parts and raw materials, or changes in supplier relations, may negatively impact our operating results. We are dependent upon the supply of certain raw materials used in its production process and these raw materials are exposed to price fluctuations on the open market. Raw material costs for items such as steel, the primary raw material used by us, have fluctuated significantly and may continue to fluctuate. To reduce price risk caused by market fluctuations, we have incorporated price adjustment clauses in certain sales contracts. However, limitations on availability of raw materials or increases or decreases in the cost of raw materials (including steel) energy, transportation and other necessary services may impact our operating results if our manufacturing businesses are not able to fully pass on the costs associated with such increases or decreases to their respective customers. In addition, we may encounter supplier constraints, be unable to maintain favorable supplier arrangements and relations or be affected by disruptions in the supply chain caused by such events as natural disasters, power outages and the effect of labor strikes. In the event of significant increases or decreases in the price of raw materials, particularly steel, our margins and profitability could be negatively impacted. Restrictions on transport and significant fluctuations in fuel costs could affect distribution access to certain geographical areas. Significant fluctuations in fuel costs and transport restrictions could negatively impact transport of large products such as towers, blades and nacelles. Depending on the location of our customers’ and potential customers’ wind projects, they may choose to limit their transportation expenses by choosing to source component purchases in geographic areas where our operations are not located. In addition, rising fuel costs and transport restrictions could have a material effect on the business and operations of Badger, our specialized heavy haul trucking subsidiary. Trade restrictions may present barriers to entry in certain international markets . Restrictions on trade with certain international markets could affect our ability to expand into these markets. In addition, the existence of government subsidies available to our competitors in certain countries may affect our ability to compete on a price basis. We may be unable to keep pace with rapidly changing technology in wind turbine component manufacturing. The global market for wind turbines is rapidly evolving technologically. Wind turbines are progressively becoming larger and more powerful, and our component manufacturing equipment and technology may not be suited for future generations of products being developed by wind turbine companies. To maintain a successful business in our field, we must keep pace with technological developments and changing standards of our customers and potential customers and meet their constantly evolving demands. If we fail to adequately respond to the technological changes in our industry, or are not suited to provide components for new types of wind turbines, our net worth, financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected. We rely on unionized labor, the loss of which could adversely affect our future success. We are dependent on the services of unionized labor and have collective bargaining agreements with certain of our operations workforce. The loss of the services of these and other personnel, whether through terminations, attrition, labor strike, or otherwise, or a material change in our collective bargaining agreements, could have a material adverse impact on us and our future profitability. Collective bargaining units in place at our Brad Foote subsidiary’s Pittsburgh and Cicero facilities are under contract through October 2009 and February 2010, respectively and represent approximately 30% of our workforce. 21 Table of Contents The loss of our key personnel could harm our business. Our future success will depend largely on the skills, efforts, and motivation of our executive officers and other key personnel. Our success also depends, in large part, upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified management and key personnel throughout our organization. We face competition in the attraction and retention of personnel who possess the skill sets that we seek. In addition, key personnel may leave our company and subsequently compete against us. The loss of the services of any of our key personnel, or our failure to attract and retain other qualified and experienced personnel on acceptable terms, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our ability to comply with regulatory requirements is critical to our future success and our current level of controls cannot guarantee that we are in compliance with all such requirements. As a manufacturer and distributor of wind and other energy industry products we are subject to a number of industry standard-setting authorities, such as the American Gear Manufacturers Association and the American Welding Society. In addition, many of our products are or may become subject to the requirements of federal, state and local or foreign regulatory authorities. Changes in the standards and requirements imposed by such authorities could have a material adverse effect on us. In the event we are unable to meet any such standards when adopted our business could be adversely affected. We may not be able to obtain all regulatory approvals, licenses and permits that may be required in the future, or any necessary modifications to existing regulatory approvals, licenses and permits, or maintain all required regulatory approvals, licenses and permits. While we believe that our businesses are currently in compliance with the requirements of federal, state and local or foreign regulatory authorities applicable to them, our current internal controls are likely insufficient to guarantee that our businesses are in full compliance with such requirements. We continue to develop our internal controls with a goal of providing a greater degree of certainty that our businesses are in compliance with applicable governmental and regulatory requirements, but our current level of internal control may fail to reveal to us material instances of non-compliance with such requirements, and such non-compliance could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our principal stockholder holds a large percentage of our common stock and influences our affairs significantly but has publicly stated its intention to liquidate certain of its holdings in various investments, which may include shares of our common stock. Tontine owns approximately 49% of our outstanding common stock as of May 11, 2009 and has the right to designate three individuals on our board of directors pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement entered into with Broadwind in August 2007. As a result, Tontine has the voting power to significantly influence our policies, business and affairs, and the outcome of any corporate transaction or other matter, including mergers, consolidations and the sale of all, or substantially all, of our assets. Tontine’s significant ownership level may have the effect of delaying, deterring, or preventing a change in control that otherwise could result in a premium in the price of our common stock. Tontine and its affiliates may invest in entities that directly or indirectly compete with us or companies in which they currently invest may begin competing with us. As a result of these relationships, when conflicts between the interests of Tontine and the interests of our other stockholders arise, the Tontine-designated directors may have conflicts of interest. Although our directors and officers will have a duty of loyalty to us under Delaware law and our certificate of incorporation, transactions that we enter into in which a director or officer has a conflict of interest are generally permissible, if done in compliance with Delaware law. The actions of Tontine may have the effect of influencing changes in control or changes in management, or limiting the ability of our other stockholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in their best interest. As stated above, Tontine in Schedule 13D filed with the SEC on November 10, 2008 stated its intention to explore alternatives for the disposition of its equity interest in the Company. We have granted Tontine registration rights with respect to the Broadwind common stock it holds. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales may occur, could affect the management of our company and could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 22 Table of Contents Risks Relating to our Common Stock and this Offering Ownership of our common stock is highly concentrated and, as a result, our two largest stockholders can significantly influence our business, which may have the effect to delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control of the Company. Tontine and J. Cameron Drecoll, our Chief Executive Officer and one of our directors, own approximately 62% of our outstanding common stock as of May 11, 2009. As a result, Tontine and Mr. Drecoll have the voting power to significantly influence our policies, business and affairs, and the outcome of any corporate transaction or other matter, including mergers, consolidations and the sale of all, or substantially all, of our assets. This concentration in control may have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control that otherwise could result in a premium in the price of our common stock. When conflicts between the interests of Tontine and/or Mr. Drecoll and the interests of our other stockholders arise, the Tontine-designated directors and/or Mr. Drecoll may have conflicts of interest. Although our directors and officers will have a duty of loyalty to us under Delaware law and our certificate of incorporation, transactions that we enter into in which a director or officer has a conflict of interest are generally permissible, if done in compliance with Delaware law. Generally, we have not paid any cash dividends, and no cash dividends will be paid in the foreseeable future. We do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future, and we may not have sufficient funds legally available to pay dividends. Even if funds are legally available for distribution, we may nevertheless decide not to or may be unable to pay any dividends. We intend to retain all earnings for our company’s operations. Accordingly, you may have to sell some or all of your common stock in order to generate cash flow from your investment. You may not receive a gain on your investment when you sell our common stock and may lose some or all of the amount of your investment. Any determination to pay dividends in the future on our common stock will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our results of operations, financial conditions, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law, capital requirements and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. If you purchase our common stock, you may incur substantial dilution in the future. The issuance of additional shares of our capital stock or the exercise of stock options or warrants could be substantially dilutive to your shares and may negatively affect the market price of our common stock. For much of our history, there has been no active trading market for our common stock and an active trading market may not develop. Until April 9, 2009, our common stock was listed for quotation on the Over-the-Counter (“OTC”) Bulletin Board, and, as a result, there was no active trading market for our common stock. We were only recently listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, and a limited trading market may impair your ability to sell your shares of common stock at the time you wish to sell them or at a price that you consider reasonable. A limited trading market may also reduce the market value and increase the volatility of your shares of common stock. We operate in a capital intensive industry and a limited trading market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling shares of common stock and may impair our ability to acquire financing needed to implement our development plans. The price of our common stock may fluctuate substantially and your investment may decline in value. The market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and may fluctuate substantially due to many factors, including: · actual or anticipated fluctuations in our results of operations; 23 Table of Contents · failure to meet our earnings estimates should we decide to provide such estimates in the future; · conditions and trends in the energy markets in which we operate and changes in the estimation of the size and growth rate of these markets; · changes or proposed changes in, or differing interpretations of, laws or regulations affecting our business or the businesses of our customers, including state renewable portfolio standard programs and the production tax credit; · natural disasters, war and/or terrorism, which may disrupt our operations and those of our customers; · additions or departures of members of our senior management or other key personnel; · announcements of significant contracts or development by us or our competitors; · loss of one or more of our significant revenue sources; · changes in market valuation or earnings of our competitors; · the trading volume of our common stock; and · general market and economic conditions. In addition, the stock market in general, and the Nasdaq Global Select Market, as well as the market for broader energy and renewable energy companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of particular companies affected. These broad market and industry factors may materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, securities class-action litigation has often been instituted against that company. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management’s attention and resources, which could materially harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. Future sales of our common stock by one or more of our significant stockholders may depress our share price. Tontine has publicly stated that it will begin to explore alternatives for the disposition of shares of certain of its equity interests, which may include Tontine’s equity interests in our company. This registration statement registers Tontine’s and Mr. Drecoll’s common stock for resale in the public market. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales may occur, could affect the management of our company and could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. Provisions in our charter documents, certain agreements to which we are a party and Delaware law may delay or prevent acquisition of us, which could adversely affect the value of our common stock. Provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, certain agreements to which we are a party, as well as provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, could delay or make it more difficult to remove incumbent directors or for a third party to acquire us, even if a takeover would benefit our stockholders. These provisions include: 24 Table of Contents · the power of the board of directors to fill any vacancy on the board of directors, whether such vacancy occurs as a result of an increase in the number of directors or otherwise; · the ability of Tontine to designate three out of six of the members of our board of directors; · the inability of stockholders to fix the number of directors; and · the inability of stockholders to call special meetings. Our board of directors has the authority to cause us to issue, without any further vote or action by the stockholders, up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share, in one or more series, to designate the number of shares constituting any series, and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions thereof, including dividend rights, voting rights, rights and terms of redemption, redemption price or prices and liquidation preferences of such series. The issuance of shares of preferred stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our company without further action by the stockholders, even where stockholders are offered a premium for their shares. 25 Table of Contents SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Some of the statements made in this prospectus are forward-looking statements — that is, statements related to future, not past, events. These forward looking statements are based upon our current expectations and projections about future events and include any statement that does not directly relate to a current or historical fact. When used in this prospectus, the words “believe,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “estimate,” “expect,” “should,” “may,” “plan,” “will” and similar expressions, or the negative of such words and expressions, are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such words or expressions. The forward-looking statements in this prospectus are primarily located in the material set forth under the headings “Prospectus Summary,” “Risk Factors,” “Capitalization,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Business,” but are found in other locations as well. These forward-looking statements generally relate to our plans, objectives and expectations for future operations and are based upon management’s current estimates and projections of future results or trends. Although we believe that our plans and objectives reflected in or suggested by these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we may not achieve these plans or objectives. You should read this prospectus completely and with the understanding that actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. Except as required by law, we will not update forward-looking statements even though our situation may change in the future. Our forward-looking statements may include or relate to the following: · our plans to continue to grow our business through organic growth and integration of previous and future acquisitions; · our beliefs with respect to the sufficiency of our working capital and our plans to evaluate alternate sources of funding if necessary; · our ability to comply with loan covenants; · our expectations relating to construction of new facilities and expansion of existing facilities; · our plans with respect to the use of proceeds from financing activities; · our beliefs and expectations relating to the recent economic downturn and the potential impact it may have on our business, including our customers; · the anticipated benefits of our remediation efforts on the strength of our internal control processes and our plans with respect to future remediation efforts; and · our beliefs regarding the state of the wind energy market generally. You should not consider any list of such factors to be an exhaustive statement of all of the risks, uncertainties, or potentially inaccurate assumptions that could cause our current expectations or beliefs to change. USE OF PROCEEDS We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the securities by the selling stockholders. All proceeds from the sale of the securities offered by the selling stockholders under this prospectus will be for the account of the selling stockholders, as described below in the sections entitled “Selling Stockholders” and “Plan of Distribution.” With the exception of any brokerage fees and commissions which are the respective obligations of the selling stockholders, we are responsible for the fees, costs and expenses of this offering which includes our legal and accounting fees, printing costs and filing and other miscellaneous fees and expenses. 26 Table of Contents SELLING STOCKHOLDERS We are registering this offering under the terms of a registration rights agreement and subsequent amendments to the registration rights agreement between us and the selling stockholders. Such securities were issued by us in transactions that were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act to persons reasonably believed by us to be “accredited investors” as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act. We are registering these securities in order to permit the selling stockholders who purchased them from us to dispose of the shares of common stock, or interests therein, from time to time. The selling stockholders may sell all, some, or none of their shares in this offering. See “Plan of Distribution.” The table below lists the selling stockholders and other information regarding the beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock by each of the selling stockholders. Column A lists the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by each selling security holder as of May 11, 2009. Column B lists the shares of common stock covered by this prospectus that may be disposed of by each of the selling stockholders. Column C lists the number of shares of common stock that will be beneficially owned by the selling stockholders assuming all of the shares covered by this prospectus are sold. Column D lists the percentage of class beneficially owned, based on 96,546,782 shares of common stock outstanding on May 11, 2009. The selling stockholders may decide to sell all, some, or none of the securities listed below. We cannot provide you with any estimate of the number of securities that any of the selling stockholders will hold in the future. For purposes of this table, beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC, and includes voting power and investment power with respect to such securities. The inclusion of any securities in the following table does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership by the persons named below. Except as indicated below, no selling security holder is the beneficial owner of any additional shares of common stock or other equity securities issued by us or any securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, our equity securities. Except as indicated below, no selling security holder is a registered broker-dealer or an affiliate of a broker-dealer. Name Securities Beneficially Owned Prior to Offering (A) Securities Being Offered (B) Securities Beneficially Owned After Offering (C) Percent of Beneficial Ownership After Offering (D) Tontine Capital Partners, L.P. (1)(2) 19,431,022 19,431,022 Tontine Partners, L.P. (1)(3) 13,159,665 13,159,665 Tontine Capital Overseas Master Fund, L.P. (1)(4) 5,556,666 5,556,666 Tontine Overseas Fund, Ltd. (1)(5) 5,103,141 5,103,141 Tontine 25 Overseas Master Fund, L.P. (1)(6) 3,753,141 3,753,141 J. Cameron Drecoll (1)(7) 12,700,868 12,700,868 (1) Tontine and its affiliates have shared voting and dispositive powers with respect to the shares held by TCP, TP, TMF, TOF, and T25. See “Certain Transactions and Business Relationships” below for a description of the transactions in which Tontine acquired most of these shares. Tontine has voting control over additional shares of our common stock for certain matters, pursuant to the following proxy agreements: 27 Table of Contents a. The Founding Stockholders’ Proxy Agreements: In connection with a Securities Purchase Agreement among TCP and TMF, as buyers, and Raymond L. Brickner III, Christopher C. Allie, Daniel P. Wergin and Terence P. Fox, as sellers (together, the “Founding Stockholders”), which was entered into in March 2007, each of the Founding Stockholders entered into an irrevocable proxy agreement with TCP and TMF (the “Founding Stockholders’ Proxy Agreements”), whereby each Founding Stockholder appointed each of TCP or TMF and any other person appointed by those entities as a proxy with respect to any and all shares of our common stock then beneficially owned or subsequently acquired by such persons, including shares over which such persons have voting control as trustee or in any other capacity, with respect to the following matters: (i) ensuring that any future acquisitions by Tontine entities of up to 35% of our fully-diluted outstanding common stock will not be subject to anti-takeover provisions included in any of our organizational documents or the laws and regulations of any governmental authority; and (ii) electing directors for the purpose of enforcing the rights of TCP and TMF to appoint designees to our Board of Directors, which right was granted to TCP and TMF in a Securities Purchase Agreement dated March 1, 2007 among TCP, TMF and us (then known as Tower Tech Holdings Inc.) (the “March 2007 Agreement”). Pursuant to the Founding Stockholders’ Proxy Agreements, each of the Founding Stockholders also agreed in his capacity as a director on our Board of Directors to vote for the Board of Directors designees of TCP and TMF and to enforce the rights of those entities in connection with any future acquisitions by them of our common stock. The Founding Stockholders’ Proxy Agreements terminate automatically at such time as Tontine no longer has the right to acquire our common stock or appoint directors to our Board of Directors. b. The Brad Foote Proxy Agreement: In connection with our acquisition of Brad Foote and the appointment of J. Cameron Drecoll as our director and Chief Executive Officer, the former Brad Foote stockholders and Tontine entered into a proxy agreement, whereby Tontine agreed that, so long as the former Brad Foote stockholders collectively own at least 15% of our common stock, Tontine will vote its shares of our common stock for Mr. Drecoll in any election of directors to our Board of Directors. The former Brad Foote stockholders similarly agreed that, so long as Tontine and its affiliates have the right to appoint at least one director to our Board of Directors under either the March 2007 Agreement or the August 2007 Agreement (as defined below), the Brad Foote stockholders will vote their shares of our common stock in favor of the election of those individuals appointed by Tontine. We issued a total of 16,036,450 shares of our common stock to the former Brad Foote stockholders as consideration for the acquisition. Tontine entered into a Right of First Offer and Right of First Refusal Letter with the Company, Integritas Inc. and the Founding Stockholders and certain trusts controlled by the Founding Stockholders pursuant to which Tontine has the right to purchase additional shares of the Company’s common stock in certain instances. (2) Represents 19,431,022 shares held by TCP, as set forth in Tontine’s most recent Schedule 13D/A filing with the SEC on January 16, 2009. (3) Represents 13,159,665 shares held by TP, as set forth in Tontine’s most recent Schedule 13D/A filing with the SEC on January 16, 2009. (4) Represents 5,556,666 shares held by TMF, as set forth in Tontine’s most recent Schedule 13D/A filing with the SEC on January 16, 2009. (5) Represents 5,103,141 shares held by TOF, as set forth in Tontine’s most recent Schedule 13D/A filing with the SEC on January 16, 2009. (6) Represents 3,753,141 shares held by T25, as set forth in Tontine’s most recent Schedule 13D/A filing with the SEC on January 16, 2009. (7) Mr. Drecoll acquired his shares of our common stock, and was appointed as a director and Chief Executive Officer, in connection with our acquisition of Brad Foote. Mr. Drecoll has entered into a voting agreement with Tontine, the terms of which are described above in Footnote 1 to this table. Includes 1,980,000 shares 28 Table of Contents of Company common stock held by Mr. Drecoll in escrow as of May 11, 2009 and which is subject to forfeiture during the 18-month period following the date of the Stock Purchase Agreement for the acquisition of Brad Foote to satisfy claims arising as a result of a breach of any of the representations and warranties or covenants in such agreement. Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement among Brad Foote, the former owners of Brad Foote, including Mr. Drecoll and us, dated as of May 26, 2009, and as described in greater detail below under “Certain Transactions and Business Relationships,” all escrowed shares will be released to Mr. Drecoll. See “Certain Transactions and Business Relationships” and “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management” for descriptions of the nature of any position, office or other material relationship which the selling stockholders have had within the past three years with us or any of our predecessors or affiliates. DIVIDEND POLICY We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and have no current plan to do so in the foreseeable future. The declaration and payment of dividends on our common stock are subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors and are further limited by our existing credit agreements as described in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Specifically, certain of these credit agreements restrict the ability of our subsidiaries (which are the borrowers under such credit agreements) to distribute funds to Broadwind that might otherwise be used to pay dividends. The decision of our Board of Directors to pay future dividends will depend on general business conditions, the effect of a dividend payment on our financial condition, and other factors the Board of Directors may consider relevant. The current policy of our Board of Directors is to reinvest earnings in our operations to promote future growth and to fund potential acquisitions. 29 Table of Contents MARKET PRICE OF AND DIVIDENDS ON COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Prior to April 9, 2009, our common stock was quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol “BWEN.OB.” Our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on April 9, 2009 under the symbol “BWEN.” The most recent price for our common stock as of May 15, 2009 was $7.67. As of May 11, 2009, there were 71 holders of record of our common stock. The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low bid prices of our Common Stock traded on the OTC Bulletin Board for the quarterly periods ended March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, as well as for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2009. These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission, and may not represent actual transactions. The following table also sets forth the high and low sales prices of our Common Stock traded on The Nasdaq Global Select Market for the quarterly period through May 11, 2009. No dividends were paid on our Common Stock during the periods indicated. Common Stock High Low Year Ending December 31, 2009 First Quarter $ 5.45 $ 2.60 Second Quarter through May 11, 2009 $ 9.20 $ 4.05 Common Stock High Low Year Ended December 31, 2008 First Quarter $ 14.45 $ 8.45 Second Quarter $ 29.00 $ 8.40 Third Quarter $ 22.00 $ 8.41 Fourth Quarter $ 4.75 $ 4.25 Common Stock High Low Year Ended December 31, 2007 First Quarter $ 4.20 $ 1.76 Second Quarter $ 4.70 $ 3.27 Third Quarter $ 5.51 $ 4.15 Fourth Quarter $ 14.50 $ 5.22 30 Table of Contents SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA (in thousands, except per share data) The following tables set forth our summary consolidated financial data for the periods ended and as of the dates indicated below. We have derived the summary consolidated financial data as of and for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 from our audited consolidated financial statements incorporated by reference herein from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. We have derived the summary consolidated financial data as of and for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2009 and 2008 from our unaudited consolidated financial statements incorporated by reference herein from our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2009. The information set forth below should be read in conjunction with the “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements incorporated by reference in this prospectus. Three Months Ended March 31, 2009 2008 Selected Statement of Operations Data Revenues $ 53,062 $ 35,164 Cost of sales 48,377 27,154 Gross margin 4,685 8,010 Gross margin percentage 8.8 % 22.8 % Selling, general and administrative expenses 8,916 7,370 Intangible amortization 2,906 2,579 Operating loss (7,137 ) (1,939 ) Operating loss margin percentage -13.5 % -5.5 % Total other expense, net (449 ) (1,316 ) (Benefit) provision for income taxes (436 ) 188 Net loss $ (7,150 ) $ (3,443 ) Net loss per share - basic and diluted $ (0.07 ) $ (0.04 ) 31 Table of Contents As of March 31, 2009 Selected Balance Sheet Data Assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 6,333 Accounts receivable, net 25,821 Inventories, net 43,333 Total current assets 79,157 Property and equipment, net 147,197 Goodwill and intangibles, net 133,641 Total assets 360,269 Liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities $ 43,767 Total current liabilities 79,807 Total long-term debt, net of current maturities 18,651 Total liabilities. 104,445 Working capital (deficit) $ (650 ) Total stockholders’ equity $ 255,824 Three Months Ended March 31, 2009 2008 Selected Statement of Cash Flows Data Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities $ (301 ) $ 276 Net cash used in investing activities (6,719 ) (27,468 ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (1,900 ) 28,262 Proceeds from the issuance of common stock — 17,225 Capital expenditures 6,743 8,934 Cash paid for acquisitions, net of acquired cash — 18,534 32 Table of Contents For the Year Ended December 31, 2008 2007 2006 2005 (1) 2004 (1) Selected Statement of Operations Data Revenues $ 217,321 $ 29,804 $ 4,023 $ — $ — Cost of sales 183,951 25,865 4,822 — — Gross margin (deficit) 33,370 3,939 (799 ) — — Gross margin (deficit) percentage 15.4 % 13.2 % -19.9 % N/A N/A Selling, general and administrative expenses 41,545 5,724 1,501 8 7 Goodwill impairment (2) 2,409 — — — — Intangible amortization 11,159 1,750 21 — — Operating loss (21,743 ) (3,535 ) (2,321 ) (8 ) (7 ) Operating loss margin percentage -10.0 % -11.9 % -57.7 % N/A N/A Total other expense, net (2,480 ) (866 ) (414 ) — — Provision (benefit) for income taxes 1,062 (1,039 ) — — — Net loss $ (25,285 ) $ (3,362 ) $ (2,735 ) $ (8 ) $ (7 ) Net loss per share - basic and diluted $ (0.28 ) $ (0.07 ) $ (0.08 ) $ — $ — As of December 31, 2008 2007 2006 2005 (1) 2004 (1) Selected Balance Sheet Data Assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 15,253 $ 5,782 $ 125 $ — $ — Accounts receivable, net 36,709 13,541 161 — — Inventory 41,895 12,983 288 — — Total current assets 98,219 34,752 588 — — Property and equipment, net 144,707 58,890 2,799 — — Goodwill and intangibles, net 136,547 111,633 — — — Total assets 379,748 205,818 3,895 — — Liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities $ 50,611 $ 22,593 $ 3,149 $ 2 $ — Total current liabilities 85,742 62,449 8,402 48 40 Total long-term debt, net of current maturities 25,792 17,620 807 — — Total liabilities 117,592 81,282 9,209 48 40 Working capital (deficit) $ 12,477 $ (27,697 ) $ (7,814 ) $ (48 ) $ (40 ) Total stockholders’ equity (deficit) $ 262,156 $ 124,536 $ (5,314 ) $ (48 ) $ (40 ) For the Year Ended December 31, 2008 2007 2006 2005 (1) 2004 (1) Selected Statement of Cash Flows Data Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities $ (2,359 ) $ 521 $ (711 ) $ (6 ) $ (8 ) Net cash used in investing activities (106,696 ) (82,828 ) (408 ) — — Net cash provided by financing activities 118,526 87,964 1,078 — — Proceeds from the issuance of common stock 117,389 65,400 — — — Capital expenditures 83,720 5,854 408 — — Cash paid for acquisitions, net of acquired cash 23,016 76,474 — — — (1) During the period of January 1, 1997 to February 6, 2006, we had no active operations and was accounted for as a development stage enterprise in accordance with the provision of SFAS No. 7, Accounting and Reporting by Development Stage Enterprises (“SFAS 7”). 33 Table of Contents (2) During the year ended December 31, 2008, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $2,409 related to our Products segment. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for further discussion of the impairment. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Some of the statements made in this prospectus are forward-looking statements — that is, statements related to future, not past, events . These forward looking statements are based upon our current expectations and projections about future events and include any statement that does not directly relate to a current or historical fact. When used in this prospectus, the words “believe,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “estimate,” “expect,” “should,” “may,” “plan,” “will” and similar expressions, or the negative of such words and expressions, are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such words or expressions. The forward-looking statements in this prospectus are primarily located in the material set forth under the headings “Prospectus Summary,” “Risk Factors,” “Capitalization,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Business,” but are found in other locations as well. These forward-looking statements generally relate to our plans, objectives and expectations for future operations and are based upon management’s current estimates and projections of future results or trends. Although we believe that our plans and objectives reflected in or suggested by these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we may not achieve these plans or objectives. You should read this prospectus completely and with the understanding that actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. Except as required by law, we will not update forward-looking statements even though our situation may change in the future. (Dollars are presented in thousands unless otherwise stated) Introduction Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (“MD&A”) is intended to assist the reader in better understanding our business, results of operations, financial condition, changes in financial condition, critical accounting policies and estimates, and significant developments. MD&A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 and the accompanying notes thereto appearing elsewhere herein. This section is organized as follows: 34 Table of Contents · Our Business —an overview of our business, a discussion of current business and industry opportunities, challenges, and risks, and a discussion of significant developments affecting our business. · Results of Operations —an analysis and comparison of our consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 and the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2009 and 2008, as reflected in our consolidated statements of operations. · Summary of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates —a discussion of accounting policies and estimates that we believe require management’s most subjective or complex judgments. · Liquidity, Financial Position and Capital Resources —a discussion of our primary sources and uses of cash for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 and the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2009 and 2008, a discussion of selected changes in our financial position, and a summary of our future contractual obligations. Our Business Overview We are a supplier of value-added products and services to the North American wind energy sector as well as other energy-related industries. We provide our customers, such as leading wind turbine manufacturers and developers, wind farm operators and service companies, with a broad range of component and service offerings. Since 2006, we have made significant investments in the growth of our platform through a series of acquisitions. In doing so, we have developed a broad, U.S.-based supply chain for wind energy development in North America. Our five businesses are currently organized in two operating segments: Products and Services. Products The Products segment includes three subsidiaries that manufacture and sell products such as high precision gears for wind turbines, custom-engineered gearing systems for the mining, energy, and industrial sectors, structural wind towers, internal tower components, and large fabricated and machined components for the construction and mining industries. Specific services provided include key technology areas such as form grinding and finishing of gears and gear sets, steel plate processing, semi-automated heavy welding and custom corrosion protection of components. Our primary focus is on the wind energy industry; however, our Products segment also services mining, oil and gas, construction and other industrial energy applications. The Products segment has undergone a significant expansion in the last two years and reflects the operations of Tower Tech, RBA and Brad Foote. As of March 31, 2009, the segment had approximately 725 employees, and operated in Wisconsin, Texas, Illinois and Pennsylvania. Services The Services segment was established upon our acquisition of EMS in January 2008 and expanded with our acquisition of Badger in June 2008. This segment specializes in construction, operations and maintenance and component repair services for the wind industry as well as specialized heavy haul trucking services to installation sites. Services provided include construction and technical support in the erection of wind turbine generators, scheduled and un-scheduled maintenance, fiberglass inspections, general repair and training, and the transportation of oversize/overweight equipment and machinery. As of March 31, 2009, the segment had approximately 300 employees. Currently, the Services segment has service hub locations in South Dakota, Texas and Wisconsin and satellite field service centers in California and Illinois. 35 Table of Contents See Note 21 “Segment Reporting” of the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 for further discussion. Summary of Quarterly Period Ended March 31, 2009 During the first quarter of 2009, we continued to focus our efforts on maintaining adequate liquidity, which included amending certain credit agreements to extend the maturity dates of these agreements and entering into additional financing arrangements to increase cash balances for operating activities. We also continued our efforts to improve upon our internal control environment, specifically to correct deficiencies and weaknesses that were previously identified and to improve operational effectiveness throughout the organization. In addition, we continued to be affected by the current economic downturn and the associated effects of the disruptions in the credit markets. As a result, we expect to see a continuing economic slowdown in the wind and energy related industries for the foreseeable future as wind turbine manufacturers, wind farm operators and service providers have scaled back existing manufacturing orders and have delayed new projects and service arrangements. The following is a summary of recent key events for us: · In January, Tower Tech completed the construction of its new wind tower manufacturing facility located in Abilene, Texas. · In February, federal economic recovery legislation was passed by Congress and signed into law by President Obama. Within this legislation, significant provisions to benefit the renewable energy industry were included, such as: grant programs provided through the Treasury Department to renewable energy developers; the extension of the wind energy production tax credits; loan guarantee programs provided through the Energy Department for renewable energy developers and manufacturers; and tax credits for advanced energy manufacturers. · In March, Brad Foote, Tower Tech and RBA amended certain credit and loan agreements. The amendments to these credit and loan agreements established new financial covenants and extended the maturity dates of these agreements. See Note 7 “Debt and Credit Agreements” in the notes to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2009 for further discussion of these matters. · In March, we announced the appointment of William T. Fejes, Jr. to our Board of Directors, replacing William M. Barrett, who resigned from his position on the Board in February 2009. Mr. Fejes was also appointed to the Board’s Audit Committee and will serve as Chairman of the Board’s Governance/Nominating Committee. · In April, the Company announced that shares of its common stock have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. Shares of our common stock, which were previously listed and traded on the OTC Bulletin Board, began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on April 9, 2009 under the same “BWEN” ticker symbol. · In April, we announced that Tower Tech obtained construction financing from Great Western Bank in the amount of up to $10,000 (the “GWB Loan”). Proceeds from the GWB Loan will be used to complete construction of Tower Tech’s wind tower manufacturing facility in Brandon, South Dakota. · On May 1, we announced that Stephen E. Graham was appointed as our Interim Chief Financial Officer (and principal financial and accounting officer). Mr. Graham replaced Matthew J. Gadow, who resigned from his positions as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer on April 30. 36 Table of Contents Summary of 2008 Below is a summary of some of the key events and trends from 2008: · We established our Services segment through the acquisition of EMS, which was completed in January 2008, and Badger, which was completed in June 2008. The acquisition of EMS enabled us to provide construction, operations and maintenance and component repair services for the wind industry, and the acquisition of Badger enabled us to provide transportation and logistical services for the delivery of wind turbines, towers, blades and other oversized equipment for large industrial applications. These acquisitions support our development of a broad U.S.-based supply chain for wind energy development in North America. · We made significant capital expenditures in our existing and newly acquired subsidiaries during the year ended December 31, 2008, in the aggregate amount of $83,720. These capital expenditures primarily consisted of the construction of Tower Tech’s tower manufacturing facility in Abilene, Texas and the partial construction of its tower manufacturing facility in Brandon, South Dakota, as well as the build-out of additional facility capacity and gearing equipment expenditures at our Brad Foote subsidiary. In addition, we invested in new trailer and escort vehicles at its Badger subsidiary and expenditures at its EMS subsidiary related to purchases of equipment and service vehicles, purchase of a previously leased facility, and construction of a new servicing facility. · We appointed new senior management to existing positions and created new leadership positions, including: Chief Operating Officer; Chief Financial Officer; Senior Vice President, Human Resources; General Counsel; Controller; and Director of Compliance; as well as corporate-level operations oversight positions at our subsidiary companies. · We committed significant resources during 2008 to enhance the control environment within the Company. An assessment of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal controls as of the end of the 2008 fiscal year is included in Item 9A Controls and Procedures of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. · A significant portion of the cash used to fund our acquisitions, working capital needs and operations described above was received through financing provided by Tontine parties pursuant to Securities Purchase Agreements entered into between us and certain Tontine parties in January 2008 and April 2008. Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreements, the Tontine parties purchased an aggregate of 14,594,064 unregistered shares of our common stock in private placements, for an aggregate purchase price of $117,225. Also, in April 2008, certain Tontine parties converted the original notional amount of their respective 9.5% related party notes for an aggregate of 3,333,332 in shares of our unregistered common stock. In connection with the conversion, accrued interest of $1,223 on the notes was paid by us to such Tontine parties. On November 10, 2008, Tontine filed a Schedule 13D with the SEC in which it announced its intention to explore alternatives for the disposition its equity interest in the Company. Tontine has previously been the primary source of capital for acquisitions and expansion projects for us, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in securing a replacement source of equity capital to continue our growth and acquisition plans. · Our operating results and business strategy, particularly in the fourth quarter of 2008, were affected by the downturn in the economy and the effects of the disruptions in the global credit markets and financial systems and the corresponding effect on the wind industry and global heavy manufacturing industry. These conditions limited our ability to further expand upon our growth and operating strategy and restricted our ability to raise additional financing for our operations. In light of these challenges, we changed our immediate business and operating focus from rapidly growing the Company through strategic acquisitions and increased capital expenditures to concentrating on achieving operational excellence within our existing businesses, evaluating and restructuring our 37 Table of Contents financing arrangements, and focusing our efforts on maintaining adequate levels of liquidity and working capital. Revenues during the year ended December 31, 2008 were $217,321, an increase of $187,517 compared to revenues of $29,804 during the year ended December 31, 2007. The increase in revenues was primarily attributable to full year operating results, and incremental growth at Brad Foote, increased wind tower revenues at Tower Tech, and the incremental revenues resulting from our acquisitions of EMS and Badger during 2008. Gross margin increased $29,431 from $3,939, or 13.2% of revenue, during the year ended December 31, 2007, to $33,370, or 15.4% of revenue, during the year ended December 31, 2008. The increase in gross margin and gross margin percentage was primarily the result of an overall increase in revenues in our operating segments and attributable to the inclusion of gross margin contributed by our newly-created Services segment in 2008. Operating loss increased from $3,535 during the year ended December 31, 2007 to $21,743 during the year ended December 31, 2008, primarily as a result of an increase in amortization expense, full year selling, general and administrative expenses at Brad Foote, and an increase in corporate general and administrative expenses. Quarterly Financial Information The following table provides a summary of selected financial results of operations by quarter for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 and the quarter ended March 31, 2009 as follows: Quarter Ended March 31, 2009 March 31, 2008 June 30, 2008 September 30, 2008 December 31, 2008 March 31, 2007 June 30, 2007 September 30, 2007 December 31, 2007 Revenues $ 53,062 $ 35,164 $ 40,830 $ 63,688 $ 77,639 $ 2,219 $ 2,643 $ 3,123 $ 21,819 Gross profit 4,685 8,010 10,091 8,982 6,287 697 1,116 1,284 842 Operating income (loss) (7,137 ) (1,939 ) (1,642 ) (6,060 ) (12,102 ) 236 365 590 (4,726 ) Net income (loss) $ (7,150 ) (3,443 ) (1,973 ) (7,499 ) (12,370 ) 181 479 683 (4,705 ) Net income (loss) per share: Basic and Diluted $ (0.07 ) $ (0.04 ) $ (0.02 ) $ (0.08 ) $ (0.14 ) $ 0.00 $ 0.01 $ 0.01 $ (0.07 ) 38 Table of Contents Results of Operations Three Months Ended March 31, 2009, Compared to Three Months Ended March 31, 2008 The summary of selected financial data table below should be referenced in connection with a review of the following discussion of our results of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2009 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2008. Three Months Ended March 31, 2009 vs. 2008 2009 % of Total Revenue 2008 % of Total Revenue $ Change % Change Revenues $ 53,062 100.0 % $ 35,164 100.0 % $ 17,898 50.9 % Cost of sales 48,377 91.2 % 27,154 77.2 % 21,223 78.2 % Gross margin 4,685 8.8 % 8,010 22.8 % (3,325 ) -41.5 % Operating expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses 8,916 16.8 % 7,370 21.0 % 1,546 21.0 % Intangible amortization 2,906 5.5 % 2,579 7.3 % 327 12.7 % Total operating expenses 11,822 22.3 % 9,949 28.3 % 1,873 18.8 % Operating loss (7,137 ) -13.5 % (1,939 ) -5.5 % (5,198 ) 268.1 % Other income (expense) Interest income 11 0.0 % 120 0.3 % (109 ) -90.8 % Interest expense (553 ) -1.0 % (1,337 ) -3.8 % 784 -58.6 % Other, net 93 0.2 % (99 ) -0.3 % 192 -193.9 % Other expense, net (449 ) -0.8 % (1,316 ) -3.8 % 867 -65.9 % Net loss before (benefit) provision for income taxes (7,586 ) -14.3 % (3,255 ) -9.3 % (4,331 ) 133.1 % (Benefit) provision for income taxes (436 ) -0.8 % 188 0.5 % (624 ) 331.9 % Net loss $ (7,150 ) -13.5 % $ (3,443 ) -9.8 % $ (3,707 ) 107.7 % The following tables present our results of operations by reportable segments for the three months ended March 31, 2009: Three Months Ended March 31, 2009 Products (1) Services (2) Corporate and Other (3) Total Revenues $ 43,134 $ 10,229 $ (301 ) $ 53,062 Cost of sales 40,690 7,843 (156 ) 48,377 Gross margin 2,444 2,386 (145 ) 4,685 Operating expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses 4,228 2,453 2,235 8,916 Intangible amortization 2,046 860 — 2,906 Total operating expenses 6,274 3,313 2,235 11,822 Operating loss (3,830 ) (927 ) (2,380 ) (7,137 ) Other income (expense), net (1,205 ) (191 ) 947 (449 ) Net loss before provision (benefit) for income taxes (5,035 ) (1,118 ) (1,433 ) (7,586 ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes 149 (200 ) (385 ) (436 ) Net loss $ (5,184 ) $ (918 ) $ (1,048 ) $ (7,150 ) (1) For the three months ended March 31, 2009, the “Products” segment includes the results of operations of our Tower Tech, RBA and Brad Foote subsidiaries. (2) For the three months ended March 31, 2009, the “Services” segment includes the results of operations of our EMS and Badger subsidiaries. (3) “Corporate and Other” includes corporate selling, general and administrative expenses and intercompany eliminations. Corporate selling, general and administrative expenses includes corporate salaries and benefits, share-based compensation and professional fees. 39 Table of Contents The following tables present our results of operations by reportable segments for the three months ended March 31, 2008: Three Months Ended March 31, 2008 Products (1) Services (2) Corporate and Other (3) Total Revenues $ 30,248 $ 4,916 $ — $ 35,164 Cost of sales 24,520 2,634 — 27,154 Gross margin 5,728 2,282 — 8,010 Operating expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses 2,945 2,120 2,305 7,370 Intangible amortization 2,046 533 — 2,579 Total operating expenses 4,991 2,653 2,305 9,949 Operating income (loss) 737 (371 ) (2,305 ) (1,939 ) Other (expense) income, net (874 ) 54 (496 ) (1,316 ) Net loss before provision for income taxes (137 ) (317 ) (2,801 ) (3,255 ) Provision for income taxes — — 188 188 Net loss $ (137 ) $ (317 ) $ (2,989 ) $ (3,443 ) (1) For the three months ended March 31, 2008, the “Products” segment includes the results of operations of our Tower Tech, RBA and Brad Foote subsidiaries. (2) For the three months ended March 31, 2008, the “Services” segment includes the results of operations of our EMS subsidiary for the period of January 16, 2008 through March 31, 2008. EMS was acquired by the Company on January 16, 2008. (3) “Corporate and Other” includes corporate selling, general and administrative expenses and intercompany eliminations. Corporate selling, general and administrative expenses includes corporate salaries and benefits, share-based compensation and professional fees. Revenues Total revenues increased $17,898, or 51% from $35,164 during the three months ended March 31, 2008, to $53,062 during the three months ended March 31, 2009. Products segment revenues increased $12,886 from $30,248 during the three months ended March 31, 2008, to $43,134 during the three months ended March 31, 2009. The increase in revenues within our Products segment is primarily attributable to the inclusion of materials in the selling price of certain of our products. Production volumes were comparable to the prior period as an increase in production volume at our new wind tower manufacturing facility in Abilene, Texas was partially offset by a decline in production volume at our Manitowoc, Wisconsin facility resulting from start-up delays related to a new wind tower manufacturing contract. Services segment revenues increased $5,313 from $4,916 during the three months ended March 31, 2008, to $10,229 during the three months ended March 31, 2009. The increase in revenues within our Services segment is primarily attributable to an increase in volume capacity related to entering into and completing short-term service contracts during the first quarter, as well as the inclusion of revenues from Badger, which we acquired in June 2008. Cost of Sales Total cost of sales increased $21,223 from $27,154 during the three months ended March 31, 2008, to $48,377 during the three months ended March 31, 2009. 40 Table of Contents Products segment cost of sales increased from $24,520 during the three months ended March 31, 2008, to $40,690 during the three months ended March 31, 2009. The increase in cost of sales within our Products segment is primarily attributable to the cost of materials purchased as part of the selling price of certain products, start up costs related to a new manufacturing contract and higher manufacturing overhead costs resulting from the start-up of operations at our wind tower manufacturing facility in Abilene, Texas. In addition, during the three months ended March 31, 2009, we recorded a $930 inventory reserve provision for scrap and obsolete materials. Services segment cost of sales increased from $2,634 during the three months ended March 31, 2008, to $7,843 during the three months ended March 31, 2009. The increase in cost of sales within our Services segment is primarily attributable to the inclusion of cost of sales related to Badger and cost of sales associated with volume increases at EMS. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses increased from $7,370 during the three months ended March 31, 2008, to $8,916 during the three months ended March 31, 2009. The increase was primarily attributable to the inclusion of Badger, higher professional fees incurred in connection with amending our credit facility agreements and higher share-based compensation expense. In addition, we incurred certain selling, general and administrative expense associated with the start-up operations at the Abilene, Texas facility. As a percentage of revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased from 21.0% during the three months ended March 31, 2008, to 16.8% during the three months ended March 31, 2009, as the Company continued to reduce one-time expenses associated with the integration of our acquisitions completed during 2007 and 2008 and professional and audit related fees associated with compliance initiatives related to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and other public reporting obligations. Intangible Amortization Intangible amortization expense increased from $2,579 during the three months ended March 31, 2008, to $2,906 during the three months ended March 31, 2009. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in intangible amortization expense related to customer relationships and trade name intangibles resulting from the acquisitions of EMS and Badger, which we acquired during January 2008 and June 2008, respectively. Other Expense, net Other expense, net decreased from $1,316 during the three months ended March 31, 2008, to $449 during the three months ended March 31, 2009. The decrease was primarily attributable to higher interest expense in the prior year as a result of a $25,000 senior subordinated convertible promissory note issued during the fourth quarter of 2007. This note was subsequently converted into shares of our common stock in April 2008. Additionally, during the three months ended March 31, 2008, we recorded an unrealized loss on its interest rate swap agreement of $230 compared to an unrealized gain of $85 during the three months ended March 31, 2009. See Note 8 “Interest Rate Swap Agreements” of the notes to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 for further discussion of the Company’s swap agreements. Provision for Income Taxes During the three months ended March 31, 2009, we reported a benefit for income taxes of $436 compared to a provision for income taxes of $188 during the three months ended March 31, 2008. The decrease in income tax was attributable to a decrease in state income taxes and deferred state tax liabilities resulting from a favorable change in the state of Wisconsin’s method of calculating state income on a prospective basis. Net Loss Net loss increased from $3,443 during the three months ended March 31, 2008, to $7,150 during the three months ended March 31, 2009, primarily as a result of the factors as described above. 41 Table of Contents Year Ended December 31, 2008 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2007 The summary of selected financial data table below should be referenced in connection with a review of the following discussion of our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2008 compared to the year ended December 31, 2007. For the Year Ended December 31, % of % of 2008 vs. 2007 Total Total % 2008 Revenue 2007 Revenue $ Change Change Revenues $ 217,321 100.0 % $ 29,804 100.0 % $ 187,517 629.2 % Cost of sales 183,951 84.6 % 25,865 86.8 % 158,086 611.2 % Gross margin 33,370 15.4 % 3,939 13.2 % 29,431 747.2 % Operating expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses 41,545 19.1 % 5,724 19.2 % 35,821 625.8 % Goodwill impairment 2,409 1.1 % — 0.0 % 2,409 100.0 % Intangible amortization 11,159 5.2 % 1,750 5.9 % 9,409 537.7 % Total operating expenses 55,113 25.4 % 7,474 25.1 % 47,639 637.4 % Operating loss (21,743 ) (10.0 )% (3,535 ) (11.9 )% (18,208 ) 515.1 % Other income (expense) Interest income 584 0.3 % 400 1.3 % 184 46.0 % Interest expense (2,860 ) (1.3 )% (1,239 ) (4.1 )% (1,621 ) 130.8 % Other, net (204 ) (0.1 )% (27 ) (0.1 )% (177 ) 655.6 % Other expense, net (2,480 ) (1.1 )% (866 ) (2.9 )% (1,614 ) 186.4 % Net loss before provision for income taxes (24,223 ) (11.1 )% (4,401 ) (14.8 )% (19,822 ) 450.4 % Provision (benefit) for income taxes 1,062 0.5 % (1,039 ) (3.5 )% 2,101 202.2 % Net loss $ (25,285 ) (11.6 )% $ (3,362 ) (11.3 )% $ (21,923 ) 652.1 % The following table presents our results of operations by reportable segment for the year ended December 31, 2008, as follows: For the Year Ended December 31, 2008 Products(1) Services(1) Corporate and Other(2) Total Revenues $ 177,114 $ 41,502 $ (1,295 ) $ 217,321 Cost of sales 153,782 30,622 (453 ) 183,951 Gross margin (deficit) 23,332 10,880 (842 ) 33,370 Operating expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses 14,369 10,507 16,669 41,545 Goodwill impairment 2,409 — — 2,409 Intangible amortization 8,184 2,975 — 11,159 Total operating expenses 24,962 13,482 16,669 55,113 Operating income (loss) (1,630 ) (2,602 ) (17,511 ) (21,743 ) Other (expense) income, net (4,181 ) (670 ) 2,371 (2,480 ) Net loss before provision for income taxes (5,811 ) (3,272 ) (15,140 ) (24,223 ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes 1,932 (74 ) (796 ) 1,062 Net loss $ (7,743 ) $ (3,198 ) $ (14,344 ) $ (25,285 ) 42 Table of Contents (1) Our reportable segments have been revised as compared to the reportable segments filed in our 2007 Annual Report on Form 10-KSB to reflect changes in the management reporting structure of the organization as a result of the acquisitions completed during 2008. The revised operating structure includes two reportable segments: “Products” (formerly included in the “Towers and Fabrication” and “Gearing Systems” segments) and “Services.” “Services” is a new operating segment to account for our acquisitions during 2008 of EMS and Badger, which provide construction support and maintenance and heavy-haul trucking services, respectively. (2) “Corporate and Other” includes corporate administrative expenses and intercompany eliminations. Corporate selling, general and administrative expenses includes corporate salaries and benefits, share-based compensation, and professional fees. Revenues Revenues increased $187,517 from $29,804 during the year ended December 31, 2007 compared to revenues of $217,321 during the year ended December 31, 2008. The increase in revenues is primarily attributable to full year operating results at Brad Foote, as well as incremental Brad Foote gear production volume growth during the fourth quarter of 2008 versus the fourth quarter of 2007. Tower Tech experienced an increase in wind tower revenues due to volume increases and the inclusion of materials in the selling price of wind towers during the second half of 2008 as part of providing continued value-added services for customers, prior to which Tower Tech had substantively provided only labor and facility services to manufacture wind towers. In addition, revenues increased due to our acquisitions of EMS and Badger in January 2008 and June 2008, respectively. Cost of Sales Cost of sales increased $158,086 from $25,865 during the year ended December 31, 2007 compared to cost of sales of $183,951 during the year ended December 31, 2008. The increase in cost of sales is primarily attributable to full year operating results at Brad Foote, higher cost of sales at Tower Tech related to volume increases and the inclusion of materials in the cost of wind towers during the second half of 2008. We also incurred significant start-up overhead costs during the fourth quarter of 2008 associated with the hiring and training of employees and facility commissioning of the Abilene, Texas wind tower manufacturing location. In addition, cost of sales increased due to the cost of sales associated with our acquisitions of EMS and Badger in January 2008 and June 2008, respectively. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses increased from $5,724 during the year ended December 31, 2007 to $41,545 during the year ended December 31, 2008. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses is primarily attributable to an increase in corporate salary and benefits, professional fees to assist with the administrative functions and reporting associated with being a public company, and share based compensation, as compared to the previous year. We incurred significant administrative and third party support and consulting costs during 2008 to integrate the four acquisitions completed between October 2007 and June 2008. These acquisitions were previously privately-held businesses and required substantial expense during the year to integrate them into a publicly-held company and meet the respective public company reporting requirements. Tower Tech incurred an increase in selling, general and administrative expenses as a result of start-up costs relating to new wind tower manufacturing facilities being constructed in 2008. Additionally, selling, general and administrative expenses increased due to full year administrative expenses at Brad Foote and administrative expenses as a result of our acquisitions of EMS and Badger during 2008. 43 Table of Contents Goodwill Impairment During 2008, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $2,409 to our Products segment. During the fourth quarter of 2008, we performed our annual impairment test, our analysis indicated that the goodwill attributable to our RBA subsidiary was impaired as a result of projected discounted cash flows from RBA’s results of operations did not exceed the carrying value of its net assets. Intangible Amortization Intangible amortization increased from $1,750 during the year ended December 31, 2007 to $11,159 during the year ended December 31, 2008. The increase in intangible amortization is primarily attributable to higher amortization expense of customer relationship intangibles as a result of our acquisitions of Brad Foote and EMS. Other Expense, net Other expense, net increased from $866 during the year ended December 31, 2007 to $2,480 during the year ended December 31, 2008. The increase in other expense, net is primarily due to higher interest expense on outstanding debt at Brad Foote and interest expense incurred during the first quarter of 2008 with respect to a related party note payable. Provision for Income Taxes We recorded a provision for income taxes of $1,062 during the year ended December 31, 2008 as compared to a benefit for income taxes of $1,039 during the year ended December 31, 2007. The increase in income tax expense is primarily attributable to higher state income taxes and temporary timing differences related to our indefinite-lived intangibles. Net Loss Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2008 was $25,285, an increase of $21,923 compared to a net loss of $3,362 during the year ended December 31, 2007, as a result of the factors as described above. Year Ended December 31, 2007 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2006 The summary of selected financial data table below should be referenced in connection with a review of the following discussion of our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2007 compared to the year ended December 31, 2006. For the Year Ended December 31, % of % of Total Total 2007 vs. 2006 2007 Revenue 2006 Revenue $ Change % Change Revenues $ 29,804 100.0 % $ 4,023 100.0 % $ 25,781 640.8 % Cost of sales 25,865 86.8 % 4,822 119.9 % 21,043 436.4 % Gross margin (deficit) 3,939 13.2 % (799 ) (19.9 )% 4,738 593.0 % Operating expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses 5,724 19.2 % 1,501 37.3 % 4,223 281.3 % Intangible amortization 1,750 5.9 % 21 0.5 % 1,729 8233.3 % Total operating expenses 7,474 25.1 % 1,522 37.8 % 5,952 391.1 % Operating loss (3,535 ) (11.9 )% (2,321 ) (57.7 )% (1,214 ) 52.3 % Other income (expense) Interest income 400 1.3 % — 0.0 % 400 100.0 % Interest expense (1,239 ) (4.1 )% (411 ) (10.2 )% (828 ) 201.5 % Other, net (27 ) (0.1 )% (3 ) (0.1 )% (24 ) 800.0 % Other expense, net (866 ) (2.9 )% (414 ) (10.3 )% (452 ) 109.2 % Net loss before benefit for income taxes (4,401 ) (14.8 )% (2,735 ) (68.0 )% (1,666 ) 60.9 % Benefit for income taxes (1,039 ) (3.5 )% — 0.0 % (1,039 ) 100.0 % Net loss $ (3,362 ) (11.3 )% $ (2,735 ) (68.0 )% $ (627 ) 22.9 % 44 Table of Contents The following table presents our results of operations by reportable segment for the year ended December 31, 2007, as follows: For the Year Ended December 31, 2007 Products(1) Services(1) Corporate and Other(2) Total Revenues $ 29,804 $ — $ — $ 29,804 Cost of sales 25,865 — — 25,865 Gross margin 3,939 — — 3,939 Operating expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses 5,406 — 318 5,724 Intangible amortization 1,750 — — 1,750 Total operating expenses 7,156 — 318 7,474 Operating loss (3,217 ) — (318 ) (3,535 ) Other expense, net (378 ) — (488 ) (866 ) Net loss before provision for income taxes (3,595 ) — (806 ) (4,401 ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes 103 — (1,142 ) (1,039 ) Net loss $ (3,698 ) $ — $ 336 $ (3,362 ) (1) During 2008, management changed our reportable segments as compared to the reportable segments filed in our 2007 Annual Report on Form 10-KSB to reflect changes in the management reporting structure of the organization as a result of the acquisitions completed during 2008. The revised operating structure includes two reportable segments: “Products” (formerly included in the “Towers and Fabrication” and “Gearing Systems” segments) and “Services.” “Services” is a new operating segment to account for our acquisitions during 2008 of EMS and Badger, which provide construction support and maintenance and heavy haul trucking services, respectively. (2) “Corporate and Other” includes corporate administrative expenses and intercompany eliminations. Corporate selling, general and administrative expenses includes corporate salaries and benefits, share-based compensation and professional fees. Revenues Revenues increased $25,781, or 641%, from $4,023 during the year ended December 31, 2006 compared to revenues of $29,804 during the year ended December 31, 2007. The increase in revenues is primarily attributable to our acquisition of Brad Foote in October 2007 along with an increase in revenues at Tower Tech resulting from higher production volumes during 2007. 45 Table of Contents Cost of Sales Cost of sales increased $21,043, or 436%, from $4,822 during the year ended December 31, 2006 to $25,865 during the year ended December 31, 2007. The increase in cost of sales is primarily attributable to our acquisition of Brad Foote along with the increase in cost of sales at Tower Tech as a result of higher production volumes during 2007. Selling, General and Administrative Expense Selling, general and administrative expense increased $4,223, or 281%, from $1,501 during the year ended December 31, 2006 to $5,724 during the year ended December 31, 2007, primarily as a result of the inclusion of selling, general and administrative expenses associated with the acquisition of Brad Foote in October 2007, an increase in legal and accounting expenses related to the costs associated with being a public company, and higher payroll and benefits expenses due to the addition of senior management and the hiring of administrative employees during 2007. As a percentage of revenues, selling, general and administrative expense decreased from 37.3% during the year ended December 31, 2006 compared to 19.2% during the year ended December 31, 2007. Intangible Amortization Intangible amortization increased from $21 during the year ended December 31, 2006 to $1,750 during the year ended December 31, 2007, primarily as a result of intangible amortization as a result of our acquisitions of RBA and Brad Foote in October 2007. Other Expense, net The increase in other expense, net is primarily attributable to interest expense due to the increase in notes payable, capital leases and other debt primarily related to the Brad Foote acquisition in 2007. Benefit for Income Taxes During the year ended December 31, 2007, we recorded an income tax benefit of $1,039 compared to zero for the year ended December 31, 2006. The income tax benefit was primarily attributable to an increase in federal and state deferred tax assets associated with the acquisition of RBA in October 2007. Our consolidated effective income tax rate was (23.6)% for the year ended December 31, 2007, as compared to 0.0% for the comparable prior-year period. Net Loss Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2007 was $3,362, an increase of $627, or 23%, compared to a net loss of $2,735 during the year ended December 31, 2006, as a result of the factors described above. Summary of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The methods, estimates and judgments that we use in applying our critical accounting policies have a significant impact on the results that we report in our financial statements. Some of our accounting policies require us to make difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates regarding matters that are inherently uncertain. We also have other policies that we consider key accounting policies, such as those for revenue recognition, including the deferral of revenue on sales to distributors; however, these policies typically do not require us to make estimates or judgments that are difficult or subjective. We have identified the accounting policies and estimates listed below as those that we believe require management’s most subjective and complex judgments in estimating the effect of inherent uncertainties. This section should also be read in conjunction with Note 2 “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” of the notes to 46 Table of Contents our consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, which includes a discussion of these and other significant accounting policies. Revenue Recognition We recognize revenue when the earnings process is complete and when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, transfer of title has occurred or services have been rendered, the selling price is fixed or determinable, collectability is reasonably assured, and delivery has occurred per the terms of the contract. Customer deposits and other receipts are deferred and recognized when the revenue is realized and earned. In some instances, products are sold under terms included in bill and hold sales arrangements that result in different timing for revenue recognition. Assuming all other revenue criteria are met, revenue is recognized upon completion of product manufacture and customer acceptance certificate. We have reviewed SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104 (“SAB 104”) and concludes that its revenue recognition policy to be in compliance with SAB 104. Warranty Liability Within our Products segment, we provide warranty terms that generally range from two to seven years for various products relating to workmanship and materials supplied by us. From time to time, customers may submit warranty claims against us. In certain contracts, we have recourse provisions for items that would enable recovery from third parties for amounts paid to customers under warranty provisions. As of March 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, our estimated product warranty liability was $1,197 and $890, respectively, and is recorded within accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Any excess of cost over market value is included in our inventory allowance. Market value of inventory, and management’s judgment of the need for reserves, encompasses consideration of other business factors including physical condition, inventory holding period, contract terms, and usefulness. Inventories are valued based on an average cost method that approximates the first-in, first-out (FIFO) basis. Inventories consist of raw materials, work-in-process, and finished goods. Raw materials consist of components and parts for general production use. Work-in-process consists of labor and overhead, processing costs, purchased subcomponents, and materials purchased for specific customer orders. Finished goods consist of components purchased from third parties as well as components manufactured by us that will be used to produce final customer products. The Company maintains an inventory reserve at certain subsidiaries for scrap and obsolete materials. This reserve is based on a number of factors, which include product scrap and obsolescence history, physical inventory levels, customer production orders and other relevant criteria. In conjunction with the previously disclosed material weakness identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, and beginning in the first quarter of 2009, our Brad Foote subsidiary performs a physical inventory count on a quarterly basis to validate the inventory and the adequacy of its inventory reserve. Goodwill and Intangible Assets Goodwill represents the excess of cost over fair market value of identifiable net assets acquired through business purchases. In accordance with SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets (“SFAS 142”), we perform our annual goodwill impairment test during the fourth quarter of each year, or more frequently when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of our assets may not be recovered. We test intangible assets for 47 Table of Contents impairment when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of our assets may not be recovered. In evaluating the recoverability of the carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets, we must make assumptions regarding the fair value of our reporting units, as defined under SFAS 142. Our method of determining the fair value was based upon our estimate of the projected future discounted cash flows of our reporting units. If our fair value estimates or related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to record additional impairment charges related to goodwill and intangible assets. We perform our annual impairment test of goodwill as of October 31 of each year. During the fourth quarter of 2008, we determined that there was impairment to goodwill at our RBA subsidiary. Our goodwill impairment results indicated that projected future discounted cash flows related to RBA’s results of operations were less than the carrying value of RBA’s net assets. As a result, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $2,409 during the fourth quarter to our Products segment. If our fair value estimates or related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to record additional impairment charges related to our goodwill and intangible assets. The Company may also be required to perform additional goodwill and impairment testing based on certain circumstances or other triggering events that may arise. Such circumstances or triggering events may include, among others: a significant decline in the Company’s common stock price; a significant adverse change in legal factors or in a business climate; continued operating losses; an adverse action or assessment by a regulator; unanticipated competition or the entrance of new competitors; and a loss of key personnel. Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Based upon past experience and judgment, we establish a general and specific reserve allowance for doubtful accounts with respect to account receivables. Our general reserve methodology considers a number of factors that, based on our collections experience, we believe have an impact on our credit risk and the realizability of our accounts receivable. These factors include individual customer circumstances, history with the Company, and other relevant criteria. Our specific reserve methodology considers accounts receivable balances that are past due and based upon that particular customer’s payment history and circumstances. We monitor our collections and write-off experience to assess whether or not adjustments to our allowance percentage estimates are necessary. Changes in trends in any of the factors that we believe impact the realizability of our accounts receivable, as noted above, or modifications to our credit standards, collection practices and other related policies may impact our allowance for doubtful accounts and our financial results. Share-Based Compensation On January 1, 2006, we adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 123 (revised), Share-Based Payment (“SFAS 123R”) on a modified prospective basis. SFAS 123R requires that all share-based payments to employees and non-employee directors, including grants of stock options and shares of non-vested stock, be recognized in the financial statements based on the estimated fair value of the equity or liability instruments issued. Under the provisions of SFAS 123R, stock-based compensation cost is measured on the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized ratably as expense over the vesting period. Determining the fair value of stock-based awards at the grant date requires considerable judgment, including estimating expected volatility, expected term and risk-free rate. If factors change and we employ different assumptions, share-based compensation expense may differ significantly from what we have recorded in the past. Long-Lived Assets In accordance with SFAS No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets (“SFAS 144”), we review property and equipment and other long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that carrying amounts may not be recoverable. If such events or changes in circumstances occur, we will recognize an impairment loss if the undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the 48 Table of Contents asset are less than the carrying value of the related asset. The impairment loss would adjust the asset to its fair value. In evaluating the recoverability of long-lived assets, we must make assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows and other factors to determine the fair value of such assets. If our fair value estimates or related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to record impairment charges related to property and equipment and long-lived assets. Income Taxes We account for income taxes in accordance with SFAS No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes (“SFAS 109”). SFAS 109 requires the recognition of deferred income tax assets and liabilities based upon the income tax consequences of temporary differences between financial reporting and income tax reporting by applying enacted statutory income tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of existing assets and liabilities. SFAS 109 also requires that deferred income tax assets be reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred income tax asset will not be realized. In connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate our income tax liability for each of the tax jurisdictions in which we operate. This process involves estimating our actual current income tax expense and assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of certain income or expense items for income tax reporting and financial reporting purposes. We also recognize as deferred income tax assets the expected future income tax benefits of net operating loss carry forwards. In evaluating the realizability of deferred income tax assets associated with net operating loss carry forwards, we consider, among other things, expected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary reporting differences, and the expected impact of tax planning strategies that may be implemented to prevent the potential loss of future income tax benefits. Changes in, among other things, income tax legislation, statutory income tax rates, or future taxable income levels could materially impact our valuation of income tax assets and liabilities and could cause our income tax provision to vary significantly among financial reporting periods. We adopted the provisions of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Interpretation No. 48, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes (“FIN 48”), which is an interpretation of SFAS 109. FIN 48 clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an entity’s financial statements in accordance with SFAS 109 and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in an income tax return. FIN 48 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition. Recent Accounting Pronouncements The following is a summary of recent accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects, if any, on our consolidated financial statements: FSP 107-1 and APB 28-1 In April 2009, the FASB issued FSP No. FAS 107-1 and APB 28-1, Interim Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments (“ FSP 107-1 and APB 28-1”) . FSP 107-1 and APB 28-1 require disclosures about fair value of financial instruments for interim reporting periods as well as in annual financial statements. FSP 107-1 and APB 28-1 amend Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 28, Interim Financial Reporting , to require those disclosures in summarized financial information at interim reporting periods. FSP 107-1 and APB 28-1 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods ending after June 15, 2009, with early adoption permitted for periods ending after March 15, 2009 only if an entity elects to early adopt Financial Accounting Standards (“FAS”) FSP FAS 157-4, Determining Fair Value When the Volume and Level of Activity for the Asset or Liability Have Significantly Decreased and Identifying Transactions That Are Not Orderly and FSP FAS 115-2 and FAS 124-2, 49 Table of Contents Recognition and Presentation of Other-Than-Temporary Impairments . The adoption of this pronouncement is not anticipated to have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations. SFAS 141(R) In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141R, Business Combinations (“SFAS 141R”), which establishes principles and requirements for how the acquirer of a business recognizes and measures in its financial statements the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree. SFAS 141R also provides guidance for recognizing and measuring the goodwill acquired in the business combination and determines what information to disclose to enable users of the financial statements to evaluate the nature and financial effects of the business combination. SFAS 141R is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2008. Early adoption is not permitted. SFAS 141R is to be applied prospectively to business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after the first reporting period beginning on or after December 15, 2008. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. SFAS 157-2 In February 2008, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position No. 157-2 (“FSP 157-2”), which delayed the effective date by which companies must adopt certain provisions of SFAS No. 157, Fair Value Measurements (“SFAS 157”). FSP 157-2 defers the effective date of SFAS 157 for all nonfinancial assets and nonfinancial liabilities, except for items that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis, to fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2008, and interim periods within those fiscal years. On January 1, 2009, the Company adopted the provision of SFAS 157 as it relates to the disclosure requirements for all nonfinancial assets and nonfinancial liabilities. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. SFAS 161 In March 2008, the FASB issued SFAS No. 161, Disclosures about Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities (“SFAS 161”). This statement is intended to enhance required disclosures regarding derivatives and hedging activities, including enhanced disclosures regarding how: (a) an entity uses derivative instruments; (b) derivative instruments and related hedged items are accounted for under FASB Statement No. 133, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities; and (c) derivative instruments and related hedged items affect an entity’s financial position, financial performance, and cash flows. SFAS 161 is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after November 15, 2008. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows except for the additional disclosure requirements as required by the pronouncement. SFAS 162 In May 2008, the FASB issued SFAS No. 162, The Hierarchy of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“SFAS 162”). SFAS 162 identifies the sources of accounting principles and the framework for selecting the principles used in the preparation of financial statements of nongovernmental entities that are presented in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. SFAS 162 is effective 60 days following the SEC’s approval of Public Company Accounting Oversight Board amendments to AU Section 411, The Meaning of Present Fairly in Conformity With Generally Accepted Accounting Principles . The adoption of this pronouncement is not anticipated to have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Liquidity, Financial Position and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2008, cash and cash equivalents totaled $15,253. Our cash flows from operations and financing activities have been adequate to fulfill our liquidity requirements. We finance acquisitions primarily through funding from equity offerings and cash generated from operations. We anticipate that we will be able to 50 Table of Contents satisfy the cash requirements associated with, among other things, our working capital needs, capital expenditures, debt and lease commitments through at least the next 12 months primarily with cash generated by operations and existing cash balances. We expect to improve upon our liquidity and financial position based on the following: · Due to the current economic downturn and continued negative effects of the global credit markets, we have also encountered a challenging environment for amending its existing debt and credit facilities or entering into new facilities. However, we were able to amend and extend our debt agreements with the primary lenders for Brad Foote and Tower Tech as of March 13, 2009 as further described in the respective Brad Foote and Tower Tech credit facilities discussions below. Brad Foote and Tower Tech are also subject to certain covenants within the agreements, and while there can be no certainty that we will be able to meet our obligations under these covenants, we expect that they will be met during 2009. We plan to continue efforts to restructure its debt obligations and capital expenditure commitments to ensure that we have adequate liquidity and the financial resources to fund working capital requirements, capital expenditures and business acquisitions. As previously disclosed, during the third quarter of 2008, we also announced the hiring of Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated to advise us on certain acquisition, growth and financing opportunities, as well as advise us on issues related to the Schedule 13D filing by Tontine and Tontine’s intent to explore alternatives for the disposition of its ownership position in Broadwind. · We experienced significant one-time corporate and operating cash outflows as a result of integrating four acquisitions during 2008. We expect to see a significant reduction in these types of cash outflows during 2009. · The Company is exposed to credit risk on its accounts receivable balances. Historically, our accounts receivable balances are highly concentrated with a select number of customers. During the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, sales to three or fewer customers accounted for approximately 72%, 70% and 97%, respectively, of consolidated revenues. Additionally, as of December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, three or fewer customers comprised approximately 61%, 63% and 78%, respectively, of our outstanding accounts receivable balances. In the event that we are unable to collect on these accounts receivable balances, the Company may be exposed to significant credit risk associated with an increase in bad debt expense resulting from the write-off of these uncollectible balances in addition to the corresponding decrease in liquidity as a result of the inability to collect cash associated with these accounts receivables balances. In an effort to mitigate the impact of this credit risk, the Company has adopted sales agreements which require a down payment or progress billings on all long-term contracts entered into. In addition, accounts receivable balances are monitored and reviewed on a monthly basis and customer account balances that are delinquent or nearing delinquency are vigorously pursued by our collection departments to establish collectability or adequate reserves are made against questionable accounts. · We made capital investments of $83,720 during 2008. These investments resulted in significant capacity expansion across all business lines. These major investments in 2008 serve to reduce our expected capital expenditure needs during 2009. Additionally, we are currently in the process of attempting to restructure our existing financing obligations and capital expenditure commitments to provide us with additional liquidity and capital resources. Due to the current economic downturn and continued negative effects of the global credit markets, we have encountered a challenging environment for amending its existing debt and credit facilities or entering into new facilities. However, we were successful as of March 13, 2009 in amending its debt agreements with the primary lenders for Brad Foote and Tower Tech, respectively, as discussed below. We plan to continue its efforts to restructure its debt obligations and capital expenditure commitments to ensure that we have adequate liquidity and the financial resources to fund working capital requirements, capital expenditures and business acquisitions. We also intend to enhance our ability to fulfill our short-term liquidity requirements through financing initiatives that may include entering into additional sales-leaseback arrangements and securing additional debt. While we anticipate being able to maintain adequate liquidity, there can be no assurance that our cash balances and cash flows will be adequate, and unfavorable changes to our revenues, customer collections or other events that may arise may have an adverse impact on our cash flows and liquidity. 51 Table of Contents As of March 31, 2009, cash and cash equivalents totaled $6,333. Our cash on hand and cash flows from operations and financing activities have been adequate to fulfill our liquidity and operating requirements. We anticipate that we will be able to satisfy the cash requirements associated with, among other things, our working capital needs, capital expenditures, debt and lease commitments through at least the next 12 months primarily with available cash balances, cash generated by operations and through additional financing arrangements. The Company has also entered into additional financing arrangements to improve its liquidity and cash balances. In April, Tower Tech entered into a sale-leaseback agreement with Varilease Finance, Inc. (Varilease”) pursuant to which Varilease agreed to provide equipment financing in the amount of up to $3,000 (the “Varilease Financing”). Proceeds from the Varilease Financing will be used for working capital and other general corporate operating needs. In addition, Tower Tech obtained construction financing from Great Western Bank (“GWB”) in the amount of up to $10,000 (the “GWB Loan”). Proceeds from the GWB Loan will be used to complete construction of Tower Tech’s wind tower manufacturing facility in Brandon, South Dakota. The Company believes that by entering into these additional financing arrangements, it has strengthened its financial position and has provided additional liquidity to meet current and future operating requirements. Sources and Uses of Cash Operating Cash Flows During the year ended December 31, 2008, net cash flows used in operating activities totaled $2,359, compared to net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2007, which totaled $521. The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities as compared to the prior year was attributable to an increase in administrative expenses and increases in our accounts receivable and inventory balances as we ramped-up production and expanded our facilities and revenues. During the fourth quarter of 2008, we recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of $2,409. During the year ended December 31, 2008, depreciation and amortization expense increased approximately $18,343, from $3,523 during the year ended December 31, 2007 to $21,866 during the year ended December 31, 2008. The overall increase in depreciation and amortization was primarily due to an increase in equipment depreciation expense and an increase in customer relationships intangible amortization as a result of our acquisitions of Brad Foote and RBA in October 2007, and the acquisition of EMS in January 2008. We also entered into an agreement with a customer in December 2008 to release $9,436 from a restricted cash down-payment on an order. The cash was being held under a letter of credit. The release of these funds provided liquidity for working capital and capital expenditure commitments. The details of this agreement are described further in Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. During the three months ended March 31, 2009, net cash used in operating activities totaled $301, compared to net cash provided by operating activities for the three months ended March 31, 2008, which totaled $276. The increase in net cash used in operating activities was primarily attributable to a decline in our gross margins and higher operating expenses as compared to the prior period. During the three months ended March 31, 2009, cash used in operating activities increased due to the inclusion of Badger, which was acquired in June 2008, primarily due to an increase in accounts receivable due to timing of orders and collection, and as a result of higher production costs related to the start up of our wind tower manufacturing facility in Abilene, Texas and start-up costs related to a new manufacturing contract. The increase in these production costs, in particular with respect to the inclusion of steel in our selling price for wind tower, reduced gross margins and contributed to the increase in net cash used in operating activities for the three months ended March 31, 2009. While our agreements with customers call for specified payments terms, the effects of the global economic crisis may result in our customers modifying or attempting to modify their payment terms, which could adversely affect our liquidity position during 2009. As a result, the Company may be exposed to credit risk associated with the write-off of these uncollectible balances in addition to a reduction in liquidity. Although we anticipate that we will be able to satisfy cash requirements for working capital needs, capital expenditures and commitments through at least 2009 primarily with cash generated by our operations and existing cash balances, we will need to restructure its existing debt and credit agreements or seek additional sources of capital to fund capital commitments, business acquisitions and working capital requirements in future years. 52 Table of Contents Investing Cash Flows During the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, net cash flows used in investing activities totaled $106,696 and $82,828, respectively. The increase in net cash used in investing activities as compared to the prior year was primarily attributable to the increase of $77,866 in capital expenditures, which primarily related to the construction of a wind tower manufacturing facility in Abilene, Texas and the partial construction of a wind tower manufacturing facility in Brandon, South Dakota at our Tower Tech subsidiary and the expansion of capacity through equipment additions at Brad Foote. Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash received decreased from $76,474 during the year ended December 31, 2007 to $23,016 during the year ended December 31, 2008. The decrease is primarily attributable to smaller acquisitions completed during 2008 as compared to 2007. In January 2008, we acquired EMS for $32,250, exclusive of $536 in acquisition-related costs. The purchase price consisted of $18,429 in cash and 1,629,834 in unregistered shares of our common stock at a price per share of $8.48. In June 2008, we acquired Badger for $11,811, exclusive of $184 in acquisition-related costs. The purchase price consisted of $5,811 in cash and 581,959 in unregistered shares of our common stock at a price per share of $10.31. During the three months ended March 31, 2009 and 2008, net cash flows used in investing activities totaled $6,719 and $27,468, respectively. The decrease in net cash used in investing activities as compared to the prior period was primarily attributable to the fact that no acquisitions were completed by the Company during the three months ended March 31, 2009, as compared to the prior period. In January 2008, the Company completed the acquisition of EMS for an aggregate purchase price of $32,772, which consisted of cash consideration of $18,534, net of cash received. In addition, capital expenditures decreased from $8,934 during the three months ended March 31, 2008, to $6,743 during the three months ended March 31, 2009. During the three months ended March 31, 2009, capital expenditures primarily consisted of expenditures related to the completion of Tower Tech’s new wind tower manufacturing facility in Abilene, Texas while the capital expenditures during the three months ended March 31, 2008 primarily related to the facility expansion at our Brad Foote subsidiary. Additionally, capital expenditures are anticipated to be significantly lower during 2009 as compared to 2008 as a result of the completion of a significant number of capital projects during 2008. During 2008, the Company made $83,720 in capital investments, which included, among other things, significant investments in capacity and infrastructure in addition to equipment, machinery and transport vehicle expenditures. As a result, the Company believes that it has adequate capacity to meet current and foreseeable customer demand and anticipates that capital expenditures during 2009 will be significantly less as compared to comparable periods during 2008. We have firm capital commitments that come due in 2009 which approximate $12,711, and additional discretionary capital investment estimates that approximate $18,000. As of March 31, 2009, $9,111 of the firm commitments have been funded and fulfilled. We plan to fund the firm commitments through operating cash and lease financing. The discretionary investments are not required to meet our current obligations to customers or to meet known regulatory requirements. Financing Cash Flows During the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, net cash flows provided by financing activities totaled $118,526 and $87,964, respectively. The increase in net cash flows provided by financing activities was primarily attributable to approximately $117,389 in private equity placements completed during the year ended December 31, 2008, compared to $65,400 in private equity placements completed during the year ended December 31, 2007. To finance the purchase price of the EMS acquisition, we completed a private equity placement offering in January 2008 with TP and T25 for an aggregate amount of $17,225, or 2,031,250 shares of our unregistered common stock at a price per share of $8.48, pursuant to a previously disclosed Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement. In addition, we completed transactions resulting in the sale of an aggregate of $100,500, of its unregistered common stock, of which $500, or 62,814 shares, was purchased by Charles H. Beynon, a member of our Board of Directors and an aggregate of $100,000, or 12,562,814 shares, were purchased by TCP, TP, T25 and TOF. Thomas Weisel Partners issued a fairness opinion in connection with these transactions. 53 Table of Contents Proceeds from lines of credit and notes payable decreased from $25,283 during the year ended December 31, 2007 to $9,273 during the year ended December 31, 2008, primarily as a result of a $25,000 related party note conversion by TP, TOF and TMF. In April 2008, TP, TOF and TMF each converted the original notional amount of their respective 9.5% related party note for an aggregate of 3,333,332 shares of our unregistered common stock. Accrued interest of $1,223 on the notes was paid by us to TP, TOF and TMF in cash on the date of conversion. During the three months ended March 31, 2009, net cash used in financing activities totaled $1,900, compared to net cash provided by financing activities for the three months ended year ended March 31, 2008, which totaled $28,262. The decrease in net cash provided by financing activities as compared to the prior period was primarily the result of the fact that the Company received no proceeds from the issuance of common stock, together with a decrease in borrowings on lines of credit and notes payable, which was partially offset by higher debt payments made during the current quarter. In January 2008, the Company received $17,225 of consideration for common stock in a private placement sale to TP and T25 pursuant to a previously disclosed Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement. In addition, during the three months ended March 31, 2008, the Company received proceeds from borrowing of $12,420 compared to proceeds from borrowings of $1,542 in the first quarter of 2009. During the three months ended March 31, 2009, payments made on borrowings totaled $4,634 compared to $385 during the three months ended March 31, 2008. The increase in debt payments is partially attributable to a $1,500 debt payment made by Brad Foote in March 2009 pursuant to the Second Omnibus Amendment. Additionally, Tower Tech and Badger entered into three separate sale-leaseback transactions for proceeds totaling $1,235 during the three months ended March 31, 2009. As part of these transactions, Tower Tech and Badger received cash proceeds from the sale of certain assets and agreed to lease the assets back from the purchasers. Two of these lease arrangements have been accounted for as operating leases and one as a capital lease. On November 10, 2008, Tontine filed a Schedule 13D with the SEC in which it announced its intention to explore alternatives for the disposition of its equity interest in the Company. Tontine has previously been the primary source of capital for acquisitions and expansion projects for us, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in securing a replacement source of capital to continue its long-term growth plans. We have completed much of our current capacity and infrastructure expansion projects, and in light of current market conditions has turned its focus to optimizing current operations and liquidity needs, which is expected to result in improvements to operating cash flows. While we have also restructured some capital expenditure commitments with vendors, we expect the remaining capital expenditure commitments will be funded through operating cash, lease financing, and additional debt. Credit Facilities Brad Foote In connection with our acquisition of Brad Foote in October 2007, we assumed approximately $25,500 of outstanding senior debt and available lines of credit, including the following loans that Brad Foote had obtained from BOA, pursuant to a Loan and Security Agreement dated as of January 17, 1997 (as previously amended and/or stated, the “Loan Agreement”): (i) a $10,000 ($4,000 at December 31, 2008) revolving line of credit loan (the “Revolving Loan”); (ii) a consolidated term loan in the original principal sum of approximately $7,900 (the “Term Loan”); (iii) an $11,000 non-revolving equipment line of credit loan (the “Equipment Loan”); and (iv) a $9,000 non-revolving equipment line of credit loan with a term conversion feature (the “Equipment Loan No. 2”). The promissory notes evidencing the Revolving Loan, the Term Loan, The Equipment Loan and the Equipment Loan No. 2 are referred to collectively below as the “BOA Notes.” As described more fully below, 1309 South Cicero Avenue, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“1309”) and 5100 Neville Road, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“5100”) (each a wholly-owned subsidiary of Brad Foote) subsequently executed a Term Note with BOA in the amount of $2,075 dated January 31, 2008 (as previously amended and/or restated, the “Subsidiary Note”). The Revolving Loan, which was originally scheduled to mature on June 30, 2008, had approximately $5,700 outstanding at closing of the Brad Foote acquisition, with $4,000 outstanding at December 31, 2008. The Revolving Loan was extended on September 29, 2008 to a maturity date of January 15, 2009, and further extended on 54 Table of Contents January 16, 2009 to a maturity date of March 15, 2009. Interest on the Revolving Loan is payable monthly. The Term Loan, which matures on January 31, 2011, had approximately $5,300 outstanding at closing of the Brad Foote acquisition, with $3,291 outstanding at December 31, 2008, and requires monthly principal and interest payments. The monthly amount of principal due on the Term Loan is $132. The Equipment Loan had approximately $10,000 outstanding at closing of the Brad Foote acquisition, with $7,333 outstanding at December 31, 2008. The Equipment Loan included an option to convert the obligation to a term note on April 29, 2007. This conversion was effected, making the outstanding principal balance of the Equipment Loan payable in monthly principal installments of $183 commencing on May 31, 2007, maturing on April 30, 2012. Interest accrues on the outstanding balance of the converted term loan. The Equipment Loan No. 2, which matures on June 30, 2013, had approximately $4,500 outstanding at closing of the Brad Foote acquisition, with $8,138 outstanding at December 31, 2008. The Equipment Loan No. 2 included an option to convert the obligation to a term note, which conversion was effected. Interest on the Equipment Loan No. 2 was payable monthly until June 30, 2008, at which point Brad Foote began making monthly principal payments of $150 plus interest, which accrues on the outstanding balance of the Equipment Loan No. 2. Pursuant to the Omnibus Amendment described below, for interest periods beginning after January 20, 2009, the interest rate payable under the BOA Notes and under the Subsidiary Note is equal to the greater of (A) the rate per annum equal to the British Bankers Association LIBOR Rate plus five percent (5%) and (B) six percent (6%) (the “Current Interest Rate”). On September 29, 2008, Brad Foote entered into a thirty-first amendment to the Loan Agreement with BOA. Pursuant to such amendment, Brad Foote had an obligation to pay down $3,000 of the outstanding principal amount under the Revolving Loan by September 30, 2008, and made the required payment of such amount on October 1, 2008. Brad Foote received a waiver from BOA with respect to the required payment. Additionally, Brad Foote failed compliance with two of its covenants, specifically its EBITDA coverage ratio and its cash flow coverage ratio calculations. We obtained a waiver from BOA of these covenant violations as of September 30, 2008. On December 9, 2008, Brad Foote entered into a thirty-second amendment to the Loan Agreement with BOA (the “Loan Agreement Amendment”). In connection with the Loan Agreement Amendment, Brad Foote and BOA also entered into an Amended and Restated Renewal Revolving Note and Note Modification Agreements pertaining to the BOA Notes (together, the “Additional Loan Agreements”). Under the terms of the Loan Agreement Amendment and the Additional Loan Agreements, Brad Foote and BOA agreed (i) to permanently reduce the amount of the Revolving Loan from $10,000 to $7,000, (ii) to waive Brad Foote’s violation of the covenants concerning EBITDA coverage ratio and cash flow coverage ratio calculations set forth in the Loan Agreement (the “Loan Agreement Covenants”), (iii) to modify the interest rate charged on the BOA Notes to equal “Adjusted LIBOR,” generally defined as the rate at which U.S. dollar deposits in a comparable amount are offered generally in the London Interbank Eurodollar market plus 2.5 percent (pursuant to the Omnibus Amendment described below, such interest rate was subsequently revised to equal the Current Interest Rate), (iv) that Brad Foote pay down $3,000 of the outstanding balance on the Revolving Loan from a loan with us and (v) that Brad Foote pay to BOA a covenant waiver fee in the amount of $25. Under the terms of the Loan Agreement Amendment and the Additional Loan Agreements, BOA waived Brad Foote’s violation of the Loan Agreement Covenants for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2008. On January 16, 2009, Brad Foote, 1309 and 5100 entered into an Omnibus Amendment Agreement dated January 15, 2009 (the “Omnibus Amendment”) with BOA, further amending the Loan Agreement. Among other things, the Omnibus Amendment provided that (i) BOA waive Brad Foote’s violation of the Loan Agreement Covenants for the period from December 31, 2008 up to but not including January 20, 2009, (ii) the maximum amount that Brad Foote may borrow under the note evidencing the Revolving Loan is $4,000, (iii) the termination date of the Loan Agreement be extended to March 15, 2009 (or such earlier time upon which the note evidencing the Revolving Loan becomes due and payable), (iv) that for interest periods beginning after January 20, 2009, the interest rate payable for the BOA Notes and for the Subsidiary Note be equal to the Current Interest Rate, (v) Brad Foote’s financial covenants and events of default be amended and restated and (vi) Brad Foote pay BOA an amendment and waiver fee in the amount of $25, as well as all reasonable fees and expenses of BOA incurred in connection with the drafting, negotiation, execution, delivery and effectiveness of the Omnibus Amendment. In connection with the Omnibus Amendment, Brad Foote, 1309, 5100, Broadwind and BOA entered into additional agreements on January 16, 2009, including (i) a Pledge Agreement pursuant to which we granted BOA a 55 Table of Contents first priority security interest in all shares of stock of Brad Foote and all indebtedness to us and any promissory notes and/or instruments representing such indebtedness, (ii) an Unconditional Guaranty executed by us in favor of BOA, whereby we guaranteed the payment of Brad Foote’s indebtedness under the Loan Agreement and certain other loan documents, certain agreements designed to protect 1309 and 5100 against fluctuations in interest rates, currency exchange rates or commodity prices and any treasury management services provided to 1309 and/or 5100 by BOA or any affiliate of BOA, (iii) an Unconditional Guaranty executed by each of 1309 and 5100 in favor of BOA, whereby each of 1309 and 5100 guarantees the payment of Brad Foote’s indebtedness under the Loan Agreement and (iv) mortgages from 1309, 5100 and Brad Foote to BOA, each of (i) through (iv) above dated as of January 15, 2009. On March 13, 2009, Brad Foote, 1309 and 5100 entered into the Second Omnibus Amendment with BOA, further amending the Loan Agreement, and, in connection therewith, Broadwind, 1309 and 5100 entered into the Reaffirmation. Among other things, the Second Omnibus Amendment further amended and restated certain financial covenants under the Loan Agreement and set forth certain additional covenants, including a minimum monthly cumulative EBITDA covenant for Brad Foote. The Second Omnibus Amendment also provided that (i) BOA waive Brad Foote’s violation of the minimum EBITDA covenant for the period ending December 31, 2008, (ii) Brad Foote pay to $1,500 of the amount outstanding on the Revolving Loan ($500 of which was paid by us on behalf of Brad Foote) and that the maturity date of the Revolving Loan be extended to January 15, 2011, (iii) the Revolving Loan be amortized pursuant to monthly payments, (iv) BOA’s revolving credit commitment under the Loan Agreement be terminated, resulting in BOA having no obligation to make revolving loans to Brad Foote under the Loan Agreement, (v) the maturity dates of the Equipment Note, Equipment Note No. 2 and Subsidiary Note be shortened to December 31, 2011 and (vi) Brad Foote pay BOA an extension fee on a monthly basis through the end of 2009. The Loan Agreement states that the Revolving Loan, Term Loan, Equipment Loan and Equipment Loan No. 2 are secured by all of the assets of Brad Foote and that Brad Foote must maintain insurance on the collateral. The Loan Agreement requires Brad Foote to comply with standard covenants, including financial covenants relating to ratios of cash flow coverage and senior debt to EBITDA, to provide monthly financial reporting and to submit our annual audited financial statements to BOA at the close of each fiscal year. Each of the Revolving Loan, Term Loan, Equipment Loan and Equipment Loan No. 2 become immediately due and payable upon breach of any covenants or representations made by Brad Foote in the Loan Agreement and upon other customary events of default. On May 8, 2009, Brad Foote entered into the Thirty-Fifth Amendment with BOA, further amending the Loan Agreement. Among other things, the Thirty-Fifth Amendment provided that BOA waive Brad Foote’s violation of (i) the financial covenants set forth in Sections 14.1(d) and (e) of the Loan Agreement (the senior debt to EBITDA ratio and cash flow coverage ratio covenants) solely for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2009, but only to the extent that such violations would not cause any Default or Event of Default under the Loan Agreement as amended by the Thirty-Fifth Amendment; (ii) the financial covenant set forth in Section 14.1(f) of the Loan Agreement (the minimum EBITDA ratio covenant) solely for each of the calendar months of January 2009 and February 2009; (iii) the financial covenant set forth in Section 14.1(f) of the Loan Agreement (the minimum EBITDA ratio covenant) solely for each of the calendar months of March 2009 and April 2009, but only to the extent that such violations would not cause any Default or Event of Default under the Loan Agreement as amended by the Thirty-Fifth Amendment; and (iv) certain covenants relating to the delivery of Brad Foote’s financial information to BOA. In addition, the Thirty-Fifth Amendment provided that certain of Brad Foote’s financial covenants be amended and restated, including requirements with respect to maintenance of ratios of (i) senior debt to EBITDA, (ii) cash flow coverage and (iii) minimum EBITDA. In connection with the Thirty-Fifth Amendment, Brad Foote agreed to pay BOA a $25 amendment and waiver fee, as well as all reasonable fees and expenses of BOA incurred in connection with the drafting, negotiation, execution, delivery and effectiveness of the Thirty-Fifth Amendment. Also, 1309, 5100 and Broadwind entered into a Reaffirmation dated as of May 8, 2009, reaffirming that each of the Loan Documents (as defined in the Loan Agreement) to which they are a party remains in full force and effect and is ratified and confirmed. 56 Table of Contents In addition to the covenants described in the preceding paragraph, covenants contained in the Loan Agreement include restrictions on Brad Foote’s ability to make distributions or dividends, incur indebtedness or make subordinated debt payments, as well as limitations on Brad Foote’s ability to make capital expenditures, any of which could ultimately affect our ability to undertake additional debt or equity financing. Our Brad Foote subsidiary has been notified that the Liens were filed against certain of its real property. We believe the amounts claimed pursuant to the Liens have been paid by Brad Foote to the applicable general contractors and Brad Foote believes that such general contractors have remitted or will soon remit such payments to the parties that filed the Liens. The filing of the Liens does, however, constitute an event of default under the Loan Agreement with BOA. Although Brad Foote has been in discussions with BOA and is seeking a waiver of the event of default from BOA, there can be no assurance that a waiver will be obtained and that BOA will not accelerate Brad Foote’s obligations under the Loan Agreement. If Brad Foote is unable to obtain a waiver of the event of default, approximately $ 20,853 would become immediately due and payable by Brad Foote to BOA. Tower Tech In October 2007, Tower Tech obtained a secured line of credit (the “ICB Line”) from Investors Community Bank (“ICB”) in the amount of $2,500, which was increased to $5,500 on March 21, 2008. The ICB Line is secured by substantially all of the assets of Tower Tech and RBA. Draws on the ICB Line bear interest at a variable rate equal to the greater of (A) 4.25% or (B) 1.75% above “The Previous Month Average 30 Day Libor Rate published in The Wall Street Journal.” Pursuant to a Commercial Debt Modification Agreement dated as of October 22, 2008, Tower Tech and ICB extended the maturity date of the ICB Line to April 22, 2009. In connection with the extension, Broadwind provided re-executed guaranties to ICB for all debt owed by each of Tower Tech and RBA to ICB. In addition, Tower Tech re-executed its guaranty for debts owed by RBA to ICB, and RBA re-executed its guaranty for debts owed to ICB by Tower Tech. We anticipated that each of Tower Tech and RBA would be in violation of certain financial covenants relating to net worth and debt to net worth ratio as of December 31, 2008. Tower Tech and RBA each received waivers on December 29, 2008 from ICB for the anticipated violations. On March 13, 2009, ICB extended the maturity date of the ICB Line to March 13, 2010 (the “ICB Line Extension Agreement”). Pursuant to the ICB Line Extension Agreement, Tower Tech agreed to establish new financial covenants with respect to minimum debt service coverage ratio and minimum tangible net worth. Tower Tech also agreed to retain their primary deposit accounts with ICB and that no additional loans or leases be entered into by Tower Tech without the prior approval of ICB. On April 28, 2009 (the “Construction Loan Closing Date”), Tower Tech entered into a Construction Loan Agreement with Great Western Bank (“Great Western”), pursuant to which Great Western will provide up to $10,000 in financing (the “Construction Loan”) to fund construction of Tower Tech’s wind tower manufacturing facility in Brandon, South Dakota (the “Facility”). Also on the Construction Loan Closing Date, Great Western agreed to advance $3,703, representing amounts previously paid by Tower Tech relating to construction of the Facility. Tower Tech anticipates making additional draws as needed until completion of the Facility. The Construction Loan bears interest at a rate of 7.5% per annum on all advances. Tower Tech is required to make monthly payments of accrued and unpaid interest beginning June 5, 2009 and on the fifth day of each month thereafter, and must pay the outstanding principal and all accrued and unpaid interest on the maturity date, which is January 5, 2010, unless the Construction Loan is converted as described below. Tower Tech was also required to pay a $100 origination fee on April 28, 2009. The Construction Loan is secured by a first mortgage on the Facility and all fixtures, accounts and proceeds relating thereto, pursuant to a Mortgage and a Commercial Security Agreement, each between Tower Tech and Great Western and entered into on the Construction Loan Closing Date. In addition, pursuant to an Assignment of Deposit Account entered into on the Construction Loan Closing Date, Tower Tech has granted Great Western a security interest in a $2,000 deposit account. We have also executed a Commercial Guaranty and entered into a Subordination Agreement in connection with the Loan, under which it has agreed to guarantee Tower Tech’s performance and to subordinate all intercompany debt with Tower Tech to the Construction Loan. The Construction Loan may be accelerated under certain events of default (subject to applicable notice and cure provisions), including but not limited to: (i) failure to make any payment on the Construction Loan when due; (ii) failure to comply with or perform any covenants or conditions under the Loan; (iii) failure to construct the Facility in accordance with the plans and specifications approved by Great Western or in accordance with the construction contracts relating to the Facility; and (iv) cessation of construction of the Facility. The Construction Loan contains representations, warranties and covenants that are customary to a construction financing arrangement. Pursuant to a Letter Agreement dated as of the Construction Loan Closing Date among Great Western, Tower Tech and Broadwind (the “Letter Agreement”), Tower Tech may, any time prior to January 1, 2010, convert the Construction Loan into a term loan for up to $6,500, with an interest rate not to exceed 8.5% per annum (the 57 Table of Contents “Construction Term Loan”). Tower Tech would be required to pay a 1.0% origination fee upon the conversion, and would be required to make monthly payments of principal and accrued interest over the life of the Construction Term Loan, which would be not less than seventy-eight months. Following the conversion to a Construction Term Loan, Great Western would retain its security position in the collateral given as security for the Construction Loan, except for the deposit account assigned pursuant to the Assignment of Deposit Account, which would be released upon conversion. All other customary terms and conditions would be mutually agreed upon by Great Western and Tower Tech at the time of conversion. RBA On April 7, 2008, RBA executed four (4) promissory notes in favor of ICB (the “ICB Notes”), in the aggregate principal amount of approximately $3,781, as follows: (i) term note in the maximum principal amount of approximately $421, bearing interest at a per annum rate of 6.85%, with a maturity date of October 5, 2012; (ii) term note in the maximum principal amount of $700, bearing interest at a per annum rate of 5.65%, with a maturity date of April 25, 2013; (iii) term note in the maximum principal amount of $928, bearing interest at a per annum rate of 5.65%, with a maturity date of April 25, 2013; and (iv) line of credit note in the maximum principal amount of $1,732, bearing interest at a per annum rate of 4.48% until May 1, 2008 and thereafter at “The Previous Month Average 30 Day Libor Rate published in The Wall Street Journal,” with a maturity date of April 5, 2009 (the “Line of Credit Note”). The ICB Notes provide for multiple advances, and are secured by substantially all of the assets of RBA. As of December 31, 2008, the total amount of indebtedness outstanding under the ICB Notes was $3,564. On March 13, 2009, RBA and ICB extended the maturity date of the ICB Notes in the maximum principal amount of $1,732 to March 13, 2010 (the “ICB Note Extension Agreement”). Pursuant to the ICB Note Extension Agreement, RBA established new financial covenants with respect to minimum debt service coverage ratio and minimum tangible net worth (these covenants were subsequently modified by the parties on April 22, 2009, effective as of March 31, 2009). RBA also agreed to maintain its primary deposit accounts with ICB and that no additional loans or leases shall be entered into by RBA without the prior approval of ICB. As of March 31, 2009, RBA had $32 available for additional borrowing under the line of credit note and was in compliance with all of its financial covenants with ICB. EMS On January 16, 2008, we assumed approximately $2,500 of outstanding senior debt in connection with our acquisition of EMS. The debt comprised of various loans, maturing on dates from May 2008 to April 2013. In September 2008, EMS paid all outstanding term notes due to DNB National Bank in the amount of $2,425, which included accrued interest of $5. Badger On March 9, 2006, Badger executed a secured promissory note payable to Dairyman’s State Bank in the principal amount of approximately $134, bearing interest at a per annum rate of 9.25%, with a maturity date of March 9, 2011; this loan had approximately $68 outstanding as of December 31, 2008, and requires monthly principal and interest payments. On October 27, 2008, Badger executed a secured promissory note payable to First National Bank (“FNB”) in the principal amount of approximately $109, bearing interest at a per annum rate of 6.75%, with a maturity date of September 27, 2009; this loan had approximately $89 outstanding at December 31, 2008 and requires monthly principal and interest payments. On June 20, 2008, Badger executed a secured promissory note payable to FNB for a revolving line of credit (the “FNB Line”) in the maximum principal amount of approximately $488, bearing interest at a per annum rate equal to the greater of (A) 5.0% and (B) 1.0% over the prime rate from time to time, with a maturity date of June 20, 2009; this loan had approximately $467 outstanding at December 31, 2008 and requires monthly principal and interest payments. 58 Table of Contents Contractual Obligations As of March 31, 2009, minimum future cash payments due under contractual obligations, including, among others, our debt and credit agreements, non-cancelable operating and capital lease agreements, and other contractual obligations, were as follows: 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 & Thereafter Total Debt and credit agreements (1) $ 10,959 $ 16,595 $ 10,880 $ 839 $ 756 $ — $ 40,029 Operating lease obligations 2,770 3,443 3,195 3,158 2,396 7,201 22,162 Capital lease obligations (1) 1,064 1,331 1,293 1,079 828 — 5,595 Purchase commitments 3,600 — — — — — 3,600 Total contractual cash obligations $ 18,393 $ 21,369 $ 15,368 $ 5,076 $ 3,980 $ 7,201 $ 71,386 (1) Debt and credit agreements and capital lease obligations include both the future principal payment amount and an amount calculated for expected future interest payments. Debt and Credit Agreements Debt and credit agreements include outstanding borrowings under our lines of credit, term notes related to vehicle and equipment purchases, and a note payable related to a purchase agreement for manufacturing equipment. Operating Lease Obligations We lease the majority of our facilities and certain equipment under operating leases expiring at various dates through 2023. Lease terms generally range from two to 15 years with renewal options for extended terms. The amounts in the table above represent future minimum lease payments for non-cancelable operating leases. Capital Lease Obligations We have capital lease obligations related to certain manufacturing equipment and vehicles expiring at various dates through 2013. As of March 31, 2009, the balance of our outstanding capital lease obligations was approximately $5,594, which includes accrued interest of approximately $756. Purchase Commitments Purchase commitments represent building and equipment purchase contracts related to the construction of our new wind tower manufacturing facility in Brandon, South Dakota. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements During March 2009, Badger entered into two sale-leaseback agreements, whereby Badger sold certain equipment to a third party financing company in exchange for $570 in cash and agreed to lease the equipment back from the purchaser for a certain period of time. As part of these agreements, Badger has the ability to enter into additional sale-leaseback transactions with the financing company involving other equipment for a maximum aggregate amount of $1,700. The primary purpose of these arrangements was to provide additional liquidity for meeting working capital requirements. Each lease agreement is for a four-year period with rental payments due monthly. These lease agreements have been accounted for in our results of operations as operating leases. In addition, the sale of the assets resulted in a gain on disposition of $38, which will be amortized to other income in our statement of operations over the life of the operating lease. 59 Table of Contents Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk We are exposed to financial market risks, which primarily include changes in interest rates on our variable rate obligations. We use various techniques to manage our market risk, including the use of derivative financial instruments. We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. Interest Rate Exposure The majority of our third party borrowings under our credit and term note agreements bear annual interest at variable rates tied to the prime rate and LIBOR. The outstanding borrowings under these variable rate obligations were $31,377 and $55,753 as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. Our potential interest rate exposure over a one year period that would result from a hypothetical, instantaneous and unfavorable change of 100 basis points in the interest rate of our variable rate obligations would be approximately $313 on a pre-tax basis. In order to minimize the exposure of interest rate fluctuations on certain of our variable interest rate obligations, we utilize two interest rate swap agreements. Our interest rate swap agreements involve the exchange of variable for fixed interest rates over the life of the debt obligation without the exchange of the underlying notional amounts. We did not elect hedge accounting treatment as prescribed under the pronouncement criteria of SFAS No. 133, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities (“SFAS 133”), and accordingly, the change in the fair value of the swap agreements is recognized in our consolidated results of operations. The unrealized loss related to the change in fair value of the swap agreements was approximately $194 and $153 for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively, and the fair market value of the swap agreements of $582 and $388 is recorded as a long-term liability in our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. Our potential derivative financial instrument exposure over a one year period that would result from a hypothetical, instantaneous and unfavorable change of 100 basis points in the interest rate associated with these respective swap agreements would be approximately $97 on a pre-tax basis. We estimate that the book value of our debt instruments and derivative financial instruments approximated their fair values as of December 31, 2008 and 2007. We believe that the exposure of our consolidated financial position and results of operations and cash flows to adverse changes in interest rates is not significant. Additionally, we believe that there are no significant counter party risks associated with our interest rate swap agreements. Credit Risk Exposure We are exposed to credit risk on its accounts receivable balances. Historically, our accounts receivable are highly concentrated with a select number of customers. During the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, sales to three or fewer customers accounted for approximately 72%, 70% and 97%, respectively, of consolidated revenues. Additionally, as of December 31 2008, 2007 and 2006, three or fewer customers comprised approximately 61%, 63% and 78%, respectively, of our outstanding accounts receivable balances. Commodity Risk Exposure We are dependent upon the supply of certain raw materials used in its production processes, and these raw materials are exposed to price fluctuations on the open market. The primary raw material used by us is steel. To reduce price risk caused by market fluctuations, we have incorporated price adjustment clauses in certain sales contracts. Management believes a hypothetical 10% change in the price of steel and other raw materials would not have a significant effect on our consolidated annual results of operations or cash flows because these costs are generally passed through to its customers. 60 Table of Contents BUSINESS Business Overview We are a supplier of value-added products and services to the North American wind energy sector as well as other energy-related industries. We provide our customers, such as leading wind turbine manufacturers and developers, wind farm operators and service companies, with a broad range of component and service offerings. Since 2006, we have made significant investments in the growth of our business through a series of acquisitions. In doing so, we have developed a broad, U.S.-based supply chain for wind development in North America. Our five businesses are currently organized in two operating segments: Products and Services . Products The Products segment includes three subsidiaries that manufacture and sell products such as high precision gears for wind turbines, custom-engineered gearing systems for the mining, energy, and industrial sectors, structural wind towers, internal tower components, and large fabricated and machined components for the construction and mining industries. Specific services provided include key technology areas such as form grinding and finishing of gears and gear sets, steel plate processing, semi-automated heavy welding and custom corrosion protection of components. Our primary focus is on the wind energy industry; however, our Products segment also services mining, oil and gas, construction and other industrial energy applications. The Products segment has undergone a significant expansion in the last two years and reflects the operations of Brad Foote Gear Works, Inc. (“Brad Foote”), Tower Tech Systems Inc. (“Tower Tech”), and R.B.A., Inc. (“RBA”). As of March 31, 2009, the segment had approximately 725 employees, and operated in Wisconsin, Texas, Illinois, and Pennsylvania. Taking into account our acquisition of RBA on October 1, 2007 and Brad Foote on October 19, 2007, our Products segment had revenues of $29,804,000 and $177,114,000, in 2007 and 2008, respectively. A summary of the three subsidiaries that comprise our Products segment follows: · Brad Foote, founded in 1924 and acquired by us in October 2007, is the largest precision gear manufacturer for the wind energy industry in North America. Brad Foote produces precision and custom-engineered gearing systems for wind power generation, oil production, mining, steel, and transportation industries. Brad Foote has two facilities in Cicero, Illinois and one facility in Neville Island, Pennsylvania which we believe collectively represent the largest gear grinding and carburizing capacity in North America. As of March 31, 2009, Brad Foote had approximately 350 employees and total manufacturing space of approximately 569,000 square feet. · Tower Tech, founded in 2003 and acquired by us in February 2006, manufactures utility-scale wind towers for wind energy development. Today, Tower Tech is a leading manufacturer of wind towers and specializes in delivering the larger and heavier “next generation” wind towers to our customers. Tower Tech has strategically located facilities in Manitowoc, Wisconsin and Abilene, Texas and third wind tower 61 Table of Contents manufacturing facility currently under construction in South Dakota. Tower Tech’s facilities have a combined annual production capacity which supports up to 1,500 megawatts (“MW”) of wind energy production on an annual basis. As of March 31, 2009, Tower Tech had approximately 320 employees and total manufacturing space of approximately 346,000 square feet in its Manitowoc and Abilene facilities. · RBA, founded in 1985 and acquired by us in October 2007, specializes in heavy steel fabrication and performs specialty welding services. RBA refurbishes, assembles and welds heavy equipment for the crane manufacturing, construction and mining industries. RBA’s specialized heavy plate processing experience will assist Tower Tech in developing the technical expertise to provide future generations of customized wind towers. RBA has facilities in Manitowoc, and Clintonville, Wisconsin. As of March 31, 2009, RBA had approximately 55 employees and total manufacturing space of approximately 100,000 square feet. Services The Services segment was established upon our acquisition of Energy Maintenance Service, LLC (“EMS”) in January 2008 and expanded with our acquisition of Badger Transport, Inc. (“Badger”) in June 2008. This segment specializes in construction, operations and maintenance and component repair services for the wind industry as well as specialized heavy haul trucking services to installation sites. Services provided include construction and technical support in the erection of wind turbine generators, scheduled and un-scheduled maintenance, fiberglass blade repair, retrofit solutions, technical training, and the transportation of oversize/overweight equipment and machinery. As of March 31, 2009, the segment had approximately 290 employees. Currently, the Services segment has service hub locations in South Dakota, Texas and Wisconsin and satellite field service centers in California, Colorado, Pennsylvania and Illinois. Taking into account the acquisition of EMS on January 16, 2008 and Badger on June 4, 2008, the Services segment had revenues of $41,502,000 in fiscal year 2008. A summary of each of the two subsidiaries that comprise our Services segment follows: · EMS , founded in 1998 and acquired by us in January 2008, provides construction, operations and maintenance, and component repair services for the wind industry. EMS specializes in wind turbine repair offerings, including major component refurbishing, wind turbine maintenance, construction support and engineering and advisory services. The company’s customers include turbine and component manufacturers, wind farm owners and developers. EMS’ main office is in Gary, South Dakota and it has major repair hubs in Howard, South Dakota and Abilene, Texas as well as satellite field service centers in California and Illinois. As of March 31, 2009, EMS had approximately 240 employees. · Badger , founded in 1982 and acquired by us in June 2008, is a provider of specialty transportation services of oversize/overweight equipment and machinery, primarily to the wind industry. The company specializes in the transport of tower sections, blades, nacelles and other oversized equipment for large industrial applications. Badger has been in business for over 25 years, with 15 years in specialized heavy haul and more than 11 years serving the wind industry. Badger operates from its headquarters in Clintonville, Wisconsin. As of March 31, 2009, Badger had approximately 50 employees and operated or leased a total of 64 trailers. See Note 21 “Segment Reporting” of the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 for a discussion of summary financial information by segment. 62 Table of Contents Competitive Strengths We believe our business model offers a number of competitive strengths that have contributed to our commercial success and will enable us to capitalize on significant opportunities for growth. These competitive strengths include the following: · A Leading supplier of wind components, logistics and service to the wind industry. We have successfully won key contracts and established relationships with major wind sector manufacturers and hold leading positions in many of the markets we serve. As of March 31, 2009, we provided products and services to six of the eight largest wind turbine manufacturers in the United States based on MW supplied in 2007. We believe our market position as one of the only component suppliers with a strong national presence and significant scale favorably position us to capitalize on an increasing demand for wind turbines. With the cost of shipping components to assembly plants and project sites representing up to 10–15% of the final cost of a wind project, our facilities and hubs across key wind states such as Texas, South Dakota, Pennsylvania, Illinois, California and Wisconsin provide us the opportunity to be the leading North American platform with the ability to meet the needs of turbine manufacturers across North America. · Well-positioned to benefit from the high growth of the North American wind market. We have made significant upfront investments in human resources and property and equipment to position ourselves to continue to take advantage of the potential growth in the North American wind industry. Emerging Energy Research projects a 22% compounded annual growth rate (“CAGR”) in installed wind capacity between 2008 and 2013. In 2008 alone, the U.S. wind industry installed over 8,000 MW of new capacity. We believe volatile electricity prices, increasing electricity demand, and anticipated clean energy and climate change legislation have created a favorable environment in North America for the development of renewable sources such as wind power. The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (“ARRA”), for example, included $16.8 billion over ten years for renewable energy, extended a production tax credit to December 31, 2013 and expanded an investment tax credit to cover wind developers. In addition, the federal government is considering the establishment of clean power energy standards, a federal clean power energy portfolio and a cap-and-trade carbon reduction program which we believe, if adopted, would support further growth in demand for wind energy generation. · Strong and broad customer relationships with cross-selling opportunities across customer base. Our management continues to work to develop long-term, multi-year backlog and strategic customer relationships in all our product and service businesses designed to provide for an integrated solution to the fragmented supply chain our customers face. The manufacture and production of wind energy-related infrastructure involves over 5,000 components. Currently, many of the key inputs making up the wind supply chain are both geographically dispersed and lack integration, resulting in high transportation costs and quality control issues. In addition, many of the key strategic component suppliers are currently based in Europe, which historically has resulted in shortages for turbines manufactured in North America. We believe our strategy to build an integrated platform will enable us to capture a significant portion of the overall component supply market as North American turbine manufacturers look to decrease logistics costs and make their supply chain more efficient. Further, a number of international players have announced North American-based wind turbine assembly plants that will require supply chain infrastructure. Our portfolio businesses and customer relationships allow us to cross-sell our products and services across our customer base in the wind energy supply chain. · Industry leading technology, design capabilities and manufacturing expertise. We possess industry-leading technology, design capabilities and manufacturing expertise. From our highly efficient Tower Tech tower plants to our flexible and scalable Brad Foote gear production facilities utilizing state-of-the-art Hofler TM production centers, we have invested substantial capital in technological, engineering, manufacturing capabilities and redundant capacity at key locations near wind-rich cities that we believe will enable us to grow our businesses and increase our market share. In addition, we have benefited from our work with sophisticated original equipment manufacturing customers who run multi-year processes to certify component manufacturers for serial production. Our size and resources allow us to execute a 63 Table of Contents number of Center of Excellence initiatives including Six Sigma, lean quality initiatives and certificates, supply chain management and new skills and training centers. · Experienced management team with decades of wind industry experience. Our senior management team has significant industry experience and proven expertise in wind and other energy sectors. Relevant experience includes areas important to our business including high technical specification industrial manufacturing, operational execution in the wind industry, strategic business development, financial planning and acquisition integration. They have held positions at national wind and industrial sector companies including Vestas, General Electric, British Petroleum, Trinity, DMI Industries, Regal Beloit and Whirlpool. Business and Operating Strategy Our business strategy is to capitalize on the anticipated growth of wind and other energy sectors in the U.S. and Canada by providing the highest value-added components and services across the wind and other energy sector supply chains. We seek to expand our market share in the North American wind energy industry and other energy sectors and to be the leading provider of a comprehensive supply solution to our customers in North America. The recent downturn in the economy and the effects of the disruptions in the global credit markets and financial systems have had a negative effect on the wind industry and the global heavy manufacturing industry and have limited our short term growth prospects. In light of these challenges and our belief that we have invested in enough infrastructure to meet our short term goals, our immediate focus is to concentrate on (i) achieving operational excellence within our existing businesses, (ii) continuing to expand our North American market share and (iii) maintaining adequate liquidity and working capital. Our strategic objectives include the following: · Become the leading provider in the wind supply chain in North America by expanding our suite of products and services. We are dedicated to the identification, development, and commercialization of new products and services that utilize our capacity and provide value-added solutions for our customers. Supply chain management is critical for wind turbine manufacturers who manufacture or will soon manufacture many of the turbines in the U.S. Our local presence in key wind resource states and suite of products and services directly address this critical issue by limiting exchange rate risk and importation and customs duties and substantially reducing transportation and working capital costs for our customers. With the addition of businesses providing new products and services in the last two years, we have made progress in our desire to provide comprehensive solutions for our customers across the wind supply chain from full component manufacturing to delivery to site and construction support. By maintaining strategic relationships with our customers, we are able to understand and meet their needs across the supply chain and provide opportunities to deliver them synergies across our operating units. · Leverage our customer relationships within the wind industry and related sectors to cross-sell our products and services. We believe the future wind industry manufacturing supply chain will be characterized by close customer relationships based on product development and long-term supply agreements. We consider our current relationships with our wind customers to be a key pillar of our future strategy and work closely with them to develop and tailor products to their individual needs. We engage our customers on many levels, including industry research and development, product design, key account management and manufacturing. We believe our developing single-source strategy will help leverage our existing customer relationships with the world’s leading wind turbine manufacturers and help us to realize cross-selling opportunities. We will continue to seek to capture a significant share of our existing customers’ demand and to diversify our revenue markets and customer base. · Continue to develop the service and maintenance businesses. We believe that the after-market support business in the wind industry is currently underdeveloped. Most wind turbine components are currently serviced by wind turbine manufacturers through applicable warranty periods. We believe that as manufacturer warranties expire and as the complexity and size of wind turbines increase, component manufacturers will increasingly be asked to service their own products. We intend to support our 64 Table of Contents customers’ service strategies, to further develop our own service channels and to capture a share of the expanding service and aftermarket support business on the basis of agreements with wind turbine manufacturers, wind farm operators, and independent service providers. We have local service centers located close to wind sites that are centrally-placed with capital-intensive capabilities, as well as skilled team members. We believe this gives us a competitive advantage as we capitalize on post-warranty growth in wind turbine service and maintenance demand. · Continue to improve production technology and operational efficiency and enhance our cost structure. Our manufacturing facilities include state-of-the-art equipment and lean processes to reduce costs. Although we have achieved significant cost reductions by emphasizing flexibility in our manufacturing processes and installing modern and more efficient equipment, we remain focused on further reducing costs. We will continue to employ strategies to further optimize the production processes at our facilities to generate increased output and lower our costs while maintaining product quality with high technical specifications. Ongoing efforts are underway to continue to improve labor and machine efficiencies at the plant level, revise staffing programs and upgrade scheduling and performance systems to increase efficiency, reduce inventories, and improve overall financial returns and cash flow. We also intend to continue to construct and operate lean facilities near project sites to decrease transportation costs as well as offer combined services. · Utilize our capacity to increase market share and satisfy our customers’ demand for our products and services. During 2008 we took steps to increase our manufacturing capabilities by increasing production capacity at our Brad Foote facilities and constructing a tower manufacturing plant in Abilene, Texas. Our Tower Tech subsidiary is also currently constructing an additional tower manufacturing plant in Brandon, South Dakota. In addition, RBA added an additional manufacturing location in Clintonville, Wisconsin. Our service segment increased specialized heavy-haul capacity by over 20% and EMS increased its service capacity through strategic hiring and opened an additional facility capable of MW blade repair. We are prepared to further expand manufacturing and service capacity to meet customer demand when we approach capacity constraints. However, we believe that we are well positioned to take advantage of the current market conditions and an increase in market growth with our current infrastructure. Going forward, we plan to continue to expand our delivery options to benefit from economies of scale and scope from complementary and growing businesses. · Recruit, train and retain high quality employees in our current and planned facilities. Our business relies on highly skilled workers to operate sophisticated machinery and provide specialized service with demanding technical specifications. The quality and skills of our personnel have been critical to our success to date and our continued growth depends on our ability to attract, train, and retain capable and dedicated employees. We believe we offer attractive employment opportunities in the markets in which we operate. We provide extensive training programs for new employees and continuing education for our existing employees. Many employees are able to operate a variety of different machines, depending on workload and customer orders, allowing us flexibility in our product mix. We intend to continue to place an emphasis on building a collaborate culture that fosters passion, honesty and teamwork to deliver real value for our customers and our investors. Company History We were incorporated in Nevada in 1996 as Blackfoot Enterprises Inc. (“Blackfoot”). In February 2006, Blackfoot completed a reverse shell transaction with Tower Tech, whereupon Blackfoot became a holding company for Tower Tech, and subsequently changed its name to Tower Tech Holdings Inc. In 2008, Tower Tech Holdings Inc. reincorporated in Delaware and changed its name from Tower Tech Holdings Inc. to Broadwind Energy, Inc. Through a series of strategic business acquisitions completed in 2007 and 2008 and organic growth, we expanded upon our core platform as a wind tower component manufacturer and have positioned us as a broad-based supply-chain provider for the wind and other energy-related industries. 65 Table of Contents Sales and Marketing Our sales and marketing strategy is to develop and maintain long-term relationships with our customers and to offer a comprehensive suite of products and services to them. We pursue this strategy by working closely with our customers in developing and designing customized product, manufacturing, and service solutions. We also intend for our offerings to fulfill needs that our customers may consider non-core and do not desire to provide for within their organizations. We target long-term agreements, under which we supply our customers with products or services. The majority of our customer base consists of wind turbine manufacturers who supply end-users and wind turbine developers with completed wind turbines. Within the wind industry, we have long-standing relationships with customers, engaging them at various levels from key account management, site management, research and development, product design and manufacturing up to senior management. Competition We do not believe that any competitors exist that have developed a similar suite of products and services for the North American wind industry as those offered by our businesses. However, competition within each of our subsidiaries’ niches exists and some of our customers maintain internal capabilities that compete with our offerings. Several wind tower manufacturers compete in the United States, including Trinity Industries, Inc., Ameron International Corporation, and DMI Industries. Approximately five companies worldwide have the proven ability and capacity to compete with Brad Foote to supply gear sets for the wind industry. Brad Foote is a major North American supplier of wind energy gear sets. Two of the major European suppliers are owned by wind turbine manufacturers: Hansen (owned by Suzlon energy) and Winergy/Flender (owned by Siemens). The competitors of Brad Foote within the oil and gas exploration industry are slightly more fragmented. These companies compete based upon price, quality, location, available capacity, and several other factors. Anderson Trucking Service and Lonestar Trucking are Badger’s main competitors, while additional competitors within our Services segment are fragmented. Government Regulation and Compliance The operations of our businesses are subject to numerous federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations. While it is our primary objective to maintain compliance with these respective laws and regulations, it may not be possible to quantify with certainty the potential impact of actions regarding environmental matters, particularly remediation and other compliance efforts that we may undertake in the future. We believe that our subsidiaries are in substantial compliance with such laws and regulations, and we do not anticipate any material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities. Backlog Many of our products are sold under long-term supply agreements. These long-term agreements have various terms, but generally range from several months to three years with some contracts carrying automatic renewal provisions. As of April 30, 2009, the dollar amount of our backlog believed to be firm was approximately $264.7 million, of which $148.3 million is expected to be shipped during the remainder of 2009. In light of the nature of the Company’s operations during 2008, management does not believe that providing a backlog number for the comparable period in 2008 will provide a useful comparison against the Company’s current backlog. Seasonality The majority of our business is not affected by seasonality. Our Services segment can be affected by weather-related constraints. Employees We had over 1,000 employees as of March 31, 2009. As of March 31, 2009, approximately 80% of our employees were in manufacturing, service, and field support related functions and 20% of our employees were in administrative functions. Approximately 30% of our employees are covered by two collective bargaining 66 Table of Contents agreements with local unions. These agreements are scheduled to expire in October 2009 and February 2010. We consider our union and employee relations to be satisfactory. Raw Materials The primary raw material used in the construction of wind towers and gearing products at our Tower Tech and Brad Foote businesses, respectively, is steel in the form of steel plate, forgings, and castings. Additionally, some agreements may allow customers to independently provide steel to Tower Tech for the construction of wind towers. We operate a multiple sourcing strategy and source our raw materials through various suppliers located throughout the United States and abroad. We do not generally have long-term supply agreements with any of our raw materials suppliers and closely match terms with those of our customers to limit our exposure to price fluctuations. We believe that we will be able to obtain an adequate supply of steel and other raw materials to meet our manufacturing requirements. Customers We manufacture or construct, and provide transportation and maintenance services to, a variety of customers in the wind energy, oil and gas, mining and industrial industries. The majority of our customer base consists of wind turbine manufacturers who supply end-users and wind turbine developers with completed wind turbines. In the industrial, mining and constructions sectors, we sell our products through our technically trained sales force to both owners and operators. The wind turbine market is very concentrated. According to the American Wind Energy Association’s 2008 industry rankings, the top three wind turbine manufacturers in the U.S. constituted 77% of the market and the top five constituted 95% of the market. As a result, we currently have concentrations with a limited number of customers for a majority of our revenues. Sales to each of Gamesa, Clipper and General Electric Transportation Services represents an amount greater than 10% of our Company’s consolidated revenues and the loss of any such customer could have a material adverse effect on us. Our current and historical portfolio of customers and collaborators includes: AWE, Babcock & Brown, Clipper, Diversified Energy Solutions, Next ERA (formerly FPL Energy), Gamesa, Garrad Hassan, General Electric, Great River Energy, Horizon Wind Energy, Nordex, Reunion Power, Siemens, Suzlon, Vestas and Xcel Energy. Working Capital Our primary customers are wind turbine manufacturers and wind energy developers. The industry has historically produced customized and varying terms and conditions for agreements between suppliers and customers, depending on the specific objectives of each party. Our practices mirror this historical industry practice for negotiating agreements on a case-by-case basis. As a result, working capital needs, including levels of accounts receivable and inventory, can vary significantly from quarter to quarter based on the contractual terms agreed to by the parties, such as whether we are required to purchase and supply steel pursuant to such contractual terms in the sale of structural towers. Quality Control We have a long-standing focus on processes for ensuring the manufacture of high quality products. To achieve high standards of production and operational quality, we implement strict and extensive quality control and inspection throughout our production processes. We maintain full, in-house control over all core manufacturing processes and carry out quality assurance inspection at the completion of each major manufacturing step to ensure the quality of our products. The manufacturing process at Brad Foote, for example, involves transforming forged steel into high technical specification gears through to rough machining, hobbing, reinforcing thermal treatment, fine machining and fine grinding. We inspect and test raw materials before they enter the assembly process, re-test the raw materials after rough machining, test the functioning of gear teeth and cores after thermal treatment and accuracy test final outputs for product specifications. We believe our investment in industry-leading heat treatment, high precision machining, specialized grinding technologies, and cutting edge welding has contributed to our high product reliability and consistent performance of our products under varying operating conditions once installed. 67 Table of Contents Our Brad Foote subsidiary is ISO 9001:2000 certified and our other companies have certification programs underway. Segment Financial Information Per the pronouncement criteria in SFAS No. 131, Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information (“SFAS 131”), we have identified two reportable operating segments, consisting of Products and Services. Products includes the manufacturing of components for the wind and energy-related industries, including tower support structures, gearing systems, and mining and other heavy equipment. Services includes construction, operations, support, maintenance and component repairs for wind turbines, and specialized heavy-haul trucking services. As previously reported in our 2007 Annual Report filed on Form 10-KSB, we had two reportable segments: “Towers and Fabrication” and “Gearing Systems.” In January 2008, we acquired EMS, which provides construction support, engineering and maintenance services, and in June 2008, we acquired Badger, which provides specialized heavy haul trucking services. As a result of these acquisitions, we revised our segments to properly categorize our current operating segments. Accordingly, all prior period segment information has been reclassified to conform to our new reportable operating segments for all periods presented. Our chief operating decision-maker evaluates segment performance based on revenues, gross profit, and operating income or loss. Adjustments to reconcile segment results to consolidated results are included under the caption “Corporate and Other,” which primarily includes corporate administrative expenses and intercompany eliminations. Summary financial information by reportable segment is as follows: Revenues For the Years Ended Operating Loss For the Years Ended 2008 2007 2006 2008 2007 2006 Segments: Products segment $ 177,114 $ 29,804 $ 4,023 $ (1,630 ) $ (3,217 ) $ (2,321 ) Services segment 41,502 — — (2,602 ) — — Corporate and other(1) (1,295 ) — — (17,511 ) (318 ) — $ 217,321 $ 29,804 $ 4,023 $ (21,743 ) $ (3,535 ) $ (2,321 ) Gross Profit (Deficit) For the Years Ended Depreciation and Amortization For the Years Ended 2008 2007 2006 2008 2007 2006 Segments: Products segment $ 23,332 $ 3,939 $ (799 ) $ 17,049 $ 3,523 $ 328 Services segment 10,880 — — 4,797 — — Corporate and other(1) (842 ) — — 20 — — $ 33,370 $ 3,939 $ (799 ) $ 21,866 $ 3,523 $ 328 68 Table of Contents Total Assets as of December 31, 2008 2007 Segments: Products segment $ 308,044 $ 210,713 Services segment 65,795 — Corporate and other(2) 5,909 (4,895 ) $ 379,748 $ 205,818 (1) “Corporate and other” includes corporate administrative expenses and intercompany eliminations. Corporate selling, general and administrative expenses includes corporate salaries and benefits, share-based compensation, and professional fees. (2) “Corporate and other” includes assets of the corporate headquarters and intercompany eliminations. We generate revenues entirely from transactions completed in the United States and our long-lived assets are located in the United States. During the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007, and 2006, three or fewer customers accounted for 72%, 70% and 97%, respectively, of total net sales. In addition, as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, three or fewer customers comprised approximately 61% and 63%, respectively, of our total outstanding accounts receivable balances. Legal Proceedings From time to time, we anticipate that Broadwind or its subsidiaries may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of its operations in the normal course of business. As of March 31, 2009, we are not aware of material pending legal proceedings or threatened litigation that would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations, although no assurance can be given with respect to the ultimate outcome of actions. In September 2007, Tower Tech received a notice of violation from the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources (“WDNR”) stating that Tower Tech was in violation of several provisions of the state’s air pollution laws and regulations in connection with the construction and operation of two new paint booths at its Manitowoc, Wisconsin facility. Tower Tech has entered into negotiations with the WDNR, and currently the WDNR is seeking only monetary penalties and no other relief. Properties Our corporate headquarters is located in Naperville, Illinois, which is a suburb located west of Chicago, Illinois. In addition, our subsidiaries own or lease operating facilities, which are presented by operating segment as follows: Operating Segment and Facility Type Location Owned / Leased Approximate Square Footage Products Tower Manufacturing Manitowoc, WI Leased 200,000 Tower Manufacturing Brandon, SD(1) Owned 146,000 Tower Manufacturing Abilene, TX Owned 146,000 Specialized Welding Manitowoc, WI Leased 45,000 Specialized Welding Clintonville, WI Owned 63,000 Gearing Systems Cicero, IL Owned 198,000 Gearing Systems Cicero, IL Leased 301,000 Gearing Systems Neville Island, PA Owned 70,000 Services Service and Maintenance Gary, SD Leased 25,000 Service and Maintenance Abilene, TX Leased 297,000 Service and Maintenance Howard, SD Owned 25,000 Heavy Haul Trucking Clintonville, WI Owned 7,000 Service and Maintenance Tehachapi, CA Leased 5,000 Corporate Administrative Naperville, IL Leased 6,800 69 Table of Contents (1) Brandon, South Dakota location is a partially constructed wind tower manufacturing facility. We consider that our facilities are in good condition and are adequate for our present and future needs. Our Corporate Information Our principal executive office is located at 47 East Chicago Avenue, Suite 332, Naperville, IL 60540. Our phone number is (630) 637-0315 and our website address is www.broadwindenergy.com . Information contained on our website does not constitute part of this prospectus. Other Information On our website at www.broadwindenergy.com , we make available under the “Investors” menu selection, free of charge, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-KSB, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Form 10-QSB, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports or amendments are electronically filed with, or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Materials that we file or furnish to the SEC may also be read and copied at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, DC 20549. Information on the operation of the Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Also, the SEC maintains an Internet site at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information that we file electronically with SEC. INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA Unless otherwise indicated, information contained in this prospectus concerning the United States wind energy industry and our general expectations concerning this industry are based on information from independent industry analysts and publications and management estimates. We have derived management estimates from publicly available information as well as data from our internal research. None of the independent industry publications used in this prospectus was prepared on our or our affiliates’ behalf. Estimates of historical growth rates in the markets in which we operate are not necessarily indicative of future growth rates in such markets. United States Wind Industry According to the Energy Information Administration of the U.S. Department of Energy, United States wind energy net summer generation capacity grew at a CAGR of 29% from 2002 to 2007. Between 2005 and 2008, the United States experienced the largest annual increases in cumulative installed wind capacity in the world. According to the American Wind Energy Association, the U.S. wind industry installed over 8,000 MW of new capacity in 2008 alone, bringing total installed capacity to over 25,000 MW. Despite the significant growth of wind energy capacity in the United States, wind energy comprised only 0.8% of total United States electricity production in 2007. This represents a small portion compared to the current percentage of electricity produced by wind energy 70 Table of Contents in Denmark, Spain and Germany, of approximately 21%, 11% and 7.5%, respectively. In 2008, the United States Department of Energy released a report examining the feasibility of harnessing wind power to provide up to 20% of the nation’s total electricity needs by 2030, which would entail increasing wind electric generation from its current production of 25,000 MW to 300,000 MW by 2030. While traditional fossil fuels represent the dominant source of power production in the United States, we believe that volatile electricity prices, increasing electricity demand and recent and future anticipated clean energy and climate change legislation have created a favorable environment in the United States for the development of renewable sources. To meet the expected increase in demand for electricity in the U.S., government, businesses and consumers are increasingly turning to renewable energy sources. Though renewable power generation has historically been more costly than traditional generation of electricity, the addition of government incentives and technology improvements has created an attractive alternative. Based on Federal Energy Regulatory Commission data, wind energy is the most cost-competitive renewable generating platform available. A number of recent government initiatives further promote wind energy as a source of electricity generation. The ARRA included $16.8 billion over ten years for renewable energy and extended the Production Tax Credit to December 31, 2012 for wind facilities. ARRA also provided the option to elect an investment tax credit in lieu of a production tax credit for 30% of the total cost of a project for wind facilities placed in service between 2009 and 2012. ARRA allows the Department of the Treasury to provide an equivalent amount in a grant to taxpayers in lieu of claiming an investment tax credit for energy facilities for facilities placed in service during 2009 or 2010 or placed in service after 2010 and before the tax credit termination date, but only if construction began during 2009 or 2010. In addition, the Obama Administration and Congress are currently discussing federal clean power energy standards, a federal clean power energy portfolio and a cap-and-trade carbon reduction program which, if adopted, would support further growth in demand for wind energy generation. Wind Turbine Components The manufacture and production of wind energy-related infrastructure involves over 5,000 components. The five most expensive components, each of which generally accounts for more than 10% of the overall cost of a turbine, are the tower, blade system, nacelle, gearbox and pitch systems and bearings. Additional key components include the generator and the control. Towers A wind tower accounts for approximately 18-27% of the total capital cost of a wind turbine. A tower’s cost is proportional to its height and diameter. Taller towers give access to stronger winds and more even wind flow, both of which lead to a higher electrical output. Industry research indicates that for tower sizes between 80 and 100 meters, each additional meter delivers 0.9% more yield. Doubling the height of the tower generally requires doubling its diameter and increasing the amount of material needed by a factor of eight, which results in a trade-off between the additional yield delivered by increasing tower height versus the additional cost of the tower. Nacelle The nacelle houses most of the wind turbine’s components including the generator, gearbox and control systems as well as thousands of smaller components and account for approximately 12-22% of a wind turbine’s cost. Due to the decrease in global foundry capacity since World War II, only a few suppliers are capable of the precision manufacturing required for the large size and thinness of nacelles. Some European wind turbine manufacturers have tried to identify cast product suppliers in India and China; however, it has been difficult finding the necessary standards and quality. Blade System The blade and hub system (rotor) is attached to the nacelle via the rotor shaft and rotates at an angular speed dependent on the power of the wind. Blades account for approximately 20-25% of the cost of a wind turbine and are 71 Table of Contents typically made out of fiberglass and epoxy resin. Blades are currently the focus of significant research and development at both national research institutions and also at wind turbine manufacturers. With lengths upwards of 60 meters, blades can be difficult and expensive to manufacture and transport. The risk of damage in transit requires careful logistics planning and creates a demand for blade production sites near the end-market. Gearbox The gearbox is made almost entirely of steel and is the heaviest component in the wind turbine’s nacelle. The gearbox accounts for approximately 11-15% of a wind turbine’s cost. The gearbox connects the low-speed shaft driven by the rotor blade to the high-speed shaft that drives the generator, increasing the rotational speeds from about 30 to 60 rotations per minute (rpm) to about 1,200 to 1,500 rpm, which is the rotational speed required by most generators to produce electricity. Pitch Systems and Bearings Pitch systems maximize a wind turbine’s energy converting efficiency by optimizing the positioning of the machine housing and blades in relation to the wind direction. Pitch systems and bearings account for approximately 11–15% of a wind turbine’s cost. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL HOLDERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth as of May 11, 2009 certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock by: · Each person known to us to beneficially own 5% or more of our common stock; · Each of our executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table, who in this prospectus are collectively referred to as the “named executive officers;” · Each of our directors (including nominees); and · All of our executive officers (as that term is defined in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”)) and directors as a group. We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). Beneficial ownership generally means having sole or shared voting or investment power with respect to securities. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the table, each stockholder named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of Broadwind common stock set forth opposite the stockholder’s name. We have based our calculation of the percentage of beneficial ownership on 96,546,782 shares of our common stock outstanding on May 6, 2009. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner or Identity of Group(1) Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percent of Class(2) % 5% Beneficial Owners Jeffrey L. Gendell, with respect to shares directly owned by Tontine Capital Partners, L.P., Tontine Capital Overseas Master Fund, L.P., Tontine Partners, L.P., Tontine Overseas Fund, Ltd. and by Tontine 25 Overseas Master Fund, L.P.(3)(4) 55 Railroad Avenue, 1 st Floor Greenwich, CT 06830 47,003,635 48.7 % Executive Officers and Directors Charles H. Beynon(5) 74,480 * J. Cameron Drecoll(6) 12,700,868 13.2 % William E. Fejes, Jr. 0 * Terence P. Fox(7) 5,095,175 5.3 % Matthew J. Gadow(8) 85,000 * Steven A. Huntington(9) 15,000 * James M. Lindstrom(10) 0 * Lars Moller(11) 105,000 * Robert A. Paxton 16,258 * David P. Reiland(12) 8,333 * J.D. Rubin 17,419 * All executive officers and directors as a group (11 persons) 18,117,533 18.7 % 72 Table of Contents * Less than 1% (1) The address for each of our directors and officers is 47 East Chicago Avenue, Suite 332, Naperville, Illinois 60540. (2) Based on 96,546,782 common shares issued and outstanding as of April 1, 2009. Shares not outstanding but deemed beneficially owned by virtue of the right of a person to acquire them as of April 1, 2009, or within sixty days of such date, are treated as outstanding only when determining the percent owned by such individual and when determining the percent owned by a group. (3) Represents 19,431,022 shares held by TCP; 5,556,666 shares held by TMF; 13,159,665 shares held by TP; 5,103,141 shares held by TOF; and 3,753,141 shares held by T25, as set forth in Tontine’s most recent Schedule 13D/A filing with the SEC on January 16, 2009. Mr. Jeffrey Gendell is the managing member of the following entities: (i) Tontine Capital Management, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company that is the general partner of TCP and T25; (ii) Tontine Capital Overseas GP, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company that is the general partner of TMF; (iii) Tontine Management, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company that is the general partner of TP; and (iv) Tontine Overseas Associates, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company that is the investment advisor for TOF. Therefore, Mr. Gendell is deemed to beneficially own the shares owned by TCP, TMF, TP, TOF and T25. Tontine and its affiliates have shared voting and dispositive powers with respect to these shares. See “Certain Transactions and Business Relationships” below for a description of the transactions in which Tontine acquired most of these shares. Tontine has voting control over additional shares of our common stock for certain matters, pursuant to the following proxy agreements: The Founding Stockholders’ Proxy Agreements: In connection with a Securities Purchase Agreement among TCP and TMF, as buyers, and Raymond L. Brickner III, Christopher C. Allie, Daniel P. Wergin and Terence P. Fox, as sellers (together, the “Founding Stockholders”), which was entered into in March 2007, each of the Founding Stockholders entered into an irrevocable proxy agreement with TCP and TMF (the “Founding Stockholders’ Proxy Agreements”), whereby each Founding Stockholder appointed each of TCP or TMF and any other person appointed by those entities as a proxy with respect to any and all shares of our common stock then beneficially owned or subsequently acquired by such persons, including shares over which such persons have voting control as trustee or in any other capacity, with respect to the following matters: (i) ensuring that any future acquisitions by Tontine entities of up to 35% of our fully- diluted outstanding common stock will not be subject to anti-takeover provisions included in any of our organizational documents or the laws and regulations of any governmental authority; and (ii) electing directors for the purpose of enforcing the rights of TCP and TMF to appoint designees to our Board of Directors, which right was granted to TCP and TMF in a Securities Purchase Agreement dated March 1, 2007 among TCP, TMF and us (then known as Tower Tech Holdings Inc.) (the “March 2007 Agreement”). Pursuant to the Founding Stockholders’ Proxy Agreements, each of the Founding Stockholders also agreed in his capacity as a director on our Board of Directors to vote for the Board of Directors designees of TCP 73 Table of Contents and TMF and to enforce the rights of those entities in connection with any future acquisitions by them of our common stock. The Founding Stockholders’ Proxy Agreements terminate automatically at such time as Tontine no longer has the right to acquire our common stock or appoint directors to our Board of Directors. The Brad Foote Proxy Agreement: In connection with our acquisition of Brad Foote, a gearing systems manufacturer and the appointment of J. Cameron Drecoll as our director and Chief Executive Officer, the former Brad Foote stockholders and Tontine entered into a proxy agreement, whereby Tontine agreed that, so long as the former Brad Foote stockholders collectively own at least 15% of our common stock, Tontine will vote its shares of our common stock for Mr. Drecoll in any election of directors to our Board of Directors. The former Brad Foote stockholders similarly agreed that, so long as Tontine and its affiliates have the right to appoint at least one director to our Board of Directors under either the March 2007 Agreement or the August 2007 Agreement (as defined below), the Brad Foote stockholders will vote their shares of our common stock in favor of the election of those individuals appointed by Tontine. We issued a total of 16,036,450 shares of our common stock to the former Brad Foote stockholders as consideration for the acquisition. (4) Tontine entered into a Right of First Offer and Right of First Refusal Letter with Broadwind, Integritas Inc. and the Founding Stockholders and certain trusts controlled by the Founding Stockholders pursuant to which Tontine has the right to purchase additional shares of our common stock in certain instances. (5) Includes 11,666 vested but unexercised options to purchase Broadwind common stock. (6) Mr. Drecoll acquired his shares of our common stock, and was appointed as a director and Chief Executive Officer, in connection with our acquisition of Brad Foote. Mr. Drecoll has entered into a voting agreement with Tontine, the terms of which are described above in Footnote 1 to this table. Includes 1,980,000 shares of Company common stock held by Mr. Drecoll in escrow as of May 11, 2009 and which is subject to forfeiture during the 18-month period following the date of the Stock Purchase Agreement for the acquisition of Brad Foote to satisfy claims arising as a result of a breach of any of the representations and warranties or covenants in such agreement. Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement among Brad Foote, the former owners of Brad Foote, including Mr. Drecoll and us, dated as of May 26, 2009, and as described in greater detail below under “Certain Transactions and Business Relationships,” all escrowed shares will be released to Mr. Drecoll. (7) Includes 1,000,000 shares held indirectly by the Raymond L. Brickner III and Debra L. Brickner Irrevocable Trust dated May 1, 2005 and 1,500,000 shares held indirectly by the Wergin Family Dynasty Trust 2005. With respect to certain matters, as described above in Footnote 3 to this Beneficial Ownership Table, Mr. Fox has appointed TCP and TMF as a proxy with respect to any and all shares of Broadwind common stock beneficially owned by him, including shares over which he has voting control as trustee or in any other capacity. (8) Includes 80,000 vested but unexercised options to purchase Broadwind common stock. Mr. Gadow resigned from his positions as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective April 30, 2009. (9) Includes 10,000 vested but unexercised options to purchase Broadwind common stock. Mr. Huntington resigned as Chief Financial Officer effective May 1, 2008 at which time he began serving as the Vice President—Finance of Tower Tech. (10) Mr. Lindstrom is employed by an affiliate of Tontine. He disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares beneficially owned by Tontine. (11) Includes 100,000 vested but unexercised options to purchase Broadwind common stock. (12) Includes 8,333 vested but unexercised options to purchase Broadwind common stock. 74 Table of Contents MANAGEMENT Directors The names and ages of all of our directors and the positions held by each with us are as follows: Name Age Position Charles H. Beynon(1)(2) 60 Director J. Cameron Drecoll(3) 54 Director; Chief Executive Officer William T. Fejes, Jr.(2)(4)(5) 53 Director Terence P. Fox(1)(4) 53 Director James M. Lindstrom(1)(3)(4) 36 Chairman of the Board David P. Reiland(2)(3)(6) 55 Director (1) Member of the Compensation Committee. (2) Member of the Audit Committee. (3) Member of the Executive Committee. (4) Member of the Governance/Nominating Committee. (5) Mr. Fejes was appointed to the Board of Directors effective March 19, 2009. (6) Member of the Finance Committee Charles H. Beynon has served as a member of our Board of Directors since October 24, 2007. He is the Chairman of the Audit Committee and is designated as a financial expert. Mr. Beynon is also a member of the Compensation Committee. Mr. Beynon is a Certified Public Accountant in Texas and also serves as a director of Integrated Electrical Services, Inc., a public company. Mr. Beynon retired as a partner from Arthur Andersen & Co. in 2002 after a 29-year career with the firm, including 19 years as a partner. He served as a division head in the firm’s Houston office where he was principally responsible for the firm’s services to middle market non-energy related clients. John Cameron Drecoll has served as our Chief Executive Officer and also as a director since October 19, 2007. He was appointed to these positions in connection with our acquisition of Brad Foote on October 19, 2007, where Mr. Drecoll held the positions of majority stockholder and Chief Executive Officer since 1996. Mr. Drecoll has more than 30 years of experience in the industrial manufacturing segment. Prior to acquiring Brad Foote, Mr. Drecoll was a Vice President of Regal Beloit Corporation, a public company that designs, manufactures and markets industrial power transmission equipment. In that role he specialized in integration and turnaround of new acquisitions. During his 15 years at Regal Beloit, the company enjoyed a five-fold increase in sales. Mr. Drecoll served on the Board of Directors of the American Gear Manufacturer Association and served as Chairman in 2003. Mr. Drecoll received a Mechanical Engineering degree and a Masters of Business Administration from Marquette University. William T. Fejes, Jr. has served as a member of our Board of Directors since March 19, 2009. Mr. Fejes is a member of the Audit Committee and Chairman of the Nominating/Governance Committee. Mr. Fejes has been the Chief Operating Officer of Seakeeper, Inc., a company that designs, manufactures and markets motion stabilization equipment for boats under 50 meters in length, since 2007. Prior to joining Seakeeper, Mr. Fejes was the President and Chief Executive Officer of TB Wood’s Incorporated, a public company that designs, manufactures and markets industrial power transmission components, for three years. Mr. Fejes also held various executive management roles at Danaher Corporation, a public company that designs, manufactures and markets industrial and consumer products, for eighteen years. Mr. Fejes received both his Bachelor of Science degree and Master of Science degree in electrical engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. 75 Table of Contents Terence P. Fox has served as a member of our Board of Directors since February 2006. Mr. Fox is a member of the Compensation Committee and Governance/Nominating Committee. He has been a partner in the law firm of Kummer, Lambert & Fox, LLP, and its predecessor, Dewane, Dewane, Kummer, Lambert & Fox, LLP, located in Manitowoc, Wisconsin, since June 1987. Mr. Fox graduated from the University of Wisconsin—Milwaukee and the Marquette University Law School. He has many business and real estate interests and sits on the board of directors of several non-profit and for-profit organizations in the Manitowoc, Wisconsin area. James M. Lindstrom has served as a member of our Board of Directors since October 24, 2007. He is Chairman of the Board of Directors and is Chairman of the Compensation and Executive Committees. Mr. Lindstrom is also a member of the Governance/Nominating Committee. He has been employed by Tontine Associates, LLC, a Greenwich, Connecticut-based investment partnership, since February 2006. From 2003 to 2006, Mr. Lindstrom was Chief Financial Officer of Centrue Financial Corporation, a regional financial services company, and has prior experience in private equity and investment banking. Mr. Lindstrom received his BA from Colby College and his MBA from the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth. David P. Reiland has served as a member of our Board of Directors since April 16, 2008, is a member of the Audit Committee and is designated as a financial expert. Mr. Reiland is also Chairman of the Finance Committee and a member of the Executive Committee. Mr. Reiland was employed by Magnetek, Inc., a public company that develops, manufacturers and markets power and motion control systems, from August 1986 until January 2009, where he held numerous high-level positions, including executive vice president, chief financial officer, controller and vice president of finance, and served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Magnetek from October 2006 until October 2008. Mr. Reiland continues to serve on the board of directors of Magnetek. Prior to joining Magnetek, Mr. Reiland was an audit manager with Arthur Andersen & Co. Mr. Reiland is a certified public accountant who also holds an undergraduate degree in financial management from California State University, Long Beach, and a Masters in Business Administration from the University of Southern California. Independence The Board of Directors has determined that currently and at all times during the year ended December 31, 2008, a majority of its members are and have been “independent” as defined by the listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market (“Nasdaq”). The Board of Directors considers in its evaluation of independence any existing related-party transactions, which are discussed later in this prospectus in the section entitled “Certain Transactions and Business Relationships.” The Board of Directors’ determination is based on its belief that none of the independent directors have any relationships that, in the opinion of the Board of Directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The current independent directors are James M. Lindstrom, Charles H. Beynon, Terence P. Fox, David P. Reiland and William T. Fejes, Jr. Executive Officers The names and ages of all our executive officers and the positions held by each with us are as follows: Name Age Position J. Cameron Drecoll 54 Chief Executive Officer Stephen E. Graham 51 Interim Chief Financial Officer Lars Moller 41 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Robert A. Paxton 35 Senior Vice President, Human Resources J.D. Rubin 32 Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary John Cameron Drecoll has served as our Chief Executive Officer and also as a director since October 19, 2007. He was appointed to these positions in connection with our acquisition of Brad Foote on October 19, 2007, where Mr. Drecoll held the positions of majority stockholder and Chief Executive Officer since 1996. Mr. Drecoll has more than 30 years of experience in the industrial manufacturing segment. Prior to acquiring Brad Foote, Mr. Drecoll was a Vice President of Regal Beloit Corporation, a public company that designs, manufactures and markets industrial power transmission equipment. In that role he specialized in integration and turnaround of new acquisitions. During his 15 years at Regal Beloit, the company enjoyed a five-fold increase in sales. Mr. Drecoll 76 Table of Contents served on the Board of Directors of the American Gear Manufacturer Association and served as Chairman in 2003. Mr. Drecoll received a Mechanical Engineering degree and a Masters of Business Administration from Marquette University. Stephen E. Graham has served as our Interim Chief Financial Officer since April 30, 2009. Mr. Graham has 30 years of accounting and finance experience, including 15 years serving in a chief financial officer capacity. Most recently he was Chief Financial Officer of Wastequip, an international waste equipment manufacturer, from March 2008 until March 2009. He has also served as Chief Financial Officer of Shiloh Industries, a publicly traded automotive components manufacturer, from October 2001 to March 2008. Mr. Graham earned his bachelor’s degree in Commerce and Finance from the University of Toronto and is a Chartered Accountant. Lars Moller has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since May 1, 2008 and served as our Executive Vice President of Business Development from October 2007 to May 2008. Prior to joining us, Mr. Moller was President of DMI Industries, a wind tower manufacturer based in West Fargo, North Dakota (“DMI”) from January 2003 to October 2007. Mr. Moller began his career with Bonus Energy (now Siemens Wind Power) in 1986 and held senior management positions with Vestas American and Difko (now enXco). Mr. Moller serves on the boards of both the American Wind Energy Association and Canadian Wind Energy Association. Robert A. Paxton has served as our Senior Vice President, Human Resources since June 30, 2008. Prior to joining us, Mr. Paxton worked for consumer brand Whirlpool Corporation from June 2002 to June 2008 where he held several human resources leadership positions at locations worldwide. Mr. Paxton completed his tenure at Whirlpool Corporation as Vice President, Human Resources. Mr. Paxton began his career with global energy producer BP, where he held various human resources leadership positions from June 1995 to June 2002. Mr. Paxton earned his undergraduate degree from Ohio University and holds an MBA from the University of Houston-Victoria. J.D. Rubin has served as our Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since June 30, 2008. Prior to joining us, Mr. Rubin was with the Chicago-based law firm of Barack Ferrazzano Kirschbaum & Nagelberg LLP, where he practiced corporate and securities law from September 2003 to June 2008. Mr. Rubin earned his undergraduate degree from the University of Wisconsin-Madison and his law degree from Northwestern University School of Law. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 2008 Director Compensation On October 24, 2007, the Broadwind Energy, Inc. Board Compensation Plan (the “2007 Board Compensation Plan”) was declared effective by the Board of Directors. Prior to the effective date of the 2007 Board Compensation Plan, our directors did not receive compensation. In 2008, each eligible director (as defined below) was compensated in accordance with the 2007 Board Compensation Plan. The 2007 Board Compensation Plan provided that each eligible director received $3,750 per calendar quarter for Board of Directors membership, $600 for each meeting that he or she personally attended and $500 for each meeting that he or she telephonically attended. Committee chairpersons received an additional cash fee of $3,750 per calendar quarter for their service, $1,100 for each committee meeting that he or she personally attended and $500 for each committee meeting that he or she telephonically attended. Other committee members received $600 for each committee meeting that he or she personally attended and $500 for each committee meeting that he or she telephonically attended. An “eligible director” is defined as a non-employee member of the Board of Directors who is not otherwise compensated by Broadwind. The 2007 Board Compensation Plan was terminated on March 11, 2009. In its place, the Board of Directors approved a board compensation program (the “2009 Board Compensation Program”) on March 11, 2009. Under the 2009 Board Compensation Program: 77 Table of Contents · each eligible director (as defined above) receives an annual equity grant of Restricted Stock Units (“RSUs”) with an economic value of $25,000 and is paid a cash fee of $12,500 per calendar quarter for board membership, $1,250 for each Board of Directors or stockholder meeting that he or she personally attends and $750 for each Board of Directors or stockholder meeting that he or she telephonically attends; · an outside chairman of the Board of Directors is paid an additional cash fee of $12,500 per calendar quarter for service on the Board of Directors; · committee chairpersons are paid an additional cash fee of $3,750 per calendar quarter; · committee members other than committee chairpersons are paid an additional cash fee of $1,250 per calendar quarter; · committee chairpersons and members are paid $1,250 for each committee meeting that he or she personally attends and $750 for each committee meeting that he or she telephonically attends; and · payments are made quarterly in arrears by the end of the first month following the quarter. In connection with their appointment as directors, the Board of Directors granted to each of Messrs. Barrett, Beynon and Reiland, non-qualified stock options to purchase 25,000 shares of our common stock under the Broadwind Energy, Inc. 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2007 Plan”), which was approved by the Board of Directors on August 20, 2007, was approved by our stockholders on June 20, 2008 and amended in August 2008. In addition, the Board of Directors granted to Mr. Beynon non-qualified stock options to purchase 10,000 shares of our common stock under the Plan in his capacity as Audit Committee Chair to recognize his efforts in connection with the preparation of our Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the 2007 fiscal year. The options will vest ratably over a three-year period and have ten-year terms. The exercise price is equal to the fair market value on the date of the grant. In connection with his appointment as a director, the Board of Directors granted to William T. Fejes, Jr. an RSU award of 7,042 shares of our common stock under the 2007 Plan. The RSU award to Mr. Fejes will vest one year after the date of grant. Each non-employee director is eligible to participate in the Broadwind Energy, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (the “Deferred Compensation Plan”), which was adopted by the Board of Directors on October 24, 2007. The Deferred Compensation Plan is an unfunded deferred compensation arrangement subject to the provisions of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “IRC”). During 2008, three of our directors elected to participate in the Deferred Compensation Plan. The value of each participant’s account is deemed invested in shares of Broadwind common stock and is payable upon separation from service or, in the Administrator’s discretion, upon an unforeseeable emergency. There were no earnings on deferred compensation for 2008. 2008 Director Compensation Table Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash(1)($) Option Awards(2)($) Total($) James M. Lindstrom Chairman of the Board of Directors $ 47,800 — $ 47,800 Charles H. Beynon Audit Committee Chair $ 29,047 (4) $ 58,518 $ 87,565 Raymond L. Brickner, III(3) President $ 0 — $ 0 William M Barrett(5) Governance/Nominating Committee Chair $ 27,155 (4) $ 45,792 $ 72,947 J. Cameron Drecoll Chief Executive Officer $ 0 — $ 0 Terence P. Fox Director $ 23,383 (4) — $ 23,383 David P. Reiland Director $ 34,650 $ 34,354 $ 69,004 Daniel P. Wergin(6) Director $ 7,341 — $ 7,341 78 Table of Contents (1) All directors received the amount of cash compensation to which they were entitled under the Board Compensation Plan, as described in the paragraphs directly preceding this Director Compensation Table in the section entitled “2008 Director Compensation.” The 2007 Board Compensation Plan was declared effective October 24, 2007 and was terminated on March 11, 2009. (2) Represents the amounts expensed for financial statement reporting purposes for the year ended December 31, 2007, in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123(R), Share-Based Payment (“SFAS No. 123(R)”), for outstanding option awards granted to directors during 2008. The assumptions used to determine the valuation of the awards are discussed in Note 20 to our consolidated financial statements, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. On December 31, 2008, the aggregate number of option awards outstanding for each non-employee director was as follows: James M. Lindstrom, 0; Charles H. Beynon, 35,000; William M. Barrett, 25,000; Terence P. Fox, 0 and David P. Reiland, 25,000. The grant date fair value of each such stock awards was as follows: Mr. Beynon, 25,000 shares at $8.00 per share on October 24, 2007 and 10,000 shares at $9.40 per share on April 13, 2008; Mr. Barrett, 25,000 shares at $8.00 per share on October 24, 2007 and Mr. Reiland, 25,000 shares at $10.25 per share on April 16, 2008. (3) Mr. Brickner served on our Board of Directors until his resignation in April 2008. (4) Individual elected to defer Board of Director fees. We maintain a deferred compensation plan for certain key employees and nonemployee directors, whereby certain wages earned, compensation for services rendered, and discretionary company-matching contributions are deferred and deemed to be invested in our common stock. Changes in the fair value of the plan liability are recorded as charges or credits to compensation expense. The fair value of the plan liability to us is included in accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. (5) Mr. Barrett served on our Board of Directors until his resignation in February 2009. (6) Mr. Wergin served on our Board of Directors until his resignation in January 2008. COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS The following Compensation Discussion and Analysis describes the material elements of our compensation practices for its named executive officers. For 2008, our named executive officers consist of the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and the three other executive officers who received the highest amount of total compensation in 2008. For purposes of this section, “named executive officers” refers to Mr. J. Cameron Drecoll, Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Lars Moller, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Robert A. Paxton, Senior Vice President, Human Resources, and Mr. J.D. Rubin, Vice President and General Counsel. Mr. Matthew J. Gadow served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for a portion of 2008 and Mr. Steven A. Huntington also served as Chief Financial Officer for a portion of 2008 and have also been included in this Compensation Discussion and Analysis. Mr. Stephen E. Graham was appointed as our Interim Chief Financial Officer effective April 30, 2009. Mr. Graham’s interim appointment was for a period of three months from his date of hire, during which he will be paid $20,000 per month. 79 Table of Contents Role of Compensation Consultant Pursuant to the terms of its charter, the Compensation Committee has the authority to retain independent advisors to assist in carrying out its responsibilities. In August 2008, the Compensation Committee engaged Hewitt Associates LLC (“Hewitt”), an outside global human resources consulting firm, as its independent outside consultant to advise the Compensation Committee on compensation matters. Since being retained, Hewitt has assisted the Compensation Committee with the following: · Development of a formal compensation philosophy; · Development of a custom peer group; · A competitive compensation review with respect to the Chief Executive Officer and other executives; · Development of a formalized total compensation structure taking into consideration the compensation philosophy, market data, and performance goals; · Analysis of outside director compensation; and · Preparation of other analyses and providing advice on other aspects of our executive compensation policies and programs as requested by the Compensation Committee. Role of Executive Officers in Compensation Decisions The Board of Directors, based upon recommendations of the Compensation Committee, makes compensation decisions regarding the executive officers. The Compensation Committee approves equity grant recommendations. However, in making its decisions, the Compensation Committee seeks and considers input from senior management. Senior management regularly participates in the Committee’s activities in the following specific respects: · The Chief Executive Officer reports to the Compensation Committee with respect to his evaluation of the performance of our senior executives, including the other named executive officers. Together with the Senior Vice President, Human Resources, he makes recommendations as to compensation decisions for these individuals, including base salary levels and the amount and mix of incentive awards. · The Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, and the Senior Vice President, Human Resources develop and recommend performance objectives and targets for our incentive compensation programs. The Senior Vice President, Human Resources assists the Chairman of the Compensation Committee in developing meeting agendas and manages the preparation and distribution of pre-meeting informational materials on the matters to be considered. · The Chief Executive Officer, the General Counsel, and the Senior Vice President, Human Resources attend the Compensation Committee’s meetings. Management generally does not attend the executive session of the Compensation Committee. However, there are times when the Compensation Committee requests that the Chief Executive Officer be present for all or a portion of an executive session. Executive Compensation Philosophy and Objectives Until March 2009, we did not have a formalized compensation philosophy or structure adopted by the Board of Directors. Consequently, compensation levels for each member of the executive team were individually negotiated when each was hired. Since the beginning of its engagement in August 2008, Hewitt has worked with the Compensation Committee and management to develop a formalized compensation philosophy. In December 2008, the Compensation Committee approved and adopted a philosophy which is designed to be competitive in nature by providing executives with meaningful rewards, while maintaining alignment with stockholder interests, 80 Table of Contents affordability, corporate values and important management initiatives. The philosophy, approved by the Board of Directors in March 2009, is specifically designed to: · Attract, motivate, and retain highly experienced executives who are vital to our short- and long-term success, profitability, and growth; · Create alignment with executives and stockholders by rewarding executives for the achievement of strategic goals that successfully drive our operations and, thereby, enhance stockholder value; · Differentiate executive rewards based on actual individual and Company performance; and · Provide total compensation levels that are targeted between the 50th to 75th percentiles of competitive market practice based on the list of peer group companies set forth below. To achieve this, base salaries are structured using the 50th percentile of market practice as a guideline, annual bonus opportunities are targeted between the 50th to 75th percentiles of market practice, and long-term incentives are structured using the 50th percentile of market practice as a guideline. In accordance with this philosophy, the Compensation Committee believes that the executive compensation package should consist of cash and equity based compensation, including base salary, annual cash incentives and long-term equity-based incentives. Setting Executive Compensation The Compensation Committee plans to structure our executive compensation plans and programs based on the above stated compensation philosophy and objectives. In furtherance of this, the Compensation Committee asked Hewitt to provide relevant market data as well as alternatives to consider when making compensation decisions for the executive officers. To assist in making compensation decisions, the Compensation Committee worked with Hewitt on developing a peer group of 26 companies whose executive compensation programs would be analyzed for benchmarking purposes. Due to our the specialized business, there are very few direct peers. Therefore, additional critical factors were considered in selecting companies for the peer group including annual revenue, revenue growth, recent IPOs, and industry competitors for talent, customers and investors. Based on these and other factors, the following companies were selected to comprise the custom peer group: Altra Holdings Inc. Esco Technologies Inc. Powell Industries Inc. American Commercial Lines Franklin Electric Co., Inc. RBC Bearings Inc. Ameron International Corp. Gardner Denver Inc. Regal-Beloit Corp. Astec Industries Inc. GE Energy Services Robbins & Myers Inc. Brush Engineered Materials Graco Inc. Texas Industries Inc. Coleman Cable Inc. GT Solar Intl Inc. Titan Machinery Inc. Colfax Corp. Infinera Corp. Valmont Industries Inc. Curtiss-Wright Corp. Opnext Inc. VeraSun Energy Corp. Edison Mission Group Otter Tail Corp. For comparison purposes, our annual revenues are below the median revenues of the peer group of $841 million. Because of the variance in size among the companies comprising the peer group, regression analysis is used to adjust the compensation data for differences in company revenues. This adjusted value is used as the basis of comparison of compensation between the companies in the peer group and us. We use this approach to competitive benchmarking because we believe that our senior executives have skills that are transferable across industries, and this approach allows us to better attract, retain and appropriately reward its executives. 81 Table of Contents Elements of Compensation Overview and Analysis In 2008, the primary components of Broadwind’s compensation program were base salary and annual incentives. Long-term equity incentives were granted to executives on an ad hoc basis, generally in connection with being hired by us, rather than as part of an ongoing, formalized long-term plan. Moving forward, a formalized long-term incentive plan will be incorporated into the overall executive compensation structure. As stated above, each element of Broadwind’s compensation program in 2008 was negotiated with each executive on an individual basis. Starting in 2009, compensation will be delivered through a more formalized compensation structure for each element based, in part, on competitive market levels among our peer group. Components Base Salary We provide named executive officers and other employees with a base salary to compensate them for services rendered during the year. As previously stated, base salaries for 2008 were individually negotiated when each executive was hired. In October 2008, the Compensation Committee reviewed the salaries of Messrs. Moller and Gadow. The Compensation Committee determined that Messrs. Moller and Gadow, both of whom were hired in October 2007 and had concluded their first full year of service at Broadwind, should receive increases in their base salaries. The Compensation Committee based its decision to increase their salaries on individual performance related to the establishment of Broadwind’s corporate structure, acquisition leadership, brand development, operational expansion and the benchmark competitive market data of the peer group companies provided by Hewitt. Mr. Moller’s salary was increased from $250,000 to $350,000 and Mr. Gadow’s base salary was increased from $250,000 to $300,000. The salary increases went into effect on October 23, 2008. Mr. Moller and Mr. Gadow will not be reviewed again for purposes of base salary until after the completion of the 2009 fiscal year. Starting in 2010, they will be reviewed each year at the same time as the other named executive officers. Mr. Drecoll elected not to receive a base salary increase in 2008. In addition, Messrs. Paxton and Rubin became employed by us in 2008 and their respective base salaries were negotiated in connection with their offers of employment with us. Mr. Huntington served as our Chief Financial Officer from April 23, 2007 through April 30, 2008. Effective May 1, 2008, Mr. Huntington began serving as Vice President of Finance of Tower Tech. As of May 1, 2008, Mr. Huntington’s annual base salary was adjusted to $130,000. The following chart summarizes the base salaries for the named executive officers during 2008: Executive Beginning of FY Salary End of FY Salary End of FY Salary Variance from 50 th Percentile of Peer Group J. Cameron Drecoll $ 250,000 $ 250,000 -50.4 % Lars Moller $ 250,000 $ 350,000 -5.7 % Matthew J. Gadow $ 250,000 $ 300,000 +1.2 % Robert A. Paxton N/A $ 245,000 -2.1 % J.D. Rubin N/A $ 215,000 -17.6 % Steven Huntington $ 175,000 $ 130,000 N/A Beginning in 2009, in accordance with the new formalized compensation structure, the Compensation Committee will review base salaries for all named executive officers at the beginning of each year. Annual salary increases will be based on an evaluation of each individual’s performance against goals set forth in a performance appraisal document for each such executive officer and on his or her level of pay compared to that of similarly situated executives in the peer group, as indicated by the market data. Base salary levels will be targeted to approximate the median of the peer group. Actual base salaries may be higher or lower than the median based on 82 Table of Contents skillset, prior experience, external pressures to attract and retain talent, and compensation paid to other executives and otherwise determined by the Board of Directors. Annual Incentives The annual bonus opportunity for named executive officers in 2008 was discretionary and was determined by the Compensation Committee based on the recommendation of the Chief Executive Officer and individual and Company performance criteria established by the Compensation Committee such as integration of acquired subsidiaries, building Broadwind’s corporate structure, building customer and other relationships and establishing our corporate identity. No formal structure was in place and specific bonus targets were not set. Further, certain named executive officers entered into employment agreements with us during the year. The agreements for Messrs. Drecoll, Moller, Gadow, Paxton and Rubin all provide for a bonus as set forth in a written plan or other written arrangement adopted by us. In October 2008, Messrs. Moller and Gadow received bonus payouts upon the completion of their first full year of service with us. The cash awards were granted by the Compensation Committee based on subjective measures regarding the individual performance of each of Messrs. Moller and Gadow as well as our performance related to the establishment of its corporate structure, acquisition leadership, brand development and operational expansion. Mr. Moller had a bonus opportunity of $250,000 stated in his employment agreement and received a bonus payout of $250,000. Mr. Gadow had a bonus opportunity of $250,000 stated in his employment agreement and received a bonus payout of $230,000. In March 2009, Messrs. Paxton and Rubin received bonus payouts upon the completion of the 2008 fiscal year. Mr. Paxton had a 2008 bonus opportunity of $245,000 stated in his employment agreement and was granted a cash award of $120,000 and an award of immediately vested RSUs with an economic value equivalent to $70,000. Mr. Rubin had a 2008 bonus opportunity of $215,000 stated in his employment agreement and was granted an award of immediately vested RSUs with an economic value equivalent to $75,000. The awards were granted by the Compensation Committee based on subjective measures regarding Messrs. Paxton’s and Rubin’s individual performance as well as corporate performance and negotiations that took place in connection with each individual’s respective offer of employment. In addition to the annual bonus awards, Mr. Paxton received a sign-on bonus of $150,000 and Mr. Rubin received a sign-on bonus of $25,000 after starting employment with us. Mr. Drecoll elected not to be considered for an annual bonus award for 2008. Mr. Huntington did not receive an annual bonus award for 2008. On March 11, 2009, the Board of Directors reviewed and approved our Executive Short-Term Incentive Plan (the “STIP”), which is designed to reward senior executives of us and our subsidiaries. As described in greater detail below, any payouts made pursuant to the STIP will be made in 2010 for performance in 2009. Pursuant to the STIP, the Compensation Committee determines which eligible executives participate in the STIP. Under the terms of the STIP, the Compensation Committee administers the STIP with full power and authority and determines categories of incentive awards, based on employment responsibilities, that will be available under the STIP for a given year. The Compensation Committee also establishes a target incentive level (and may, in its discretion, set a minimum, or threshold, level) with respect to each category of incentive award that will apply to participants in the STIP for such year. Unless otherwise determined by the Compensation Committee, all incentive awards under the STIP will be paid in cash. The STIP may be amended or terminated at any time by the Board. The Compensation Committee may, in its sole discretion, reduce or eliminate an incentive award under the plan at any time and for any reason. Structure for 2009 In March 2009, the Board of Directors approved the STIP, which had previously been reviewed and recommended by the Compensation Committee. Under the STIP, executive officers will have an annual target bonus that is a fixed percentage of salary based on our compensation philosophy targeting annual bonus opportunities 83 Table of Contents between the 50th and 75th percentiles of market practice of the peer group companies. For 2009, the targeted amounts for named executive officers range from 70 to 100 percent of base salary, as follows: Named Executive Officer Targeted Annual Incentive (as a percentage of Base Salary) Mr. J. Cameron Drecoll 100 % Mr. Matthew J. Gadow 80 % Mr. Lars Moller 80 % Mr. Robert A. Paxton 70 % Mr. J.D. Rubin 70 % To ensure that annual incentive pay is based on performance, a threshold and maximum payout level will also be established. For performance at threshold level, executives will earn a bonus of 50% of target. For performance at or above maximum level, the payout will be 175% of target. Performance above the threshold level but below the maximum level will earn a bonus of between 50% and 175% of target. For performance below threshold, no bonus will be earned. Each year the Compensation Committee will set incentive goals based upon financial and individual performance. For corporate executives, 80% of the bonus payout will be based on corporate financial measures and 20% on achievement of individual goals and objectives. Key financial metrics in determining 2009 financial performance are Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, Amortization and Share-based Compensation Expense (“EBITDAS”) and EBITDAS Return on Invested Capital (“EBITDAS ROIC”) and the determination of the percentage of the bonus payout levels for financial performance is predicated on achieving certain levels of EBITDAS and EBITDAS ROIC based on our budget projections for 2009. Long-Term Incentives In 2008, we granted stock options and RSUs to some of its named executive officers. Stock options were only granted upon the hiring of the named executive officers. Given the timing of when certain executives were hired in 2008 and the change in economic conditions that immediately followed, many of the initial grants were made at share prices substantially higher than the share price of our common stock underlying such grants, resulting in the grants providing limited retention value. Therefore, in October 2008, the Compensation Committee decided that it was in our best interest to grant RSUs to certain executives for retention purposes. Details of the grants are reported in the Grants of Plan-Based Awards table. In December 2008, the Compensation Committee approved and recommended to the Board of Directors a formalized long-term incentive program that is designed to reward executive officers through stock-based awards for performance over time. The Board of Directors approved the program in March 2009 based upon the recommendation of the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee believes that equity-based compensation ensures that executives have a continuing stake in our long-term success while providing a vehicle to retain highly-experienced executives who are vital to our short- and long-term success, profitability and growth. The long-term incentive program utilizes two different long-term incentive vehicles: stock options and RSUs. Stock options and RSUs were selected in order to deliver market-competitive long-term incentive opportunities that are targeted at the median of the peer group, and to encourage the behaviors and long-term perspective necessary for creating stockholder value. For each long-term incentive program participant, a targeted economic value to be delivered will be determined based on peer group market data. The long-term incentive grant will then be calculated to deliver the targeted economic value evenly between stock options and RSUs. For 2009, the targeted economic value for named executive officers range from 60 to 140% of base salary, as follows: 84 Table of Contents Named Executive Officer Targeted Long-Term Incentive (as a percentage of Base Salary) J. Cameron Drecoll 130 to 140 % Lars Moller 80 to 110 % Matthew J. Gadow 80 to 110 % Robert A. Paxton 60 to 70 % J.D. Rubin 60 to 70 % In April 2009, Messrs. Moller, Paxton and Rubin received grants of 41,356, 21,331 and 18,719 stock options, respectively, pursuant to the long-term incentive program. All such options were granted at a price of $7.78 per share. Such options vest in equal 25% increments in April of 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013. Also in April 2009, Messrs. Moller, Paxton and Rubin received RSUs in the amount of 19,839, 10,233 and 8,980, respectively, also pursuant to the long-term incentive program. Such RSUs vest in equal 25% increments in April of 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013. Stock Options The Compensation Committee selected stock options as a long-term incentive vehicle to: · Align the financial interests of executives with those of stockholders; · Promote the growth of our stock price by offering executives a financial stake; and · Maintain a competitive level of compensation. Grant Size The number of stock options granted will be determined based on delivering 50% of the long-term economic value of each named executive officer’s long-term incentive award, as approved by the Compensation Committee. The actual number of stock options granted to each named executive officer will be determined using a Black-Scholes option valuation methodology. Grant Timing and Price In 2009 stock option long-term incentive grants were reviewed, discussed and approved at a regularly scheduled Compensation Committee meeting in the second quarter of 2009. Starting in 2010, stock option long-term incentive grants will be reviewed, discussed and approved annually at a regularly scheduled Board of Directors or Compensation Committee meeting during the first quarter of the year or such other time determined by the Board of Directors or Compensation Committee. The exercise price of each stock option will be based on the closing stock trading price on the date of grant. Grant Design Stock options will generally vest 25% per year over a four-year period and have a term of ten years. Prior to the exercise of an option, the holder will have no rights as a stockholder with respect to the shares subject to such option, including voting rights and the right to receive dividends or dividend equivalents. Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) The Compensation Committee selected RSUs as a long-term incentive vehicle to: · Retain key executives who are vital our short- and long-term success; · Promote higher levels of Company stock ownership by executives; and · Encourage long-term planning by the senior leadership team. Grant Size The number of RSU grants will be determined based on delivering 50 percent of the long-term economic value of each named executive officer’s long-term incentive award, as approved by the Compensation Committee. The actual number of RSU grants to each named executive officer will be determined using a methodology that applies a discount for risks of forfeiture and vesting restrictions. 85 Table of Contents Grant Timing and Design In 2009 RSU long-term incentive grants were reviewed, discussed and approved at a regularly scheduled Compensation Committee meeting in the second quarter of 2009. Starting in 2010, RSU long-term incentive grants will be reviewed, discussed and approved annually at a regularly scheduled Board of Directors or Compensation Committee meeting during the first quarter of the year or such other time determined by the Board of Directors or Compensation Committee. RSUs will generally vest 25 percent per year over a four-year period. Retirement Plans Effective January 1, 2009, we replaced all of our defined contribution 401(k) retirement savings plans with one defined contribution 401(k) safe harbor plan covering substantially all of our non-union employees. Under the new plan, an eligible employee may elect to contribute a portion of their salary on a pre-tax basis, subject to federal statutory limitations. The plan requires us to make basic matching contributions equal to 100% of the first 3% of the eligible participant’s plan compensation contributed as elective deferral contributions and 50% of the next 2% of the eligible participant’s plan compensation contributed as an elective deferral contribution. Under the plan, elective deferrals and basic company matching will be 100% vested at all times. Severance and Change-of-Control Provisions Our employment agreements with each of the named executive officers contain severance and change of control provisions. These are more fully described below under “Potential Payments Upon Termination of Employment or Change of Control.” The severance provisions are intended to protect senior executives from the loss of reasonably expected compensation and benefits if (i) the executive is terminated by us without cause or (ii) the executive terminates his or her employment with us for good reason. We believe the change of control provisions are in the best interests of stockholders by assuring that we will have the continued dedication of the executives in the event of a pending, threatened or actual change of control. The provisions are also intended to provide our executives with incentives to obtain the highest possible value in the event of a future acquisition of the Company, despite the risk of losing employment and the opportunity to vest in their equity awards. Health Benefits In 2008, we paid for 100% of the named executive officers’ premiums for medical coverage. For all other employees, we paid either 100% or 75% of the premiums for medical coverage, depending on the subsidiary of the Company with which they were employed. Starting in 2009, all employees, including the named executive officers, must contribute 25% of the cost of medical coverage premiums to participate in the medical plan. Stock Ownership Guidelines Currently, we do not have any stock ownership guidelines in place. Tax Deductibility of Executive Compensation Section 162(m) of the IRC limits to $1,000,000 per year the deduction that a publicly held corporation may take for compensation paid to each of its chief executive officer and the three other most highly compensated employees other than the chief financial officer. An exception to this rule exists for compensation that is “performance-based,” as defined in the IRC. Annual incentive awards are not currently structured to be “performance-based” for IRC purposes. Long-term incentive awards (the stock options) are designed to be “performance-based” for purposes of Section 162(m) and would not be subject to the deductibility limit. However, salaries, service-based RSUs, special employment and retention incentives, and special annual bonus payments do not qualify as “performance-based” compensation for this purpose. Although the Compensation Committee’s policy is to structure compensation arrangements when possible in a manner that will avoid limits on deductibility, it is not a primary objective of our compensation program. In the 86 Table of Contents view of the Compensation Committee, meeting the objectives stated above is more important than the ability to deduct the compensation for tax purposes. Employment Agreements John Cameron Drecoll was appointed as our Chief Executive Officer and a director on October 19, 2007, in connection with completion of the Brad Foote acquisition. Mr. Drecoll’s employment agreement, which has a three-year term, provides for an annual base salary of $250,000, subject to review and upward adjustment by the Board on at least an annual basis. In addition, Mr. Drecoll will be eligible each year during the term of the employment agreement for an annual bonus based on individual and Company performance criteria to be established by the Board. Steven A. Huntington served as Broadwind’s Chief Financial Officer from April 2007 to May 2008. Mr. Huntington was appointed to the position of Chief Financial Officer effective April 23, 2007, pursuant to a two-year employment agreement. Mr. Huntington’s employment agreement originally provided for an annual base salary of $130,000, which the Board increased to $175,000 per annum on October 24, 2007. The employment agreement provided that Broadwind would pay supplemental and bonus compensation to Mr. Huntington as the parties mutually agreed, commensurate with industry standards. In addition, under the terms of his employment agreement, we reimbursed Mr. Huntington for $32,213 of relocation expenses during 2007. Mr. Huntington’s employment agreement was terminated by mutual consent of the parties effective May 1, 2008, and as of that date he began serving as Vice President of Finance of Tower Tech with an adjusted base salary of $130,000. Lars Moller was hired on October 22, 2007 to serve as Executive Vice President of Business Development and was appointed on March 26, 2008 to be our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer effective immediately. Mr. Moller’s employment agreement has a three-year term with automatic renewal for successive one-year periods and provides for an annual base salary of $350,000, which is subject to review and adjustment at least annually, except that no adjustment shall be made prior to March 1, 2010. In addition, for 2008, Mr. Moller was eligible for an annual bonus in accordance with goals as mutually agreed upon in advance between Mr. Moller and us. For 2009 and thereafter, Mr. Moller will be eligible for an annual bonus as set forth in a written plan or other arrangement adopted by us. Matthew J. Gadow was hired on October 22, 2007 to serve as Executive Vice President of Strategic Planning and was appointed on March 26, 2008 to be our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer effective May 1, 2008. Mr. Gadow’s employment agreement has a three-year term with automatic renewal for successive one-year periods and provides for an annual base salary of $300,000, which is subject to review and adjustment at least annually, except that no adjustment shall be made prior to March 1, 2010. In addition, for 2008, Mr. Gadow was eligible for an annual bonus in accordance with goals as mutually agreed upon in advance between Mr. Gadow and us. For 2009 and thereafter, Mr. Gadow will be eligible for an annual bonus as set forth in a written plan or other arrangement adopted by us. On April 30, 2009, we and Mr. Gadow entered into a Separation Agreement (the “Separation Agreement”). Pursuant to the Separation Agreement, Mr. Gadow resigned from each of his positions with us effective as of the close of business on April 30, 2009. Under the Separation Agreement, we will make aggregate payments to Mr. Gadow in the gross amount of $225,000 which will be paid over 9 months. The Separation Agreement also provides for: (i) the extended exercisability of 80,000 currently vested stock options until January 31, 2010; (ii) Company-provided COBRA payments for up to 12 months; and (iii) outplacement services for up to 12 months. The Separation Agreement also reaffirms the restricted covenants contained in Mr. Gadow’s employment agreement, but reduces certain restriction periods from 18 months to 9 months. Stephen E. Graham was appointed as our Interim Chief Financial Officer effective April 30, 2009. Mr. Graham’s interim appointment was for a period of three months from his date of hire, during which he will be paid $20,000 per month. Robert A. Paxton was hired on June 30, 2008 to serve as Senior Vice President, Human Resources. Mr. Paxton’s employment agreement has a two-year term with automatic renewal for successive one-year periods and provides for an annual base salary of $245,000, which is subject to review and adjustment by us at least 87 Table of Contents annually. In addition, for 2008, Mr. Paxton was eligible for an annual bonus in accordance with goals as mutually agreed upon in advance between Mr. Paxton and us. For 2009 and thereafter, Mr. Paxton will be eligible for an annual bonus as set forth in a written plan or other arrangement adopted by us. J.D. Rubin was hired on June 30, 2008 to serve as Vice President and General Counsel. Mr. Rubin’s employment agreement has a two-year term with automatic renewal for successive one-year periods and provides for an annual base salary of $215,000, which is subject to review and adjustment by us at least annually. In addition, for 2008, Mr. Rubin was eligible for an annual bonus in accordance with goals as mutually agreed upon in advance between Mr. Rubin and us. For 2009 and thereafter, Mr. Rubin will be eligible for an annual bonus as set forth in a written plan or other arrangement adopted by us. Termination of Employment Agreements The employment agreements of Messrs. Drecoll, Moller, Paxton and Rubin provide that the terms may be shortened as follows: (i) by Broadwind for “cause” (as defined in the employment agreement), if the employee fails to cure the reasons that constitute “cause” within thirty calendar days of receiving notice from us; (ii) by Broadwind without “cause” upon thirty calendar days’ written notice; or (iii) by the employee for “good reason” (as defined in the employment agreement), if Broadwind fails to cure the reasons that constitute “good reason” within thirty calendar days of receiving notice from the employee. The employment agreement of Mr. Drecoll provides that he will receive his base salary for a period of twelve months, plus other benefits for which he is eligible, if he is terminated without “cause” within one year of a “change of control” (as defined in the agreement). If the employment of Mr. Drecoll is terminated without “cause” or if he terminates his employment for “good reason,” Broadwind will be obligated to pay to him his base salary for the remainder of the agreement’s three-year term, or a period of twelve months, whichever is greater, plus other benefits for which he is eligible. The employment agreement of Mr. Moller provides that he will receive his base salary for a period of thirty-six months, plus other benefits for which he is eligible, if he is terminated without “cause” within one year of a “change of control” (as defined in the agreement). The employment agreements of Mr. Paxton and Mr. Rubin provide that the executives would receive their base salaries for a period of twenty-four months, plus other benefits for which they are eligible, if they are terminated without “cause” within one year of a “change of control” (as defined in the agreement). If the employment of Mr. Moller, Mr. Paxton or Mr. Rubin is terminated without “cause” or for “good reason,” Broadwind would be obligated to pay the employee’s then-current base salary for a period of eighteen months, plus other benefits for which they are eligible. Our executives’ employment agreements also contain non-competition, non-solicitation and confidentiality provisions. Mr. Drecoll’s employment agreement includes non-competition and non-solicitation covenants that continue for two years after termination of employment. The non-competition and non-solicitation provisions in the employment agreements of Messrs. Moller, Paxton and Rubin continue for eighteen months after termination of employment. All of the agreements include provisions regarding confidentiality. Mr. Gadow’s employment agreement contained termination, non-competition, non-solicitation and confidentiality provisions similar to those described above in the employment agreements of Messrs. Moller, Paxton and Rubin. As described above, on April 30, 2009, we and Mr. Gadow entered into the Separation Agreement , pursuant to which Mr. Gadow resigned from each of his positions with us effective as of the close of business on April 30, 2009. Under the Separation Agreement, we will make aggregate payments to Mr. Gadow in the gross amount of $225,000 which will be paid over 9 months. The Separation Agreement also provides for: (i) the extended exercisability of 80,000 currently vested stock options until January 31, 2010; (ii) Company-provided COBRA payments for up to 12 months; and (iii) outplacement services for up to 12 months. The Separation Agreement also reaffirms the restricted covenants contained in Mr. Gadow’s employment agreement, but reduces certain restriction periods from 18 months to 9 months. 88 Table of Contents 2008 Summary Compensation Table The table below sets forth certain information regarding annual and long-term compensation awarded, earned or paid for services in all capacities to our named executive officers for the years ended December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007. Named executive officers include persons serving as principal executive officer during 2008, principal financial officer during 2008, executive officers who were serving as of December 31, 2008, received total compensation in excess of $100,000 for 2008 and, excluding the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, were among our three most highly compensated individuals (the “Most Highly Compensated Officers”), and additional individuals who would have been included as the Most Highly Compensated Officers but for the fact they were not serving in such capacity at the end of the year. Name and Principal Position Year Salary ($) Bonus(1) ($) Stock Awards(2) ($) Option Awards(3) ($) All Other Compensation(4) ($) Total ($) J. Cameron Drecoll(5) 2008 $ 250,000 — (6) — — $ 44,798 $ 294,798 Chief Executive Officer 2007 $ 52,083 — — — — $ 52,083 Matthew J. Gadow(7) 2008 $ 262,822 $ 230,000 $ 53,365 $ 397,600 $ 69,875 $ 1,013,662 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 2007 $ 37,212 — — $ 59,235 — $ 96,447 Lars Moller(8) 2008 $ 266,154 $ 250,000 $ 53,365 $ 497,000 $ 62,481 $ 1,129,000 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 2007 $ 48,077 — — $ 74,044 $ 24,463 $ 146,584 Robert A. Paxton 2008 $ 117,788 $ 340,000 (10) $ 11,146 $ 82,275 $ 192,558 (12) $ 743,767 Senior Vice President, Human Resources 2007 — — — — — — J.D. Rubin 2008 $ 103,365 $ 100,000 (11) $ 11,146 $ 82,275 $ 11,117 $ 307,903 Vice President and General Counsel 2007 — — — — — — Steven A. Huntington(9) 2008 $ 148,173 $ 0 $ 53,365 $ 28,300 $ 25,001 $ 254,839 Chief Financial Officer 2007 $ 98,307 — — $ 8,440 $ 35,200 (13) $ 106,747 (1) Bonuses awarded in 2008 were based on executive and Company performance as determined at the discretion of the Compensation Committee. The Board of Directors has approved a formalized annual incentive structure for 2009, as described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis. Included in Messrs. Paxton’s and Rubin’s 2008 bonus totals are sign-on bonuses of $150,000 and $25,000, respectively. (2) Represents the amounts recognized for financial statement reporting purposes for each year in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123(R), Share-Based Payment (SFAS No. 123(R)), for RSU awards granted under the 2007 Plan during 2008, assuming no forfeitures. No awards were made under the 2007 Plan prior to 2007. The assumptions used to determine the valuation of the 2008 awards are discussed in Note 20 to our consolidated financial statements, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. See the table entitled “Outstanding Equity Awards at 2008 Year End” and the narrative discussion entitled “Material Terms of Equity Awards” for further information regarding equity awards. (3) Represents the amounts recognized for financial statement reporting purposes for each year in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123(R), Share-Based Payment (SFAS No. 123(R)), 89 Table of Contents for outstanding option awards granted under the 2007 Plan during 2008 and 2007, assuming no forfeitures. No awards were made under the 2007 Plan prior to 2007. The assumptions used to determine the valuation of the 2008 awards are discussed in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and in Note 20 to our consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 and in Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2007. See the table entitled “Outstanding Equity Awards at 2008 Year End” and the narrative discussion entitled “Material Terms of Equity Awards” for further information regarding equity awards. (4) Please see the Details Behind All Other Compensation Column table, a separate table provided for additional information regarding these amounts. (5) Mr. Drecoll became Chief Executive Officer of Broadwind in October 2007, in connection with Broadwind’s acquisition of Brad Foote. (6) Mr. Drecoll elected not to be considered for a bonus in 2008. (7) Mr. Gadow was hired as Executive Vice President of Strategic Planning in October 2007. On March 26, 2008, he was appointed to the position of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective May 1, 2008. (8) Mr. Moller was hired as Executive Vice President of Business Development in October 2007. On March 26, 2008, he was appointed to the position of Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, effective immediately. (9) Mr. Huntington was hired as Chief Financial Officer in August 2007 and served in such capacity until May 1, 2008, on which date Mr. Gadow was appointed to that position. Mr. Huntington continues to serve as the Vice President of Finance of Tower Tech. (10) Mr. Paxton’s bonus includes a $150,000 sign-on bonus, a $120,000 cash bonus paid in March 2009 and $70,000 of immediately vesting RSUs granted in March 2009 as part of his 2008 bonus payment. (11) Mr. Rubin’s bonus includes a $25,000 sign-on bonus and $75,000 of immediately vesting RSUs granted in March 2009 as part of his 2008 bonus payment. (12) Includes $154,002 that was prefunded to a third party relocation service by us in connection with our guaranteed buyout of Mr. Paxton’s home. As of December 31, 2008, $4,039 was paid out of the prefunded account established with the third party relocation service. Depending on the sale price of Mr. Paxton’s home, we may recover a portion of the prefunded amount. (13) Includes $32,213 of reimbursement for relocation. Details Behind All Other Compensation Column The following table sets forth details concerning the information in the “All Other Compensation” column in the above 2008 Summary Compensation Table. 90 Table of Contents Name (a) Registrant Contributions to Defined Contribution Plans (b)(1) Health Insurance Premiums (c)(2) Life/ Disability Insurance Premiums (d)(3) Relocation Support (e)(4) Total (f) J. Cameron Drecoll $ 833 $ 20,901 $ 23,064 $ 0 $ 44,798 Matthew J. Gadow $ 7,584 $ 20,901 $ 1,405 $ 39,985 $ 69,875 Lars Moller $ 0 $ 20,901 $ 1,955 $ 39,625 $ 62,481 Robert A. Paxton $ 0 $ 10,451 $ 702 $ 181,405 $ 192,558 J.D. Rubin $ 496 $ 10,451 $ 170 $ 0 $ 11,117 Steven A. Huntington $ 2,695 $ 20,901 $ 1,405 $ 0 $ 25,001 (1) Represents the 401(k) match the executive received from us. (2) Represents the contribution by us to medical and dental insurance premiums. (3) Represents the contribution by us to life insurance, long-term disability insurance and accidental death and dismemberment insurance premiums. (4) Represents our expense related to executive relocation support. 91 Table of Contents Grants of Plan-Based Awards for 2008 The following table sets forth information concerning plan-based awards to the named executive officers during 2008 as well as estimated future payouts under such plans. All Other Stock Awards: Number of All Other Option Awards: Exercise Grant Date Fair Value Estimated Future Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards(1) Estimated Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards Shares of Stock or Number of Securities Underlying or Base Price of Option of Stock and Name (a) Grant Date (b) Threshold ($) (c) Target ($) (d) Maximum ($) (e) Threshold (#) (f) Target (#) (g) Maximum (#) (h) Units (#) (i)(2) Options (#) (j)(3) Awards ($/Sh) (k)(4) Option Awards ($)(l)(5) J. Cameron Drecoll — — — — — — — — — — Matthew J. Gadow — — — — — — — — — — Lars Moller — — — — — — — — — — Robert A. Paxton 7/2/08 — — — — — — — 75,000 18.20 822,750 10/17/08 — — — — — — 25,000 — — 267,500 J.D. Rubin 7/2/08 — — — — — — — 75,000 18.20 822,750 10/17/08 — — — — — — 25,000 — — 267,500 Steven A. Huntington — — — — — — — — — — (1) Bonuses awarded in 2008 were based on executive and Company performance as determined at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors has approved a formalized annual incentive structure for 2009, as described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis. (2) This column reflects the number of time-vested shares of RSU awards granted to each of the named executive officers during 2008 under the 2007 Employee Incentive Compensation Plan. These restricted stock awards vest ratably in five annual installments. (3) This column reflects the number of stock options granted in 2008 to the named executive officers. These options vest and become exercisable ratably in five annual installments. (4) This column reflects the exercise price for the stock options granted, which was the closing price of Broadwind Common Stock on each of the respective grant dates. (5) This column reflects the grant date fair value of the restricted stock and stock options granted to the named executive officers in 2008. Amounts are calculated in accordance with the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (“SFAS”) No. 123R, Share-Based Payment . See note 20 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 for information regarding the assumptions used in the valuation of equity awards. 92 Table of Contents Outstanding Equity Awards at 2008 Year End The following table sets forth information concerning unexercised options, stock that has not vested, and equity incentive plan awards for each named executive officer outstanding as of December 31, 2008. Option Awards Stock Awards Name (a) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable (#) (b) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable (#) (c) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) (d) Option Exercise Price ($) (e) Option Expiration Date (f) Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) (g) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ($) (h)(6) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) (i) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ($) (j) J. Cameron Drecoll — — — — — — — — — Matthew J. Gadow(1) 80,000 320,000 — 8.10 10/22/2017 2,500 (4) 11,250 — — Lars Moller(1) 100,000 400,000 — 8.10 10/22/2017 2,500 (4) 11,250 — — Robert A. Paxton(2) — 75,000 — 18.20 7/2/2018 25,000 (5) 112,500 — — J.D. Rubin(2) — 75,000 — 18.20 7/2/2018 25,000 (5) 112,500 — — Steven A. Huntington(3) 10,000 40,000 — 4.60 8/20/2017 2,500 (4) 11,250 — — (1) Stock options granted on October 22, 2007, vest in five equal installments on October 22, 2008, October 22, 2009, October 22, 2010, October 22, 2011, and October 22, 2012. (2) Stock options granted on July 2, 2008, vest in five equal installments on July 2, 2009, July 2, 2010, July 2, 2011, July 2, 2012, and July 2, 2013. (3) Stock options granted on August 20, 2007, vest in five equal installments on August 20, 2008, August 20, 2009, August 20, 2010, August 20, 2011, and August 20, 2012. (4) 50% of the RSUs vested upon the consummation of our acquisition of Energy Maintenance Service, LLC on January 16, 2008. The remaining 50% of the RSUs vested one year from the consummation of such acquisition, January 16, 2009. (5) RSUs granted on October 17, 2008, vest in five equal installments on October 17, 2009, October 17, 2010, October 17, 2011, October 17, 2012, and October 17, 2013. (6) Column (h) based on December 31, 2008 closing market price of $4.50. 93 Table of Contents Option Exercises and Stock Vested at 2008 Year End The following table sets forth information concerning stock options exercised and stock vested at the end of 2008. Option Awards Stock Awards Name (a) Number of Shares Acquired on Exercise (#) (b) Value Realized(1) on Exercise ($) (c) Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting (#) (d) Value Realized on Vesting ($) (e) J. Cameron Drecoll — — — — Matthew J. Gadow — — 2,500 27,250 Lars Moller — — 2,500 27,250 Robert A. Paxton — — — — J.D. Rubin — — — — Steven A. Huntington — — 2,500 27,250 (1) Value realized was calculated based on the number of shares multiplied by $10.90 closing market price of our stock on the date of vesting, January 16, 2008. Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control The following table sets forth information concerning potential payments due to our named executive officers in the event of their termination and/or a change in control of Broadwind. Actual Payments Name Severance Pro Rata Target Bonus Payment Stock Option Restricted Stock LTI Plan Parachute Retirement Benefit Welfare Benefits Outplace- ment Excise Tax Liability Aggregate Payments J. Cameron Drecoll $ 250,000 $ 0 $ 0 $ 0 $ 0 $ 0 $ 20,902 $ 0 $ 0 $ 270,902 Matthew J. Gadow 600,000 — — 11,250 — — 31,353 — (87,443 ) 555,160 Lars Moller 1,050,000 — — 11,250 — — 31,353 — (171,122 ) 921,481 Robert A. Paxton 490,000 — — 112,500 — — 31,353 — — 633,853 J.D. Rubin 430,000 — — 112,500 — — 31,353 — — 573,853 Total $ 2,820,000 $ 0 $ 0 $ 247,500 $ 0 $ 0 $ 146,314 $ 0 $ (258,564 ) $ 2,955,248 See “Termination of Employment Agreements” above for more information regarding potential payments due to our named executive officers in the event of their termination and/or a change in control of Broadwind. CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS AND BUSINESS RELATIONSHIPS Under our charter and applicable provisions of our Code of Ethics, the Audit Committee has the responsibility to review transactions that are considered “related party transactions” under Rule 404 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act and to assess whether such transactions meet applicable legal requirements. Directors who believe that they may be related parties in transactions with us will inform the Board of Directors or Audit Committee of such belief and provide all relevant information. In accordance with Delaware law, the transaction must be approved or ratified in good faith by the Board of Directors or Audit Committee by a majority vote of disinterested directors, be approved in good faith by a vote of stockholders sufficient for the purpose, or be fair to us 94 Table of Contents at the time the transaction is approved or ratified. In addition, under applicable law, a transaction would not be void or voidable solely because it was with a related party, the related party was present at or participated in a meeting of the Board of Directors or Audit Committee in which the transaction was approved or the related party’s vote was counted for such purpose, if the material facts as to the related party’s relationship or interest as to the transaction are disclosed or known to the Board of Directors or Audit Committee or to the stockholders entitled to vote thereon. Certain Transactions and Business Relationships Indebtedness of Founding Stockholders to Company At December 31, 2007, the Founding Stockholders owed us an aggregate of $282,000, which represents amounts paid by Broadwind on behalf of the Founding Stockholders in connection with a finders’ fee for the March 2007 sale of stock by each of the stockholders to TCP and TMF. We wrote off this amount in the fourth quarter of 2008 and no longer consider it a receivable. Tontine Financing Agreements On January 16, 2008, in accordance with an amended and restated securities purchase agreement that was executed on January 3, 2008 (the “January 2008 Agreement”), Broadwind completed a private placement to TP and T25. TP and T25 purchased an aggregate of 2,031,250 shares of Broadwind common stock at $8.48 per share for a total purchase price of $17,225. Broadwind used the proceeds to finance the acquisition of Energy Maintenance Service, LLC. On April 24, 2008, in accordance with a securities purchase agreement that was executed on April 22, 2008, Broadwind completed the first of two installments of a private placement to TCP, TP, TOF and T25, at which TP, TOF and T25 purchased an aggregate of 5,025,126 shares of Broadwind common stock at $7.96 per share for a total purchase price of approximately $40,000,000. TCP also agreed to purchase at a subsequent date an additional 7,537,688 shares of Broadwind common stock at $7.96 per share for a total purchase price of approximately $60,000,000. TCP purchased such shares on June 5, 2008. Broadwind used a majority of the proceeds for general working capital requirements, capital expansion projects and its acquisition of Badger Transport, Inc. On April 24, 2008, TP, TMF and TOF each converted the original principal amount of their respective senior subordinated convertible promissory notes issued in October 2007 into newly issued shares of Broadwind common stock at a conversion rate of $7.50 per share. Upon conversion, TP received 1,652,996 shares, TMF received 601,472 shares and TOMF received 1,078,864 shares. In March 2007, we entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (as amended, the “Tontine Registration Rights Agreement”) with TCP and TOF. The Tontine Registration Rights Agreement was subsequently amended on October 19, 2007, July 18, 2008, September 12, 2008 and October 31, 2008. Pursuant to the Tontine Registration Rights Agreement, we have agreed to register Tontine’s shares for resale and have provided Tontine with certain demand and piggyback registration rights. The amendment to the Tontine Registration Rights Agreement dated October 31, 2008 extended the deadline for our obligation to file a registration statement to December 31, 2008. On January 9, 2009, Tontine executed a Waiver (the “Waiver”) relating to the Registration Rights Agreement. The Waiver waived the requirement that we file a registration statement to register shares held by Tontine (the “Tontine Registration Statement”) no later than December 31, 2008 and extended the deadline for our obligation to file the Tontine Registration Statement to March 31, 2009. On April 15, 2009, Tontine provided written notice to us with a demand that we file the Tontine Registration Statement as soon as possible and reserving all of Tontine’s rights under the Tontine Registration Rights Agreement. Brad Foote Registration Rights Agreement In connection with our acquisition of Brad Foote, we entered into a registration rights agreement with the former owners of Brad Foote which provides the former owners with certain demand and piggyback registration rights. 95 Table of Contents Agreements with City Centre, LLC The manufacturing facilities for our Tower Tech and RBA subsidiaries are leased pursuant to agreements with City Centre, LLC (“City Centre”), a limited liability company owned 25% by the Brickner Family Partnership and 75% by Peninsula Investments, LLC. The Brickner Family Partnership is owned and controlled by Raymond L. Brickner III, who was our President and a member of our Board of Directors until his retirement in April 2008. Peninsula Investments, LLC is comprised of two members, each owning 50%, which are entities controlled by Daniel P. Wergin and Christopher C. Allie. Messrs. Wergin and Allie were members of our Board of Directors until their resignations in June 2007 and January 2008, respectively. The lease between Tower Tech and City Centre was originally negotiated in 2005, and amended in December 2007. As amended, the lease provides for monthly rent of $42,000, expires on December 31, 2014, and has five 5-year options to renew. Rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 was $508,000 and $410,000, respectively. Accrued rent payable to City Centre totaled $0 and $117,000 at December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. RBA negotiated its lease with City Centre in June 2007, prior to the acquisition of RBA by Broadwind. The lease calls for monthly rent of $8,000. Rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 was $101,000 and $25,000, respectively. On December 26, 2007, Tower Tech executed an additional Lease Agreement with City Centre, the premises of which is a storage facility in Manitowoc, Wisconsin (the “Storage Facility Lease”). The Storage Facility Lease provides that Tower Tech will assume the tenant’s interest in a preexisting lease between City Centre and a third party. The prior tenant continued to pay rent through May 31, 2008, but Tower Tech was liable for 2008 real estate taxes and interest due on a $200 advance from City Centre to that tenant for leasehold improvements. The term of the Lease is 15 years, and monthly rent is $19. Rent expense for the year ended December 31, 2008 was $130,000. Management believes that the terms of the agreements with City Center are consistent with those that could have been obtained in lease agreements with unrelated third parties. Brad Foote Lease Agreements and Real Property Purchases In February 2008, Brad Foote completed the purchase of two real estate parcels located in Cicero, Illinois and Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Brad Foote previously leased these properties for a portion of the year ended December 31, 2008 pursuant to a lease agreements dated August 22, 2007. Brad Foote acquired the Cicero property from BFG Cicero LLC, an Illinois limited liability company (“BFG Cicero”) and acquired the Pittsburgh property from BFG Pittsburgh LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company (“BFG Pittsburgh”) pursuant to two Real Property Purchase Agreements that were executed on February 14, 2008 and effective February 11, 2008 (together, the “Purchase Agreements”). The sole member of each of BFG Cicero and BFG Pittsburgh is BFG Acquisition LLC, an Illinois limited liability company whose sole member is the wife of one of the directors and our Chief Executive Officer. The Purchase Agreements were entered into pursuant to 90-day options to purchase contained in each Lease Agreement. The options to purchase provided that Brad Foote could acquire the properties upon the terms of the Purchase Agreements, which were attached to the Lease Agreements as addenda. Broadwind negotiated the Lease Agreements and the Purchase Agreements with the LLCs in connection with Broadwind’s agreement to acquire Brad Foote in August 2007. Brad Foote was formerly owned by Broadwind’s Chief Executive Officer and director, J. Cameron Drecoll, and Brad Foote was acquired by Broadwind in an arms’ length transaction. On December 13, 2007, Brad Foote provided notice of its intent to exercise its options to purchase the real estate parcels for $3,400,000, plus closing costs, as provided in the Purchase Agreements. Subsequent to such notice, and following approval by Brad Foote’s disinterested directors, the parties agreed to reimburse the LLCs at closing for certain costs totaling $154,000, which the LLCs had incurred in connection with their purchase and sale of the properties. The total cost of the transactions, including aggregate closing costs of $80,000 and the reimbursement of $154,000 to the LLCs, was $3,634,000. 96 Table of Contents Please refer to Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 for further discussion of the leases and consolidated variable interest entities, and for discussion of the acquisition of these properties. Director Financing Agreement On April 24, 2008, in accordance with a securities purchase agreement that was executed on April 22, 2008 (the “Beynon SPA”), Broadwind completed a private placement to Mr. Charles H. Beynon, who is a director and a member of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Mr. Beynon purchased 62,814 shares of Broadwind common stock at $7.96 per share for a total purchase price of approximately $500,000. Broadwind will use the proceeds of the Beynon SPA along with the proceeds from the April 2008 Agreement with Tontine for general working capital requirements, capital expansion projects and to undertake certain acquisitions. Tax Payments in connection with Acquisition of Brad Foote In June 2008, we reimbursed the former owners of Brad Foote, including J. Cameron Drecoll, one of our directors and our Chief Executive Officer (together, the “Brad Foote Selling Shareholders”), for the Section 338(h)(10) elections made by such former owners in the aggregate amount of approximately $2,800,000 pursuant to the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of August 22, 2007 pursuant to which Brad Foote was acquired by us (the “Brad Foote Purchase Agreement”). Pursuant to a Settlement Agreement with the Brad Foote Selling Shareholders, we have agreed to make additional payments in respect of certain tax obligations incurred in connection with our acquisition of Brad Foote as described below under “—Release of Brad Foote Acquisition Escrow Fund.” Release of Brad Foote Acquisition Escrow Fund On May 26, 2009, we and Brad Foote entered into a Settlement Agreement with the Brad Foote Selling Shareholders (the “Settlement Agreement”), pursuant to which the parties thereto agreed to a release of the escrow fund established in connection with our acquisition of Brad Foote. Under the Settlement Agreement, the parties agreed that (i) the entire cash balance in the escrow fund (approximately $5,083,000, as of April 30, 2009) will be released to us as soon as practicable, (ii) the 2,500,000 shares of our common stock held in the escrow fund will be released to the Brad Foote Selling Shareholders, including Mr. Drecoll, in proportion to their ownership interest in Brad Foote prior to its acquisition by us, (iii) we will issue promissory notes to certain of the Brad Foote Selling Shareholders in the aggregate amount of $3,000,000 (in the case of Mr. Drecoll, $2,320,000) in respect of certain tax reimbursement obligations arising in connection with our acquisition of Brad Foote, and (iv) we will pay over to Mr. Drecoll, if and when received by the applicable taxing authority, certain tax refunds in the aggregate amount of approximately $2,200,000 relating to our acquisition of Brad Foote and tax payments in respect of the period prior to the acquisition to which we believe the Brad Foote Selling Shareholders may be entitled (or to which we may be entitled on their behalf). The parties to the Settlement Agreement have agreed to release each other from any and all other claims that may arise in connection with our acquisition of Brad Foote under the Brad Foote Purchase Agreement. PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION The selling stockholders and any of their pledgees, donees, transferees, assignees and successors-in-interest may, from time to time, sell any or all of their shares of common stock being offered under this prospectus on any stock exchange, market or trading facility on which shares of our common stock are traded or in private transactions. These sales may be at prevailing market prices or negotiated prices. The selling stockholders may use any one or more of the following methods when disposing of shares: · ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers; · block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the shares as agent but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction; 97 Table of Contents · purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resales by the broker-dealer for its account; · sales on any national securities exchange or quotation service on which the shares are listed or quoted at the time of sale; · sales in the over-the-counter market; · privately negotiated transactions; · to cover short sales made after the date that the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part is declared effective by the SEC; · through the writing of options on the shares, whether or not the options are listed on an options exchange; · through the distribution of the shares by any selling stockholder to its partners, members or shareholders; · one or more underwritten offerings on a firm commitment or best efforts basis; · to cover hedging transactions (other than short sales) made pursuant to this prospectus; · a combination of any of these methods of sale; and · any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law. The shares may also be sold under Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, if available, or in another transaction that is exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, rather than under this prospectus. The selling stockholders have the sole and absolute discretion not to accept any purchase offer or make any sale of shares if they deem the purchase price to be unsatisfactory at any particular time. The selling stockholders may pledge their shares to their brokers under the margin provisions of customer agreements. If a selling security holder defaults on a margin loan, the broker may, from time to time, foreclose on the shares. In the event of a foreclosure, the broker will be considered a selling stockholder under this prospectus. Broker-dealers engaged by the selling stockholders may arrange for other broker-dealers to participate in sales. Broker-dealers may receive commissions or discounts from the selling stockholders (or, if any broker-dealer acts as agent for the purchaser of shares, from the purchaser) in amounts to be negotiated, which commissions as to a particular broker or dealer may be in excess of customary commissions to the extent permitted by applicable law. If sales of shares offered under this prospectus are made to broker-dealers as principals, we would be required to file a post-effective amendment to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. In the post-effective amendment, we would be required to disclose the names of any participating broker-dealers and the compensation arrangements relating to such sales. The selling stockholders and any broker-dealers or agents that are involved in selling the shares offered under this prospectus may be deemed to be “underwriters” within the meaning of the Securities Act in connection with these sales. Commissions received by these broker-dealers or agents and any profit on the resale of the shares purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts under the Securities Act. To the extent required under the Securities Act, any broker-dealers or agents that are deemed to be underwriters may not sell shares offered under this prospectus unless and until we set forth the names of the underwriters and the material details of their underwriting arrangements in a supplement to this prospectus or, if required, in a replacement prospectus included in a post-effective amendment to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. 98 Table of Contents The selling stockholders and any other persons participating in the sale or distribution of the shares offered under this prospectus will be subject to applicable provisions of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations under that act, including Regulation M. These provisions may restrict activities of, and limit the timing of purchases and sales of any of the shares by, the selling stockholders or any other person. Furthermore, under Regulation M, persons engaged in a distribution of securities are prohibited from simultaneously engaging in market making and other activities with respect to those securities for a specified period of time prior to the commencement of such distributions, subject to specified exceptions or exemptions. All of these limitations may affect the marketability of the shares. If any of the shares of common stock offered for sale pursuant to this prospectus are transferred other than pursuant to a sale under this prospectus, then subsequent holders could not use this prospectus until a post-effective amendment or prospectus supplement is filed, naming such holders. We offer no assurance as to whether any of the selling stockholders will sell all or any portion of the shares offered under this prospectus. We have agreed with the selling stockholders in this offering to use our reasonable best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part until the earlier of (i) the date on which all shares of the selling stockholders offered by this prospectus having been sold by the selling stockholders, and (ii) the date on which the selling stockholders may sell all of their shares offered by this prospectus without registration under Rule 144 of the Securities Act without any limitation on the amount of securities that may be sold under Rule 144. We have agreed to pay all fees and expenses we incur incident to the registration of the shares being offered under this prospectus. However, each selling security holder and purchaser is responsible for paying any discounts, commissions and similar selling expenses they incur. We and the selling stockholders have agreed to indemnify one another against certain losses, damages and liabilities arising in connection with this prospectus, including liabilities under the Securities Act. DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK The following descriptions are summaries of material terms of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws as each will be in effect upon the closing of this offering. They may not contain all of the information that is important to you. To understand them fully, you should read our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, the forms of which have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. The following descriptions are qualified in their entirety by reference to the certificate of incorporation and bylaws and to the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law. General Our authorized capital stock consists of 150,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of stock, par value $0.001 per share, which may be designated as one or more series of preferred stock by resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of such series adopted by our Board of Directors. At the completion of this offering, there will be 96,546,782 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. We will have no preferred stock outstanding at the completion of this offering. The number of shares to be outstanding after this offering is based on the number of shares outstanding as of May 6, 2009 and does not include: · 1,483,328 shares that are reserved for issuance pursuant to our incentive award plan; and · 1,932,805 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options outstanding. 99 Table of Contents Common Stock Voting . The holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each outstanding share of common stock owned by that stockholder on every matter properly submitted to the stockholders for their vote. Generally, all matters to be voted on by stockholders must be approved by a majority in voting power of the stock having voting power present in person or represented by proxy. However, questions governed expressly by provisions of the certificate of incorporation, bylaws, applicable stock exchange rules or applicable law require approval as set forth in the applicable governing document, stock exchange rule or law. The election of directors shall be by plurality vote, and there is no cumulative voting for the election of directors. Dividend Rights. The holders of common stock will be entitled to such dividends and other distributions of cash or any other right or property as may be declared by the Board of Directors out of the assets or funds legally available for such dividends or distributions. Liquidation Rights. In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs, holders of common stock would be entitled to share ratably, based upon the number of shares held, in assets that are legally available for distribution to stockholders after payment of liabilities. If there is any preferred stock outstanding at such time, holders of the preferred stock may be entitled to distribution and/or liquidation preferences. Conversion, Redemption and Preemptive Rights. Our certificate of incorporation provides that h olders of common stock shall not have any preference, preemptive right, or right of subscription, other than to the extent, if any, the Board of Directors may determine from time to time. Preferred Stock Our certificate of incorporation authorizes our board of directors, subject to limitations prescribed by law, to designate and issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series without further stockholder approval. The board will have discretion to determine the rights, powers, preferences, privileges and restrictions of, including, without limitation, voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences of, and to fix the number of shares of, each series of our preferred stock. 100 Table of Contents Provisions of Our Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws and Delaware Law that May Have an Anti-Takeover Effect Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the Chief Executive Officer, the Chairman of the Board, president, or any two members of the Board of Directors. Stockholders are not permitted to call, or to require that the Board of Directors call, a special meeting of stockholders. Delaware Takeover Statute. Our certificate of incorporation provides that we will not be subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”), which, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any “business combination” (as defined below) with any “interested stockholder” (as defined below) for a period of three years following the date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless: (i) prior to such date, the Board of Directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; (ii) on consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the number of shares outstanding those shares owned (x) by persons who are directors and also officers and (y) by employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or (iii) on or subsequent to such date, the business combination is approved by the Board of Directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. Section 203 of the DGCL defines “business combination” to include: (i) any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; (ii) any sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition of 10% or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested stockholder; (iii) subject to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder; (iv) any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; or (v) the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation. In general, Section 203 of the DGCL defines an “interested stockholder” as any entity or person beneficially owning 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by such entity or person. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE There are not and have not been any disagreements between us and our accountants on any matter of accounting principles, practices, or financial statement disclosure during our two most recent fiscal years and subsequent interim period. SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE If our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock, including shares issued upon the exercise of options, in the public market following the offering, the market price of our common stock could decline. These sales also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem appropriate. Upon completion of this offering, we will have outstanding 96,546,782 shares of common stock. Of these shares, the 59,704,503 shares sold in this offering will be freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased by our “affiliates,” as that term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act. 101 Table of Contents LEGAL MATTERS The validity of the shares of common stock offered hereby will be passed upon for us by our counsel, Sidley Austin LLP, Chicago, Illinois. EXPERTS The consolidated financial statements of Broadwind Energy, Inc. and subsidiaries as of the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 and management’s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of the year ended December 31, 2008 of Broadwind Energy, Inc. and subsidiaries incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, the consolidated financial statements of Brad Foote Gear Works, Inc. as of the nine months ended September 30, 2007 incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K/A as filed on May 27, 2009, the consolidated financial statements of Energy Maintenance Service, LLC for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K/A as filed on April 15, 2008 and the consolidated financial statements of Badger Transport, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2007 incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K/A as filed on November 14, 2008 have been audited by Grant Thornton LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their reports (which internal control report expressed an adverse opinion) appearing herein and elsewhere in the registration statement. The consolidated financial statements of Brad Foote Gear Works, Inc. as of the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 incorporated by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K/A as filed on January 4, 2008 have been audited by Pasquesi Sheppard LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their reports appearing herein and elsewhere in the registration statement. The consolidated financial statements of Tower Tech Holdings Inc. and subsidiaries as of the year ended December 31, 2006 incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 have been audited by Carver Moquist & O’Connor, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their reports appearing herein and elsewhere in the registration statement. Such consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules are included in reliance upon the reports of such firm given upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” information contained in documents that we file with the SEC into this prospectus. This means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents and that the information included in those documents is considered part of this prospectus. The following documents filed with the SEC are incorporated by reference into this prospectus, unless otherwise indicated: · Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, as filed on March 16, 2009; · Amendment No. 2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2008; · Our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2009; · Our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A as filed on April 29, 2009; · Our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on January 15, January 22, February 9, March 16, March 20, May 1, and on Form 8-K/A as filed on May 27, 2009; · The financial statements included in Exhibits 99.1, 99.2 and 99.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K/A as filed on January 4, 2008; · The financial statements included in Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K/A as filed on April 15, 2008; · The financial statements included in Exhibits 99.1, 99.2 and 99.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K/A as filed on November 14, 2008; and · The financial statements included as Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K/A as filed on May 27 , 2009. 102 Table of Contents WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act, with respect to the shares of our common stock offered by this prospectus. This prospectus, filed as a part of the registration statement, does not contain all of the information set forth in the registration statement or the exhibits and schedules thereto as permitted by the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. For further information about us and our common stock, you should refer to the registration statement. This prospectus summarizes provisions that we consider material of certain contracts and other documents to which we refer you. Because the summaries may not contain all of the information that you may find important, you should review the full text of those documents. We have included copies of those documents as exhibits to the registration statement. The registration statement and the exhibits thereto filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission may be inspected, without charge, and copies may be obtained at prescribed rates, at the public reference facility maintained by the Securities and Exchange Commission at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. The registration statement and other information filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission are also available at the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website at http://www.sec.gov, as well as on our website, www.broadwindenergy.com. This reference to our website is an inactive textual reference only and is not a hyperlink. The contents of our website are not part of this prospectus, and you should not consider the contents of our website in making an investment decision with respect to our common stock. After the offering, we and our stockholders will continue to be subject to the proxy solicitation rules, annual and periodic reporting requirements, restrictions of stock purchases and sales by affiliates and other requirements of the Exchange Act. We will furnish our stockholders with annual reports containing audited financial statements certified by independent auditors and quarterly reports containing unaudited financial statements for the first three quarters of each fiscal year. 103 Table of Contents 59,704,503 Shares Common Stock PROSPECTUS May 27, 2009 Table of Contents PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN THE PROSPECTUS Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution Set forth below is a table of the registration fee for the Securities and Exchange Commission, the filing fee for the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, the listing fee for the Nasdaq Global Select Market and estimates of all other expenses to be incurred in connection with the issuance and distribution of the securities described in the registration statement, other than underwriting discounts and commissions: Securities and Exchange Commission registration fee $ 24,986.33 Printing expenses $ 7,500.00 Legal fees and expenses $ 300,000.00 Accounting fees and expenses $ 18,000.00 Total $ 350,486.33 Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers Delaware Law Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”) authorizes a court to award, or a corporation’s board of directors to grant, indemnity to directors and officers in terms sufficiently broad to permit indemnification for liabilities, including reimbursement for expenses incurred, arising under the Securities Act. Sections 145(a) and (b) of the DGCL provide that a corporation may indemnify its directors and officers, as well as other employees and individuals, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement in connection with specified actions, suits or proceedings, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation (a derivative action)), if they acted in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe their conduct was unlawful. A similar standard is applicable in the case of derivative actions, except that indemnification only extends to expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred in connection with the defense or settlement of such actions, and the statute requires court approval before there can be any indemnification in which the person seeking indemnification has been found liable to the corporation. Section 145(e) of the DGCL provides that expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by an officer or director in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding may be paid by the corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation as authorized by Section 145 of the DGCL. Section 145(e) of the DGCL further provides that such expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by former directors and officers or other employees or agents of the corporation may be so paid upon such terms and conditions as the corporation deems appropriate. Section 145(g) of the DGCL permits a corporation to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such person’s status as such, whether 105 Table of Contents or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under Section 145 of the DGCL. Charter Provisions and Other Arrangements Our certificate of incorporation provides that we must indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL and must also pay expenses incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition upon delivery of an undertaking, by or on behalf of an indemnified person, to repay all amounts so advanced if it should be determined ultimately by a court of competent jurisdiction that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by us. Under Article XI of our certificate of incorporation, we may maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director or officer of us, or is or was serving at the request of us as a director or officer of another corporation, or as its representative in a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred in any such capacity or arising out of such status, whether or not we have the power in indemnify such person. In addition, as permitted by the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation provides that no director will be liable to us or to our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL as the same exists or may hereafter be amended. The effect of this provision is to restrict our rights and the rights of our stockholders in derivative suits to recover monetary damages against a director for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except that a director will be personally liable for: · any breach of his or her duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders; · acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; · the payment of dividends or the redemption or purchase of stock in violation of Delaware law; or · any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. This provision does not affect a director’s liability under the federal securities laws. The indemnification rights set forth above shall not be exclusive of any other right which an indemnified person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise. Pursuant to Section 145 of the DGCL and our certificate of incorporation, we maintain directors’ and officers’ liability insurance coverage. Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities During the three-year period preceding the date of filing of this registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, we have issued and sold the following securities without registration under the Securities Act of 1933: 1. On February 6, 2006, we issued 25,250,000 shares of Common Stock to the shareholders of Tower Tech Systems, Inc. (“Tower Tech”) as consideration for the acquisition of all of the outstanding capital stock of Tower Tech. 2. On March 1, 2007, we issued 10,266,667 shares of Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of $1.50 per share totaling $15,400,000 to two accredited investors. 106 Table of Contents 3. On March 1, 2007, we issued 722,297 shares of Common Stock as repayment of $1,083,447 of debt owed to our officers and directors. 4. On October 19, 2007, we issued 16,036,450 shares of Common Stock, at $4.00 per share, to the shareholders of Brad Foote Gear Works, Inc. (“Brad Foote”) as part of the consideration for the acquisition of all of the outstanding capital stock of Brad Foote. 5. On October 19, 2007, we issued 12,500,000 share of Common Stock, at $4.00 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $50,000,000 to a group of accredited investors. 6. On January 16, 2008, we issued 1,629,834 shares of Common Stock, at a price of $8.48 per share, to the members of Energy Maintenance Service, LLC (“EMS”) as part of the consideration for the acquisition of all of the outstanding membership interests of EMS. We also issued incentive stock options to acquire an aggregate of 158,000 shares of Common Stock, at an exercise price of $10.90 per share, to holders of options to purchase membership interests of EMS in exchange for the termination of such options. 7. On January 16, 2008, we issued 2,031,250 shares of Common Stock, at a price of $8.48 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $17,225,000 to three accredited investors. 8. On April 24, 2008, we issued 5,025,126 shares of Common Stock, at a price of $7.96 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $40,000,000 to three accredited investors. 9. On April 24, 2008, we issued 3,333,332 shares of Common Stock to three accredited investors in connection with the conversion of outstanding convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of approximately $25,000,000 into shares of Common Stock. 10. On April 24, 2008, we issued 62,814 shares of Common Stock, at a price of $7.96 per share, for a total purchase price of approximately $500,000 to one of our directors. 11. On June 4, 2008, we issued 581,959 shares of Common Stock, at a price of $10.31 per share, to the sole shareholder of Badger Transport, Inc. (“Badger”) as part of the consideration for the acquisition of all of the outstanding capital stock of Badger. 12. On June 5, 2008, we issued 7,537,688 shares of Common Stock, at a price of $7.96 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $60,000,000 to an accredited investor. Each of the above transactions was completed without registration in reliance upon Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder, based on the limited number of offerees in any such offering, representations and warranties made by such offerees in the particular transactions, or the identity of such offerees as either accredited investors or an executive officer or director of us. None of the above transactions involved any underwriters, underwriting discounts or commissions or any public offering, and appropriate measures were taken to restrict transfer of the securities. Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a) Exhibits: Reference is made to the attached Exhibit Index, which is incorporated by reference herein. (b) Financial Statement Schedules: Financial statement schedules are incorporated herein by reference to page 54 and 55 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008, Item 9.01 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed May 27, 2009 , Item 9.01 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed January 4, 2008, 107 Table of Contents Item 9.01 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed November 14, 2008 and Item 9.01 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed April 15, 2008. Item 17. Undertakings (a) The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement, and (iii) To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement. (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (4) That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser, each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. (5) That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned Registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; 108 Table of Contents (ii) Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (b) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, or the Securities Act, may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the Registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the Registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the Registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the Registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the Registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 109 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Naperville, State of Illinois on May 27, 2009. BROADWIND ENERGY, INC. By: /s/ J. Cameron Drecoll Name: J. Cameron Drecoll Title: Chief Executive Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints J.D. Rubin, J. Cameron Drecoll and Stephen E. Graham , and each of them, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any or all amendments (including post-effective amendments) to this registration statement (and any registration statement filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, as amended, for the offering which this Registration Statement relates), and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the SEC, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them, or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities indicated on May 27 , 2009. Signatures Capacity Date /s/ J. Cameron Drecoll Chief Executive Officer and Director May 27, 2009 J. Cameron Drecoll (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Stephen E. Graham Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial May 27, 2009 Stephen E. Graham and Accounting Officer) /s/ James M. Lindstrom Chairman of the Board May 27, 2009 James M. Lindstrom /s/ Charles H. Beynon Director May 27, 2009 Charles H. Beynon /s/ William T. Fejes, Jr. Director May 27, 2009 William T. Fejes, Jr. /s/ Terence P. Fox Director May 27, 2009 Terence P. Fox /s/ David Reiland Director May 27, 2009 David Reiland 110 Table of Contents I. EXHIBIT INDEX EXHIBIT NUMBER DESCRIPTION 2.1 Share Exchange Agreement by and among Blackfoot Enterprises, Inc. and the shareholders of Tower Tech Systems, Inc. and Tower Tech Systems, Inc. dated as of November 7, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 21, 2005) 2.2 Stock Purchase Agreement dated September 13, 2007 among the Company, RBA, Inc. and the stockholders of RBA, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 17, 2007) 2.3 Stock Purchase Agreement dated August 22, 2007 among the Company, Brad Foote Gear Works, Inc. and the shareholders of Brad Foote Gear Works, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 24, 2007) 2.4 Stock Purchase Agreement dated April 24, 2008 among Broadwind Energy, Inc., Badger Transport, Inc. and the shareholders of Badger Transport, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 30, 2008) 2.5 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated December 9, 2007 among the Company, Energy Maintenance Service, LLC, Joseph A. Kolbach and the members of Energy Maintenance Service, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 13, 2007) 2.6 Amendment No. 1 to the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated December 9, 2007 among the Company, Energy Maintenance Service, LLC, Joseph A. Kolbach and the members of Energy Maintenance Service, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 14, 2008) 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2008) 3.2 Bylaws, as amended and restated through June 20, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2008) 4.1 Form of Specimen Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2008) 5.1* Opinion of Sidley Austin LLP 10.1 Lease agreement dated January 1, 2005 between Tower Tech Systems, Inc. and City Centre, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005) 10.2 Amendment, dated December 1, 2007, to Lease agreement dated January 1, 2005 between Tower Tech Systems, Inc. and City Centre, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007) 10.3 Lease Agreement dated December 26, 2007 between Tower Tech and City Centre, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007) 111 Table of Contents 10.4 Purchase Agreement Addendum effective February 11, 2008 between Brad Foote and BFG Cicero (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 21, 2008) 10.5 Assignment and Assumption of Purchase Agreement effective February 11, 2008 between Brad Foote and the Cicero Avenue LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 21, 2008) 10.6 Purchase Agreement effective February 11, 2008 between Brad Foote and BFG Pittsburgh (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 21, 2008) 10.7 Assignment and Assumption of Purchase Agreement effective February 11, 2008 between Brad Foote and the Neville Road LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 21, 2008) 10.8 Securities Purchase Agreement dated March 1, 2007 among the Company, Tontine Capital Partners, L.P. and Tontine Capital Overseas Master Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 5, 2007) 10.9 Securities Purchase Agreement dated August 22, 2007 among the Company, Tontine Capital Partners, L.P., Tontine Capital Overseas Master Fund, L.P., Tontine Partners, L.P., Tontine Overseas Fund, Ltd. and Tontine 25 Overseas Master Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 24, 2007) 10.10 Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement dated January 3, 2008 by and among the Company, Tontine Capital Partners, L.P., Tontine Partners, L.P., and Tontine 25 Overseas Master Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 4, 2008) 10.11 Securities Purchase Agreement dated April 22, 2008 between Broadwind Energy, Inc., Tontine Capital Partners, L.P., Tontine Partners, L.P., Tontine Overseas Fund, Ltd., and Tontine 25 Overseas Master Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 28, 2008) 10.12 Securities Purchase Agreement dated April 22, 2008 between Broadwind Energy, Inc. and Charles H. Beynon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 28, 2008) 10.13 Loan and Security Agreement dated January 17, 1997 between Brad Foote and LaSalle Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007) 10.14 Third Amendment, dated March 30, 1998, to Loan and Security Agreement dated January 17, 1997 between Brad Foote and LaSalle Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007) 10.15 Fourth Amendment, dated December 1, 1998, to Loan and Security Agreement dated January 17, 1997 between Brad Foote and LaSalle Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007) 10.16 Fifth Amendment, dated June 1, 1999, to Loan and Security Agreement dated January 17, 1997 between Brad Foote and LaSalle Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 112 Table of Contents 10.20 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007) 10.17 Ninth Amendment, dated April 30, 2002, to Loan and Security Agreement dated January 17, 1997 between Brad Foote and LaSalle Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007) 10.18 Thirteenth Amendment, dated April 29, 2004, to Loan and Security Agreement dated January 17, 1997 between Brad Foote and LaSalle Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007) 10.19 Seventeenth Amendment, dated February 1, 2006, to Loan and Security Agreement dated January 17, 1997 between Brad Foote and LaSalle Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007) 10.20 Nineteenth Amendment, dated November 10, 2006, to Loan and Security Agreement dated January 17, 1997 between Brad Foote and LaSalle Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007) 10.21 Twenty-Second Amendment, dated June 30, 2007, to Loan and Security Agreement dated January 17, 1997 between Brad Foote and LaSalle Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007) 10.22 Twenty-Third Amendment, dated October 4, 2007, to Loan and Security Agreement dated January 17, 1997 between Brad Foote and LaSalle Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007) 10.23 Twenty-Fourth Amendment, dated October 18, 2007, to Loan and Security Agreement dated January 17, 1997 between Brad Foote and LaSalle Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007) 10.24 Twenty-Sixth Amendment, dated January 15, 2008, to Loan and Security Agreement dated January 17, 1997 between Brad Foote and LaSalle Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007) 10.25 Twenty-Seventh Amendment, dated January 31, 2008, to Loan and Security Agreement dated January 17, 1997 between Brad Foote and LaSalle Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 21, 2008) 10.26 Twenty-Eighth Amendment, dated April 11, 2008, to Loan and Security Agreement dated January 17, 1997 between Brad Foote and LaSalle Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007) 10.27 Twenty-Ninth Amendment, dated June 30, 2008 to Loan and Security Agreement dated January 17, 1997 between Brad Foote and LaSalle Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008) 113 Table of Contents 10.28 Thirtieth Amendment, dated August 30, 2008, to Loan and Security Agreement dated January 17, 1997 between Brad Foote and LaSalle Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2008) 10.29 Thirty-First Amendment, dated September 29, 2008, to Loan and Security Agreement dated January 17, 1997 between Brad Foote and LaSalle Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2008) 10.30 Thirty-Second Amendment, dated December 9, 2008, to Loan and Security Agreement dated January 17, 1997 between Brad Foote Gear Works, Inc. and Bank of America, N.A (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 10, 2008) 10.31 Omnibus Amendment Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2009, by and among Brad Foote Gear Works, Inc., 1309 South Cicero Avenue, LLC, 5100 Neville Road, LLC and Bank of America, N.A. (incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 22, 2009) 10.32 Pledge Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2009, by and between Broadwind Energy, Inc. and Bank of America, N.A. (incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 22, 2009) 10.33 Unconditional Guaranty, dated as of January 15, 2009, by Broadwind Energy, Inc. (incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 22, 2009) 10.34 Unconditional Guaranty, dated as of January 15, 2009, by 1309 South Cicero Avenue, LLC and 5100 Neville Road, LLC (incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 22, 2009) 10.35 Mortgage, dated as of January 15, 2009, relating to 1309 S. Cicero Avenue, Cicero, Illinois, 60804, from 1309 South Cicero Avenue, LLC and Brad Foote Gear Works, Inc. to Bank of America, N.A. (incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 22, 2009) 10.36 Mortgage, dated as of January 15, 2009, relating to 1310 S. 47th Avenue, Cicero, Illinois, 60804, from Brad Foote Gear Works, Inc. to Bank of America, N.A. (incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 22, 2009) 10.37 Mortgage, dated as of January 15, 2009, relating to 5100 Neville Road, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, 15225, from 5100 Neville Road, LLC and Brad Foote Gear Works, Inc. to Bank of America, N.A. (incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 22, 2009) 10.38 Amended and Restated Renewal Revolving Note dated January 15, 2008, from Brad Foote to LaSalle Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007) 10.39 Note Extension Agreement between Brad Foote and LaSalle Bank National Bank dated August 30, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2008) 10.40 Note Extension Agreement between Brad Foote and LaSalle Bank National Bank dated September 29, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2008) 10.41 Amended and Restated Renewal Revolving Note, dated December 9, 2008, between Brad Foote Gear Works, Inc. and Bank of America, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s 114 Table of Contents Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 10, 2008) 10.42 Equipment Line Note dated June 30, 2007, from Brad Foote to LaSalle Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007) 10.43 Amended and Restated Equipment Line Note dated November 10, 2006, from Brad Foote to LaSalle Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007) 10.44 Note Modification Agreement, dated December 9, 2008, between Brad Foote Gear Works, Inc. and Bank of America, N.A., pertaining to Brad Foote’s $11,000,000 non-revolving equipment line of credit loan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 10, 2008) 10.45 Note Modification Agreement, dated December 9, 2008, between Brad Foote Gear Works, Inc. and Bank of America, N.A., pertaining to Brad Foote’s $9,000,000 non-revolving equipment line of credit loan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 10, 2008) 10.46 Consolidated Term Note dated February 1, 2006, from Brad Foote to LaSalle Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007) 10.47 Note Modification Agreement, dated December 9, 2008, between Brad Foote Gear Works, Inc. and Bank of America, N.A., pertaining to Brad Foote’s consolidated term loan in the original principal sum of $7,899,332.98 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 10, 2008) 10.48 Note Modification Agreement, dated December 9, 2008, among 1309 South Cicero Avenue, L.L.C, 5100 Neville Road, L.L.C, and Bank of America, N.A., pertaining to Brad Foote’s $2,075,000 term loan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 10, 2008) 10.49 Agreement Governing Extensions of Credit dated October 4, 2007 between Tower Tech and Investors Community Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007) 10.50 Commercial Promissory Note dated October 4, 2007, from Tower Tech to Investors Community Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007) 10.51 Commercial Loan Agreement dated October 4, 2007 between Tower Tech and Investors Community Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007) 10.52 Commercial Security Agreement dated October 4, 2007 between Tower Tech and Investors Community Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007) 10.53 Agreement Governing Extensions of Credit dated March 21, 2008 between Tower Tech and Investors Community Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007) 10.54 Commercial Promissory Note dated March 21, 2008, from Tower Tech to Investors Community Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for 115 Table of Contents the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007) 10.55 Commercial Loan Agreement dated March 21, 2008 between Tower Tech and Investors Community Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007) 10.56 Guaranty dated October 22, 2008, by the Company to Investors Community Bank for RBA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.56 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008) 10.57 Guaranty dated October 22, 2008, by the Company to Investors Community Bank for Tower Tech (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.57 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008) 10.58 Commercial Debt Modification Agreement dated as of October 22, 2008 between Tower Tech and Investors Community Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008) 10.59 Guaranty dated October 22, 2008, by RBA to Investors Community Bank for Tower Tech (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.59 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008) 10.60 Guaranty dated October 22, 2008, by Tower Tech to Investors Community Bank for RBA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.60 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008) 10.61 Registration Rights Agreement dated March 1, 2007 among the Company, Tontine Capital Partners, L.P., and Tontine Capital Overseas Master Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 5, 2007) 10.62 Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement dated October 19, 2007, among the Company, Tontine Capital Partners, L.P., Tontine Capital Overseas Master Fund, L.P., Tontine Partners, L.P., Tontine Overseas Fund, Ltd. and Tontine 25 Overseas Master Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 24, 2007) 10.63 Amendment No. 2 to Registration Rights Agreement among the Company, Tontine Capital Partners L.P., Tontine Partners, L.P., Tontine Capital Overseas Master Fund, L.P., Tontine 25 Overseas Master Fund, L.P., and Tontine Overseas Fund, Ltd. dated July 18, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 23, 2008) 10.64 Amendment No. 3 to Registration Rights Agreement among the Company, Tontine Capital Partners L.P., Tontine Partners, L.P., Tontine Capital Overseas Master Fund, L.P., Tontine 25 Overseas Master Fund, L.P., and Tontine Overseas Fund, Ltd. dated September 12, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 12, 2008) 10.65 Amendment No. 4, dated October 31, 2008, to Registration Rights Agreement dated March 1, 2007 and amended October 19, 2007, July 18, 2008 and September 12, 2008, among Broadwind Energy, Inc., Tontine Capital Partners, L.P., Tontine Capital Overseas Master Fund, L.P., Tontine Partners, L.P., Tontine Overseas Fund, Ltd. and Tontine 25 Overseas Master Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 4, 2008) 10.66 Waiver relating to Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 9, 2009, by Tontine Capital Partners, L.P., Tontine Capital Overseas Master Fund, L.P., Tontine Partners, L.P., Tontine Overseas Fund, Ltd. and Tontine 25 Overseas Master Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 15, 2009) 116 Table of Contents 10.67 Registration Rights Agreement dated October 19, 2007 among the Company, J. Cameron Drecoll, Pat Rosmonowski, Dennis Palmer and Noel Davis (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 24, 2007) 10.68 Registration Rights Agreement dated January 16, 2008 among the Company, EMS, Inc., Fagen, Inc., Joseph A. Kolbach and Daniel A. Yarano (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 23, 2008) 10.69 Registration Rights Agreement dated April 24, 2008 between Broadwind Energy, Inc. and Charles H. Beynon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 28, 2008) 10.70 Registration Rights Agreement dated June 4, 2008 between Broadwind Energy, Inc. and the shareholders of Badger Transport, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 10, 2008) 10.71 Employment Agreement dated October 19, 2007 between the Company and J. Cameron Drecoll (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 24, 2007) 10.72 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated November 12, 2008 between the Company and Lars Moller (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed November 18, 2008) 10.73 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated November 12, 2008 between the Company and Matthew J. Gadow (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed November 18, 2008) 10.74 Employment Agreement dated as of June 30, 2008 between the Company and Robert A. Paxton (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 16, 2009) 10.75 Employment Agreement dated as of June 30, 2008 between the Company and J.D. Rubin (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 16, 2009) 10.76 Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 26, 2007) 10.77 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended through August 8, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2008) 10.78 Form of Executive Incentive Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 16, 2009) 10.79 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 16, 2009) 10.80 Form of Nonqualified Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 16, 2009) 10.81 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 16, 2009) 117 Table of Contents 10.82 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 16, 2009) 10.83 Form of Performance Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 16, 2009) 10.84 Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 16, 2009) 10.85 Broadwind Energy, Inc. Executive Short-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 16, 2009) 10.86 Second Omnibus Amendment Agreement dated as of March 13, 2009 by and among Brad Foote Gear Works, Inc. 1309 South Cicero Avenue LLC, 5100 Neville Road, LLC and Bank of America, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.86 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008) 10.87 Reaffirmation made by each of Broadwind Energy, Inc., 1309 South Cicero Avenue LLC and 5100 Neville Road, LLC, for the benefit of Bank of America, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.87 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008) 10.88 Agreement Governing Extensions of Credit dated March 13, 2009 between Tower Tech and Investors Community Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.88 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008) 10.89 Commercial Debt Modification Agreement dated March 13, 2009 between Tower Tech and Investors Community Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.89 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008) 10.90 Agreement Governing Extensions of Credit dated March 13, 2009 between RBA and Investors Community Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.90 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008) 10.91 Commercial Debt Modification Agreement dated March 13, 2009 between RBA and Investors Community Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.91 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008) 10.92 Construction Loan Agreement, dated April 28, 2009, by and between Tower Tech Systems Inc. and Great Western Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 1, 2009) 10.93 Promissory Note, dated April 28, 2009, from Tower Tech Systems Inc. to Great Western Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 1, 2009) 10.94 Letter Agreement, dated April 28, 2009, by and among Broadwind Energy, Inc., Tower Tech Systems Inc. and Great Western Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 1, 2009) 10.95 Commercial Security Agreement, dated April 28, 2009, by and between Tower Tech Systems Inc. and Great Western Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 1, 2009) 10.96 Mortgage, dated April 28, 2009, from Tower Tech Systems Inc. to Great Western Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 1, 2009) 118 Table of Contents 10.97 Assignment of Deposit Account, dated April 28, 2009, by and between Tower Tech Systems Inc. and Great Western Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 1, 2009) 10.98 Subordination Agreement, dated April 27, 2009, by and between Broadwind Energy, Inc. and Great Western Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 1, 2009) 10.99 Commercial Guaranty, dated April 27, 2009, from Broadwind Energy, Inc. to Great Western Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 1, 2009) 10.100 Separation Agreement and Release dated as of April 30, 2009, by and between Broadwind Energy, Inc. and Matthew Gadow (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 1, 2009) 10.101 Agreement Governing Extensions of Credit dated April 22, 2009 between Investors Community Bank and R.B.A., Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2009) 10.102 Thirty-Fifth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of May 8, 2009, by and between Brad Foote Gear Works, Inc. and Bank of America, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2009) 10.103 Reaffirmation, dated as of May 8, 2009, made by each of Broadwind Energy, Inc., 1309 South Cicero Avenue LLC and 5100 Neville Road, LLC, for the benefit of Bank of America, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2009) 14.1 Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, as amended and restated through December 13, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 19, 2007) 21.1 Subsidiaries of Broadwind Energy, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008) 23.1 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP (filed herewith) 23.2 Consent of Carver Moquist & O’Connor, LLC (filed herewith) 23.3 Consent of Pasquesi Sheppard LLP (filed herewith) 23.4* Consent of Sidley Austin LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1) 24.1 Power of Attorney (included in signature page) * To be filed by amendment. 119
