Form S-1 Table of Contents As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 9, 2008 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 ALDAGEN, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 2836 56-2185054 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 2810 Meridian Parkway, Suite 148 Durham, NC 27713 (919) 484-2571 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) W. Thomas Amick Chief Executive Officer 2810 Meridian Parkway, Suite 148 Durham, NC 27713 (919) 484-2571 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies to: Brent B. Siler, Esq. Christian E. Plaza, Esq. Darren K. DeStefano, Esq. Brian F. Leaf, Esq. Cooley Godward Kronish LLP One Freedom Square, Reston Town Center 11951 Freedom Drive Reston, VA 20190-5656 (703) 456-8000 David E. Redlick, Esq. Stuart R. Nayman, Esq. Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP 399 Park Avenue New York, NY 10022 (212) 230-8800 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this registration statement. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box. ¨ If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of Securities being Registered Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price (1)(2) Amount of Registration Fee Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share $80,500,000 $3,163.65 (1) In accordance with Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the number of shares being registered and the proposed maximum offering price per share are not included in this table. (2) Estimated solely for purposes of computing the amount of the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. (Check one): Large Accelerated Filer ¨ Accelerated Filer ¨ Non-accelerated Filer x Smaller Reporting Company ¨ The registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment that specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. Table of Contents The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and we are not soliciting offers to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. Subject to completion, dated May 9, 2008 Prospectus shares Common stock We are offering shares of our common stock. This is our initial public offering and no public market exists for our shares. We anticipate that the initial public offering price will be between $ and $ per share. We have applied to have our common stock listed on The NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol “ALDH.” Investing in the common stock involves risks. See “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page 9. Price $ per share Price to public Underwriting discounts and commissions Proceeds to company before expenses Per share $ $ $ Total $ $ $ We have granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional shares of common stock to cover over-allotments, if any. The Securities and Exchange Commission and state securities regulators have not approved or disapproved these securities, or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The underwriters expect to deliver the shares of common stock to purchasers on , 2008. Cowen and Company Wachovia Securities Pacific Growth Equities, LLC The date of this prospectus is , 2008. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Prospectus Summary 1 Risk Factors 9 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 33 Use of Proceeds 35 Dividend Policy 35 Capitalization 36 Dilution 38 Selected Financial Data 40 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 42 Business 55 Management 84 Executive Compensation 90 Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions 104 Principal Stockholders 108 Description of Capital Stock 112 Shares Eligible for Future Sale 117 Underwriting 120 Legal Matters 125 Experts 125 Where You Can Find Additional Information 125 Index to Financial Statements F-1 You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus and any related free writing prospectus we may authorize to be delivered to you. We have not, and the underwriters have not, authorized any person to provide you with different information. If anyone provides you with different or inconsistent information, you should not rely on it. Neither this prospectus nor any related free writing prospectus is an offer to sell, nor are they seeking an offer to buy, these securities in any state where the offer or solicitation is not permitted. The information contained in this prospectus is complete and accurate as of the date on the front cover of this prospectus, but information may have changed since that date. Table of Contents PROSPECTUS SUMMARY The items in the following summary are described in more detail later in this prospectus. This summary does not contain all of the information you should consider. Before investing in our common stock, you should read the entire prospectus carefully, including the “Risk Factors” beginning on page 9 and the financial statements and related notes beginning on page F-1. Unless the context indicates otherwise, as used in this prospectus, the terms “Aldagen,” “our company,” “we,” “us” and “our” refer to Aldagen, Inc. Overview We are a biopharmaceutical company developing proprietary regenerative cell therapies that target significant unmet medical needs. We have four product candidates in clinical trials. Our most advanced product candidate is ALD-101. We are currently conducting a pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of ALD-101 to evaluate its efficacy in improving umbilical cord blood transplants used to treat inherited metabolic diseases in pediatric patients. We are also conducting or supporting Phase 1 or Phase 1/2 clinical trials of three other product candidates: • ALD-151 to improve umbilical cord blood transplants used for the treatment of leukemia; • ALD-301 to treat critical limb ischemia; and • ALD-201 to treat ischemic heart failure. Our product candidates consist of specific populations of adult stem cells that we isolate using our proprietary technology. Stem cells are cells within the human body that have the potential to develop, or differentiate, into other types of cells with individual characteristics and specific functions. Stem cells found in blood, tissues or organs are referred to as adult stem cells. In preclinical studies conducted by leading research institutions and academic centers, adult stem cells expressing high levels of an enzyme known as aldehyde dehydrogenase, or ALDH, exhibited a variety of activities that we believe may promote the regeneration of multiple types of cells and tissues. We have developed a proprietary technology that allows us to isolate adult stem cells that express high levels of ALDH, which we refer to as ALDH-bright, or ALDH br , cells. We believe that the ALDH br stem cell populations we produce may have a variety of therapeutic uses. Our Product Candidates We are developing ALD-101 and ALD-151 to improve umbilical cord blood transplants. We are developing ALD-301 and ALD-201 to treat cardiovascular diseases. ALD-101 to Improve Cord Blood Transplants Used to Treat Pediatric Inherited Metabolic Diseases ALD-101 is our most advanced product candidate. In March 2008, we began enrolling patients in a pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of ALD-101 to evaluate its efficacy in improving transplants of umbilical cord blood, or cord blood, used to treat inherited metabolic diseases in pediatric patients. In a cord blood transplant, cord blood of a known type is obtained from a donor bank and then infused into the patient. Cord blood transplantation is commonly used to treat children with inherited metabolic diseases, including Krabbe syndrome, metachromatic leukodystrophy, Hurler syndrome and adrenoleukodystrophy. These diseases are progressive, degenerative and often fatal. In many cases, the only treatment available to these patients is a transplant of blood-forming, or hematopoietic, stem cells found in cord blood or bone marrow. While the preferred source for a hematopoietic stem cell transplant is type-matched bone marrow from a donor who is a close relative of the patient, when such a match cannot be located quickly, a type-matched cord blood transplant may be used instead. Prior to a cord blood transplant, the patient undergoes a treatment regimen that destroys the patient’s bone marrow cells. As a result, the patient has fewer platelets, which are cell fragments that circulate in the blood and 1 Table of Contents promote blood clotting, and neutrophils, which are white blood cells that protect against infections. Following the cord blood transplant, new platelets and neutrophils are produced over time from the stem cells contained in the donated cord blood. During this process, known as engraftment, the donated blood stem cells establish themselves in the patient, begin to divide and then differentiate to form new blood cells, including platelets and neutrophils. Engraftment time is generally measured as the period of time required to re-establish specific levels of platelets and neutrophils circulating in the patient’s bloodstream. Neutrophil engraftment typically takes several weeks, and platelet engraftment can take several months. Following the transplant, while platelet and neutrophil levels are depressed, there is significant risk of life-threatening infections, bleeding and transfusion-related reactions. We believe that a reduction in engraftment times could reduce these risks associated with cord blood transplants and decrease the length and cost of the related hospital stay, which is a significant component of the overall cost of treatment for these patients. ALD-101 is the population of ALDH br stem cells we produce from a portion of a cord blood unit using our proprietary technology. ALD-101 is infused into the patient shortly after the transplant of the remaining portion of the cord blood unit. In an ongoing Phase 1 clinical trial of ALD-101, we observed a statistically significant reduction in the time to platelet and neutrophil engraftment in patients receiving ALD-101 following their cord blood transplant, as compared to similar patients who had received a cord blood transplant without ALD-101 in an earlier independent clinical trial. Our pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of ALD-101 is designed to further evaluate its ability to accelerate engraftment following cord blood transplants in pediatric patients with inherited metabolic diseases. We expect to complete enrollment of this trial in the second half of 2009 and to receive the results of the trial in the first half of 2010. ALD-151 to Improve Cord Blood Transplants Used to Treat Leukemia Investigators are currently enrolling patients in a Phase 1 clinical trial of ALD-151 to evaluate its safety and potential efficacy in improving cord blood transplants for the treatment of leukemia in pediatric patients. A single cord blood unit typically contains a sufficient number of hematopoietic stem cells to treat a patient weighing less than approximately 90 pounds. To provide larger patients with a higher hematopoietic stem cell dose than would be available in a single cord blood unit, some clinicians transplant two full cord blood units, each from a different donor. However, transplanting cord blood from multiple donors in the same treatment may increase the risk of complications. ALD-151 presents another approach to increasing the dose of stem cells from a cord blood transplant for larger patients, including adults. ALD-151, when administered in conjunction with a full-unit cord blood transplant, can provide a larger dose of hematopoietic stem cells than would be available in a transplant from a single cord blood unit, while reducing the risk of complications. ALD-151 is the population of ALDH br stem cells we produce from a full cord blood unit using our proprietary technology. ALD-151 is infused into the patient shortly after the transplant of a separate, full cord blood unit. To date, investigators have treated five of the six to 10 patients we expect to enroll in this trial, which is designed to evaluate the safety and potential efficacy of ALD-151 in accelerating engraftment in pediatric patients undergoing cord blood transplants for the treatment of leukemia. We expect that the results of this clinical trial will be available in the first quarter of 2009. If the results of this clinical trial are positive, we plan to conduct additional clinical trials of ALD-151 in adult leukemia patients undergoing cord blood transplants. ALD-301 to Treat Critical Limb Ischemia We have completed enrollment of a 21-patient Phase 1/2 clinical trial of ALD-301 to assess its safety and potential efficacy as a treatment for patients with advanced critical limb ischemia. Critical limb ischemia is a condition characterized by significant impairment of blood flow to the legs and feet caused by a blockage of the arteries. 2 Table of Contents Patients with severe cases of critical limb ischemia may experience persistent pain in their lower extremities and may also suffer from severe tissue damage in the affected area. There are no drugs currently approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, for the treatment of this condition. For advanced critical limb ischemia patients with no other therapeutic options for improving blood flow, amputation of the affected limb is often the only available clinical option. ALD-301 is the population of ALDH br stem cells we produce using our proprietary technology to sort a specified quantity of bone marrow collected from the patient receiving the therapy. ALD-301 is injected into the patient’s leg muscle. In February 2008, we performed an interim analysis of the data from our Phase 1/2 clinical trial. Our efficacy analysis included only those patients who had completed their 12-week assessments. Our safety analysis included all available safety data, regardless of whether the patient had completed his or her 12-week assessment. Four patients in the ALD-301 treatment group had efficacy data available at 12 weeks, while a total of seven were analyzed for safety. Six patients in the unsorted bone marrow group had efficacy data available, while a total of seven of these patients were analyzed for safety. ALD-301 was well tolerated by the patients treated with it. In addition, we believe that the interim data provide initial evidence of potential therapeutic benefit of ALD-301. We expect the final results of our Phase 1/2 clinical trial to be available in the third quarter of 2008. ALD-201 to Treat Ischemic Heart Failure Investigators are currently enrolling patients in a Phase 1 clinical trial of ALD-201 to assess its safety and potential efficacy as a treatment for ischemic heart failure. Ischemic heart failure is caused by an obstruction of the arteries feeding blood to the heart tissue. The resulting damage to the heart muscle reduces the heart’s ability to pump blood efficiently to the rest of the body. Once ischemic heart failure patients have exhausted all potential options for restoring blood supply to the heart, their only other option is a heart transplant. ALD-201 is the population of ALDH br stem cells we produce using our proprietary technology to sort a specified quantity of bone marrow collected from the patient receiving the therapy. ALD-201 is injected directly into the patient’s heart muscle. This procedure is currently performed using a specialized catheter. To date, investigators have treated 18 of the 20 patients we expect to enroll in this Phase 1 clinical trial. We expect that results of this clinical trial will be available in the fourth quarter of 2008. Our ALDH br Technology Our proprietary technology represents a novel approach to isolating adult stem cells for therapy. We believe that the ALDH br stem cell populations produced using our technology have several potential advantages, including: • our ALDH br cell populations may have a variety of therapeutic uses; • our ALDH br cell populations include a diverse, or heterogeneous, mix of stem cell types, which we believe may promote tissue repair in a variety of ways; • our technology produces stem cell populations that are well characterized, meaning that each population produced has a high level of purity and a consistent set of physical and chemical characteristics; and • our technology allows for the rapid production of the ALDH br cell populations and their administration to the patient without requiring time-consuming manipulation, such as cell culturing or expansion of the size of the cell populations. Our Business Strategy Our goal is to become a fully integrated biopharmaceutical company focused on the development, manufacturing and commercialization of regenerative cell therapies that address disease areas with significant unmet medical needs and commercial potential. To achieve this goal, we are pursuing the following strategies: • continue to advance our product candidates through clinical trials; 3 Table of Contents • commercialize our cord blood transplant product candidates with an internal sales force; • selectively pursue strategic collaborations for the development and commercialization of some of our product candidates; • expand and enhance our manufacturing capabilities; and • develop new product candidates to target additional indications based on our technology. Risks Related to our Business Our business is subject to a number of risks of which you should be aware before making an investment decision. These risks are discussed more fully in the “Risk Factors” section of this prospectus immediately following this prospectus summary. For example, we expect to continue to incur substantial losses for the foreseeable future, and we may never achieve or maintain profitability. We may not receive necessary regulatory approvals for any of our product candidates and may not generate sufficient revenues to continue our business operations. The FDA has raised specific concerns about our use of a historical control as part of the clinical trials of our most advanced product candidate, and we may be required to conduct additional clinical trials at our expense in order to address the FDA’s concerns before we can obtain regulatory approval. We may need substantial additional funding and may be unable to raise capital when needed. Clinical trials of our product candidates may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the FDA’s satisfaction or may not otherwise produce positive results. Our product candidates are based on novel stem cell technologies that are inherently risky, and they may not be understood or accepted by the marketplace. We have only limited experience manufacturing our product candidates and we may not be able to manufacture our product candidates efficiently or in quantities sufficient for commercial sale. Our patent position might not adequately protect our product candidates or any future products, which could allow others to compete against us more directly. We face substantial competition in our industry, which may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing products before or more successfully than we do. Corporate Information We were incorporated in Delaware in March 2000 under the name StemCo Biomedical, Inc. In November 2005, we changed our corporate name to Aldagen, Inc. Our principal executive office is located at 2810 Meridian Parkway, Suite 148, Durham, North Carolina 27713. Our telephone number is (919) 484-2571. Our website address is www.aldagen.com. Information contained in, or accessible through, our website does not constitute a part of, and is not incorporated into, this prospectus. We use Aldagen ® , ALDEFLUOR ® , ALDECOUNT ® , Aldesorter TM and the Aldagen logo as trademarks and service marks in the United States. All other trademarks or trade names referred to in this prospectus are the property of their respective owners. This prospectus includes statistical and other industry and market data that we obtained from industry publications and research, surveys and studies conducted by third parties. Industry publications and third party research, surveys and studies generally indicate that their information has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, although they do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such information. While we believe that these industry publications and third party research, surveys and studies are reliable, we have not independently verified such data. 4 Table of Contents The Offering Common stock offered by us shares Common stock to be outstanding after this offering shares Over-allotment option shares Use of proceeds We estimate that the net proceeds from our sale of shares of common stock in this offering will be approximately $ million, or approximately $ million if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full, based upon an assumed initial public offering price of $ per share, which is the midpoint of the range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. We currently expect to use the net proceeds from this offering as follows: • approximately $ million to continue and expand our research and development activities, including clinical trials of our product candidates and further development of our product pipeline; • approximately $ million to improve our manufacturing processes and to increase our manufacturing capacity as demand increases; • approximately $ million to commercialize any of our product candidates that receive regulatory marketing approval; and • the balance for other general corporate purposes, including general and administrative expenses and working capital. These estimates are subject to change. See “Use of Proceeds.” Proposed NASDAQ Global Market symbol ALDH The number of shares of our common stock that will be outstanding immediately after this offering is based on 3,619,747 shares of common stock outstanding as of April 30, 2008, and excludes: • 5,996,472 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options outstanding under our 2000 stock option plan as of April 30, 2008, at a weighted-average exercise price of $0.27 per share; • 1,771,370 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants as of April 30, 2008, at a weighted-average exercise price of $0.79 per share; and • shares of our common stock to be reserved for future issuance under our equity incentive plans following this offering. 5 Table of Contents Except as otherwise indicated herein, all information in this prospectus, including the number of shares that will be outstanding after this offering, assumes or gives effect to: • a -for- reverse stock split of our common stock that we expect to complete prior to the closing of this offering; • the issuance of 26,285 shares of Series B convertible preferred stock upon the exercise of warrants that would otherwise expire immediately prior to the closing of this offering; • the conversion of all outstanding shares of our convertible preferred stock into an aggregate of 59,288,071 shares of our common stock, which will occur automatically upon the closing of this offering; and • no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option. 6 Table of Contents Summary Financial Data The following tables summarize our financial data. We have derived the following summary of our statement of operations data for the years ended December 31, 2005, 2006 and 2007 and for the period from March 3, 2000 (inception) through December 31, 2007, and balance sheet data as of December 31, 2007, from our audited financial statements appearing later in this prospectus. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected in the future. You should read the summary of our financial data set forth below together with our financial statements and the related notes to those statements, as well as “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” appearing later in this prospectus. Note 2 to our financial statements explains the method we used to compute basic and diluted net loss per share allocable to common stockholders and pro forma basic and diluted net loss per share. We have presented the summary balance sheet data as of December 31, 2007: • on an actual basis; • on a pro forma basis to give effect to: • our issuance of 17,636,655 shares of Series C-1 convertible preferred stock in April 2008 and our receipt of $18.3 million in cash proceeds from that issuance; • our issuance of 26,285 shares of our Series B convertible preferred stock prior to the closing of this offering upon the exercise for cash of warrants that would otherwise expire upon the closing of this offering and our receipt of an aggregate of $26,285 in proceeds from those exercises; • the conversion of all then outstanding shares of our convertible preferred stock, including the Series C-1 convertible preferred stock we issued in April 2008 and the Series B convertible preferred stock we expect to issue upon the exercise of warrants prior to the closing of this offering, into an aggregate of 59,288,071 shares of our common stock, which will occur automatically upon the closing of this offering; and • the reclassification of the preferred stock warrant liability to additional paid-in capital upon conversion of warrants to purchase convertible preferred stock into warrants to purchase common stock; and • on a pro forma as adjusted basis to give further effect to our sale of shares of common stock in this offering at an assumed initial public offering price of $ per share, which is the midpoint of the range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. Each $1.00 increase or decrease in the assumed initial public offering price of $ per share, which is the midpoint of the range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, would increase or decrease each of cash and cash equivalents, working capital, total assets and total stockholders’ equity on a pro forma as adjusted basis by approximately $ , assuming that the number of shares offered by us, as set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, remains the same. The pro forma as adjusted information presented in the summary balance sheet data is illustrative only and will change based on the actual initial public offering price and other terms of this offering determined at pricing. 7 Table of Contents Year Ended December 31, Period from March 3, 2000 (inception) through December 31, 2007 2005 2006 2007 (In thousands, except share and per share data) Statement of Operations Data: Revenues $ 59 $ 105 $ 211 $ 629 Operating expenses: Cost of product sales 18 46 75 183 Research and development 2,846 3,239 4,842 21,559 Selling, general and administrative 1,120 1,058 1,761 8,172 Total operating expenses 3,984 4,343 6,678 29,914 Loss from operations (3,925 ) (4,238 ) (6,467 ) (29,285 ) Total other expense (1,739 ) (1,538 ) (234 ) (3,853 ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle (1,470 ) — — (1,470 ) Net loss (7,134 ) (5,776 ) (6,701 ) (34,608 ) Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock (1,214 ) (1,223 ) (2,120 ) (7,381 ) Gain on exchange of redeemable convertible preferred stock and beneficial conversion feature — 14,518 — 14,390 Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders (8,348 ) 7,519 (8,821 ) $ (27,599 ) Income allocable to preferred stockholders — (5,621 ) — Net (loss) income allocable to common stockholders $ (8,348 ) $ 1,898 $ (8,821 ) Basic net (loss) income per share allocable to common stockholders $ (2.72 ) $ 0.56 $ (2.53 ) Diluted net (loss) income per share allocable to common stockholders $ (2.72 ) $ 0.32 $ (2.53 ) Shares used to compute basic net (loss) income per share allocable to common stockholders 3,065,795 3,411,000 3,487,396 Shares used to compute diluted net (loss) income per share allocable to common stockholders 3,065,795 5,918,171 3,487,396 Pro forma net loss per share—basic and diluted $ (0.23 ) Pro forma weighted-average shares outstanding—basic and diluted 38,005,249 As of December 31, 2007 Actual Pro forma Pro forma as adjusted (In thousands) Balance Sheet Data: Cash and cash equivalents $ 7,513 $ 25,881 $ Working capital 6,282 24,650 Total assets 8,710 27,078 Preferred stock warrant liability 773 — Notes payable, including current portion 3,240 3,240 Redeemable convertible preferred stock 28,293 — Additional paid-in capital — 47,395 Deficit accumulated during the development stage (25,093 ) (25,093 ) Total stockholders’ (deficit) equity (25,089 ) 22,365 8 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the other information included in this prospectus, before you decide to purchase shares of our common stock. If any of the following risks actually occurs, they may harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. As a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risks Related To Our Business We have incurred significant losses since our inception. We expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future and may never achieve or maintain profitability. We have incurred losses in each year since our inception and expect to continue to experience losses over the next several years. Our net loss was $6.7 million in 2007. As of December 31, 2007, we had a deficit accumulated during the development stage of $25.1 million. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through a combination of privately placed convertible preferred stock sales, convertible promissory notes, bank financing, capital lease agreements for the purchase of equipment and, during 2002 and 2003, research and development grants from governmental authorities. Our losses have resulted principally from costs incurred in our research and development programs and from our general and administrative expenses. We have devoted substantially all of our time, money and efforts to the research and development of ALD-101, ALD-151, ALD-301, and ALD-201. We have not completed development of any of our product candidates. ALDEFLUOR and ALDECOUNT are our only commercially available products, and they are available only for research or diagnostic use. We have not received a significant amount of revenue from sales of ALDEFLUOR and ALDECOUNT, and we do not anticipate significant sales from these products in the future. Because of the numerous risks associated with drug development, we are unable to predict whether our development efforts will be successful. We expect to continue to incur significant operating expenses and anticipate that our expenses and losses will increase in the foreseeable future as we seek to: • complete our pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of ALD-101; • complete the Phase 1 or Phase 1/2 clinical trials of ALD-151, ALD-301, and ALD-201 and initiate additional clinical trials if supported by the results of these trials; • gain regulatory approvals for our product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials; • expand our manufacturing capabilities and capacity; • maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; • establish a sales and marketing infrastructure to commercialize selected products for which we may obtain regulatory approval; • hire additional clinical, quality control, scientific and management personnel; and • add operational, financial, accounting, facilities engineering and information systems personnel, consistent with expanding our operations and our status as a public company. To become and remain profitable, we must succeed in developing and eventually commercializing products with significant market potential. This will require us to be successful in a range of challenging activities, including successfully completing preclinical testing and clinical trials of our product candidates, obtaining regulatory approval for our product candidates and manufacturing, marketing and selling any products for which we may obtain regulatory approval. We are only in the preliminary stages of many of these activities. We may never succeed in these activities and may never generate revenues that are significant or large enough to achieve profitability. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable would depress the market price of our 9 Table of Contents common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business or continue our operations. A decline in the market price of our common stock could also cause you to lose all or a part of your investment. We may need substantial additional funding and may be unable to raise capital when needed, which would force us to delay, reduce or eliminate our product development programs or commercialization efforts. We are a development stage company and, with the exception of ALDEFLUOR and ALDECOUNT, have no commercial products. All of our product candidates are still being developed, and all but ALD-101 are in early stages of clinical development. Our product candidates will require significant additional clinical development and additional investment before they can be commercialized. We anticipate that ALD-101 will not be commercially available for several years, if at all. We expect that our research and development expenses will continue to increase in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we continue our pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of ALD-101 and commence additional clinical trials of ALD-151, ALD-301 and ALD-201 if the ongoing Phase 1 or Phase 1/2 clinical trials of these product candidates yield promising results. In addition, subject to obtaining regulatory approval of any of our product candidates, we expect to incur significant commercialization expenses for product sales and marketing. We may need substantial additional funding and may be unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, which would force us to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and development programs or commercialization efforts. We cannot assure you that our plans will not change or that changed circumstances will not result in the depletion of our capital resources more rapidly than we currently anticipate. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: • the scope, progress and results of our research and preclinical development programs; • the scope, progress, results, costs, timing and outcomes of the clinical trials of our product candidates; • the timing of and the costs involved in obtaining regulatory approvals for our product candidates, a process which could be particularly lengthy or complex given the FDA’s limited experience with marketing approval for therapeutics using adult stem cells; • the costs of building, operating and enhancing our manufacturing facilities and capabilities to support our clinical activities and, if our product candidates are approved, our commercialization activities; • the costs of maintaining, expanding and protecting our intellectual property portfolio, including potential litigation costs and liabilities; • revenues received from sales of our product candidates, if approved by the FDA; • the costs of additional general and administrative personnel, including accounting and finance, legal and human resources employees, as a result of becoming a public company; and • the costs of developing our anticipated internal sales, marketing and distribution capabilities. As a result of these factors, we may need or choose to seek additional funding following this offering. We would likely seek such funding through public or private financings or some combination of the two. We might also seek funding through collaborative arrangements if we determine them to be necessary or appropriate. Additional funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we obtain capital through collaborative arrangements, these arrangements could require us to relinquish rights to our technology or product candidates and could result in our receiving only a portion of the revenues associated with the partnered product. If we raise capital through the sale of equity, or securities convertible into equity, it would result in dilution to our then existing stockholders. If we raise additional capital through the incurrence of indebtedness, we would likely become subject to covenants restricting our business activities, and holders of debt instruments would have rights and privileges senior to those of our equity investors. In addition, servicing the interest and principal repayment obligations under debt facilities could divert funds that would otherwise be available to support research and development, clinical or commercialization activities. 10 Table of Contents If we are unable to obtain adequate financing on a timely basis, we may be required to delay, reduce or eliminate one or more of our product development programs. Our operating history may make it difficult for you to evaluate the success of our business to date and to assess our future viability. Our operations to date have primarily been limited to organizing and staffing our company, developing and securing our technology and undertaking or funding preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates, ALD-101, ALD-151, ALD-301 and ALD-201. We have not yet demonstrated our ability to successfully complete large-scale, pivotal clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals, manufacture a commercial scale product to the satisfaction of the FDA, or conduct sales and marketing activities necessary for successful product commercialization. Consequently, it may be difficult for you to make any predictions about our future success or viability. If we are not able to retain and recruit qualified management and scientific personnel, we may fail in developing or commercializing our technologies and product candidates. Our future success depends to a significant extent on the skills, experience and efforts of our scientific and management teams, including W. Thomas Amick, our chief executive officer, Edward Field, our president and chief operating officer, Dr. Andrew Balber, our chief scientific officer, David Carberry, our chief financial officer, and Dr. Laurence Keller, our chief medical officer. The loss of any or all of these individuals could harm our business and might significantly delay or prevent the achievement of research, development or business objectives. We have entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Amick with an undefined term and offer letters with our other executives. The existence of an employment agreement or offer letter does not, however, guarantee retention of these employees, and we may not be able to retain those individuals for the duration of or beyond the end of their respective terms. We do not maintain “key person” insurance on any of our management personnel. Recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and clinical personnel and, if our products are approved, sales and marketing personnel, will also be critical to our success. We may not be able to attract and retain these personnel on acceptable terms, given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for similarly skilled personnel. We also experience competition for the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel from universities and research institutions. In addition, we rely on outside advisors and key clinical investigators who assist us in formulating our research and development and clinical strategy. A loss of any of these advisors or investigators could compromise our ability to pursue our strategy. Risks Related to the Development of Our Product Candidates If clinical trials of our product candidates fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of the FDA or do not otherwise produce positive results, we may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our product candidates. Before obtaining regulatory approval for the sale of our product candidates, we must conduct, at our own expense, extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates in humans. Clinical testing is expensive, difficult to design and implement, can take many years to complete and is uncertain as to outcome. A failure of one or more of our clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. We may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to receive regulatory approval or commercialize our product candidates, including: • regulators or institutional review boards may not authorize us or our investigators to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at a prospective trial site; 11 Table of Contents • clinical trials of our product candidates may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical trials or abandon product development programs that we expect to be promising; • the number of patients required for clinical trials of our product candidates may be larger than we anticipate, enrollment in these clinical trials may be slower than we anticipate, or participants may drop out of these clinical trials at a higher rate than we anticipate; • our third party contractors may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner or at all; • we might have to suspend or terminate clinical trials of our product candidates for various reasons, including a finding that the participants are being exposed to unacceptable health risks; • regulators or institutional review boards may require that we or our investigators suspend or terminate clinical research for various reasons, including noncompliance with regulatory requirements; • the cost of clinical trials of our product candidates may be greater than we anticipate; • the supply or quality of our product candidates or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials of our product candidates may be insufficient or inadequate; and • our product candidates may have undesirable side effects or other unexpected characteristics, causing us or our investigators to halt or terminate the trials. The FDA placed a clinical hold on the Phase 1 clinical trial of ALD-201 in March 2008 after a patient experienced a ventricular arrhythmia during the injection procedure. The arrhythmia stabilized and the procedure continued without further incident. Because this patient had a history of arrhythmia, the FDA expressed concerns that patients enrolled in this trial who are at risk for ventricular arrhythmia would be at higher risk for adverse effects resulting from catheter manipulation or injections into their heart muscle. Accordingly, the FDA requested an expansion of the exclusion criteria for the trial. The clinical trial protocol for ALD-201 was modified to address the FDA’s concerns, and the FDA removed the clinical hold in April 2008. We cannot assure you, however, that there will not be additional safety concerns relating to this or any of our other clinical trials prior to their completion. If we are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of our product candidates beyond those that we currently contemplate, if we are unable to successfully complete clinical trials of our product candidates or other testing, if the results of these trials or tests are not positive or are only modestly positive, or if there are safety concerns, we may: • be delayed in obtaining marketing approval for our product candidates; • not be able to obtain marketing approval; • obtain approval for indications that are not as broad as intended; • have the product removed from the market after obtaining marketing approval; • be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements; or • be subject to restrictions on how the product is distributed or used. Our product development costs will also increase if we experience delays in testing or approvals. We do not know whether any clinical trials will begin as planned, will need to be restructured or will be completed on schedule, or at all. Significant clinical trial delays also could shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates or allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do and impair our ability to commercialize our product candidates and may harm our business and results of operations. 12 Table of Contents If the FDA concludes that our use of a historical control as the comparator for the pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of ALD-101 is not adequate, regulatory approval of ALD-101 could be prevented or delayed, which would negatively affect our business. We began enrolling patients in a pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of our most advanced product candidate, ALD-101, in March 2008 in pediatric patients receiving cord blood transplants for the treatment of inherited metabolic diseases. We must complete clinical trials to the FDA’s satisfaction before the FDA will agree to review any biologics license application, or BLA, that we submit to the FDA for marketing approval of ALD-101. Our pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial alone may not be sufficient for approval of a BLA. We plan to compare the results of our pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of ALD-101 to results from a historical control group of patients who received cord blood transplants for the same inherited metabolic diseases during the Cord Blood Transplantation, or COBLT, trial. Although the FDA has informed us that it will take into consideration the small number of patients with inherited metabolic diseases available for evaluation in a clinical trial, they have recommended that we seriously consider conducting a clinical trial with a concurrent control arm or a case-match historical control trial rather than using the historical control of the COBLT trial. A case-match historical control trial would involve seeking specific cases in historical databases that match a variety of clinical characteristics similar to those of the patients being studied in our trial that could serve as the control comparator for our trial. In our discussions with the FDA, they have expressed major reservations regarding use of a historical control for this trial and have noted that the acceptability of the COBLT trial as a historical control in particular is unclear as a basis for approval. The FDA has stated that time to engraftment in the COBLT trial was longer than in other published studies and they asked us to comment on this discrepancy. This concern raises the possibility that the FDA may view a comparison of our results to the COBLT trial as overstating the potential efficacy of ALD-101. In our response to the FDA, we reviewed the published studies they cited and concluded that, in each case, either the study was not comparable to the COBLT trial or there were unrelated reasons for the shorter engraftment times. However, the FDA may ultimately disagree with our view. If we complete our pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of ALD-101 using this historical control, the FDA may conclude that this study design is not adequate to approve ALD-101 for commercialization and may require us to conduct additional clinical trials of ALD-101 using a concurrent control or case-match historical control group. This could significantly increase the cost and time required to complete our trials involving ALD-101 and would substantially delay, or could prevent, any potential marketing approval for ALD-101. Our ability to secure FDA approval to commercialize ALD-101 will depend upon separate licensure by the FDA of cord blood to treat inherited metabolic diseases. Our ability to obtain marketing approval for ALD-101, our most advanced product candidate, depends on the separate approval by the FDA of umbilical cord blood for use in patients with inherited metabolic diseases. Cord blood banks can currently supply cord blood units to clinical investigators operating under an Investigational New Drug, or IND, exemption from the FDA for patients faced with a life-threatening illness who need a cord blood transplant. Unless cord blood units are licensed for use by the FDA, only clinical investigators operating under an IND may use cord blood. The FDA has issued draft guidance and solicited comments on a proposal to establish a process for submitting a BLA seeking clearance to manufacture such units for the treatment of blood cancers, such as leukemia. In addition, the FDA is reviewing comments and data submitted by the clinical community as it considers whether to expand its guidance to include the use of cord blood to treat some inherited metabolic diseases, such as those that ALD-101 targets. We cannot predict whether or when the FDA will finalize its guidance document, any entity will submit or obtain approval of a BLA for the use of cord blood to treat inherited metabolic diseases, or the FDA might grant licensure of cord blood to treat inherited metabolic diseases. Absent such licensure, we may not be able to commercialize ALD-101, which would delay and diminish our ability to generate product revenues. 13 Table of Contents Development of our product candidates is subject to significant uncertainty because each is derived from source material that is inherently variable. The number of ALDH br cells in bone marrow varies from patient to patient. Furthermore, although the minimum number of ALDH br cells in a banked cord blood unit is controlled by screening standards, there are differences in the number of ALDH br cells that can be produced from each cord blood unit. This inherent variability may adversely affect our ability to manufacture our products in two ways. First, each cord blood unit or bone marrow collection that we receive and process will yield a different number of ALDH br cells. As a result, we may not be able to consistently produce a product with a sufficient number of ALDH br cells for every patient. Accordingly, we may not be able to treat all patients effectively, or we will have to find other ways to increase the yield of ALDH br cells. If we have to change our manufacturing methods, we may have to perform additional clinical trials. Second, variability in the source material for our product candidates, such as cord blood or bone marrow, may cause variability in the composition of other cells besides the ALDH br cells in our product candidates. Such variability in composition or purity could adversely affect our ability to establish acceptable release specifications and the development and regulatory approval process for our product candidates may be delayed. The results of preclinical studies may not correlate with the results of human clinical trials. In addition, early stage clinical trial results do not ensure success in later stage clinical trials, and interim trial results are not necessarily predictive of final trial results. To date, we have not completed the development of any products through regulatory approval. While we and others have analyzed the potential of our product candidates in preclinical studies with animals, ALD-101 has only been evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial, and each of our other product candidates is currently being evaluated in a Phase 1 or Phase 1/2 clinical trial. The results of preclinical studies evaluating our product candidates in animals may not be predictive of results in clinical trials involving humans, and the outcomes of preclinical studies in animals and early clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials. The final safety and efficacy data from our pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of ALD-101, which will be based on 40 patients, may be less favorable than the data observed to date in the Phase 1 clinical trial of ALD-101, which was based on 24 patients. In addition, the determination of statistical significance of our pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of ALD-101 will require the application of more rigorous statistical procedures than we used to determine statistical significance in the Phase 1 clinical trial of ALD-101. Furthermore, interim results of a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results. For example, the interim results to date in our Phase 1/2 clinical trial of ALD-301 are based on data from 10 patients, only four of whom were treated with ALD-301. This trial is still ongoing, and the final results of this trial may be different from those suggested by our interim analysis. We cannot assure you that the clinical trials of any of our product candidates will ultimately be successful. New information regarding the safety and efficacy of our product candidates that may be less favorable than the data observed to date may arise from our continuing analysis of the data. We may experience delays in enrolling patients in clinical trials of our product candidates, which could delay or prevent the receipt of necessary regulatory approvals. We may not be able to initiate or continue clinical trials of our product candidates if we are unable to locate and enroll a sufficient number of eligible patients to participate in the clinical trials required by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. We may also be unable to engage a sufficient number of clinical trial sites to conduct our trials. For example, in our clinical development of ALD-101 for use in pediatric patients with inherited metabolic diseases, we may experience delays in enrollment in our pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial as a result of the small number of patients with these diseases and the small number of centers that treat these patients. The challenge of enrolling patients will become more difficult if we are required by the FDA or a similar regulatory agency outside the United States to conduct a trial on a larger population than we currently anticipate. In that event, we might be required to seek patients to participate in our trials from Europe or other foreign jurisdictions, which could raise regulatory uncertainties and increase our clinical trial costs. 14 Table of Contents We and our investigators may also face challenges in convincing patients to participate in our clinical trials due to the novelty of our stem cell-based therapies, particularly for the trials of ALD-301 and ALD-201. Some patients may have concerns regarding stem cells that may negatively affect their perception of our therapies and their decision to enroll in our trials. Furthermore, patients suffering from diseases within our target indications may enroll in competing clinical trials, which could negatively affect our ability to complete enrollment of our trials. Enrollment delays in our clinical trials may result in increased development costs for our product candidates, and our inability to enroll a sufficient number of patients for any of our current or future clinical trials would result in significant delays or may require us to abandon one or more clinical trials altogether. We are subject to numerous risks associated with seeking regulatory approval of ALD-201 pursuant to a protocol that requires the use of a medical device that has not received, and may never receive, regulatory approval in the United States. The catheter system we intend to use in connection with the development of ALD-201 is owned by an unaffiliated third party. Our investigators are currently conducting a clinical trial of ALD-201 under a protocol that requires participating clinical investigators to deliver ALD-201 or a placebo, as the case may be, to enrolled patients using a specialized NOGA Cardiac Navigation System and MyoStar™ injection catheter, which we collectively refer to as the MyoStar system. The MyoStar system has been developed by Biosense Webster, a subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson. We believe that the FDA would regulate ALD-201 and the catheter delivery system as a combination product consisting of a therapeutic agent and a device. Accordingly, the commercial deployment of ALD-201 is likely to be dependent upon the MyoStar system or another catheter system securing regulatory approval for use with ALD-201. Neither the MyoStar system nor any other similar catheter system has received regulatory approval or is commercially available in the United States for this use. Therefore, the MyoStar system may currently only be used to administer ALD-201 under investigational protocols. Even if the MyoStar system is approved as an independent device, we believe that it would have to be re-evaluated with ALD-201 in clinical trials as a combination product. Notwithstanding our investment of considerable resources in the development and testing of ALD-201 using the MyoStar system, the MyoStar system may never receive the regulatory approvals that would allow for its commercial use in combination with ALD-201. We are not affiliated with Biosense Webster or any other Johnson & Johnson company. We currently have no right to control the development, clinical testing or refinement of the MyoStar system. Biosense Webster currently has the right to make decisions without consulting with us or considering our views. These decisions could directly or indirectly compromise our ability to secure regulatory approval of ALD-201. These decisions include: • the terms and conditions under which the MyoStar system will be made available for use to trial investigators, or at all; • the terms and conditions under which the diagnostic consoles that are part of the NOGA Cardiac Navigation System will be made available for use to trial investigators, if at all; • the modification of the MyoStar system or any of its components and its protocol for use as a result of information obtained during trials; • the license or sale of MyoStar system-related intellectual property to a third party, potentially including our competitors; • the use of the MyoStar system or any of its components in conjunction with clinical therapies other than ours; • the suspension or abandonment of other clinical trials involving the MyoStar system; and • the suspension or abandonment of efforts to obtain FDA approval or clearance. 15 Table of Contents The unavailability of the MyoStar system, for any reason, would have a material adverse effect on our ALD-201 product development and commercialization efforts as we would be unable to recover the time and money expended prior to such determination of unavailability. Although there are other available catheter systems in the marketplace, we have not evaluated their costs or safety and effectiveness, or whether ALD-201 would be compatible with such catheter systems. Moreover, such catheters may never receive regulatory approvals that would allow for their commercial use in a combination product with ALD-201. We rely on research institutions and treatment centers to conduct and oversee our clinical trials and, in some cases, to maintain regulatory files for our product candidates. If we are not able to secure and maintain agreements with suitable research institutions or treatment centers on acceptable terms to conduct or oversee our clinical trials, or if these institutions do not perform as required, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for, or commercialize, our product candidates. The IND for the Phase 1 clinical trial of ALD-201 is held by a third-party research institution rather than by us, as is the IND under which the Phase 1 clinical trial of ALD-101 was conducted and the Phase 1 clinical trial of ALD-151 is proceeding. As a result, we may have limited or no control over interactions with the FDA regarding trials conducted under these INDs. In the clinical trials for which a research institution holds the IND, we rely on the institution to conduct these clinical trials and correspond with the FDA. For our pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of ALD-101 and our Phase 1/2 clinical trial of ALD-301, we hold the IND and rely on additional entities, such as treatment centers or medical practices, to conduct our clinical trials. Our reliance upon research institutions, hospitals and clinics provides us with less control over the timing and cost of clinical trials and the ability to recruit subjects. If we are unable to enter into and maintain agreements with these entities on acceptable terms, or if any engagement is terminated, we may be unable to enroll patients on a timely basis or otherwise conduct our clinical trials in the manner we anticipate. In addition, there is no guarantee that these entities or any other third parties upon which we rely for administration and conduct of clinical trials of our product candidates will devote adequate time and resources to the clinical trials or perform as required by contract or in accordance with regulatory requirements. If these third parties fail to meet expected deadlines, fail to adhere to the clinical protocols or fail to act in accordance with regulatory requirements, or if they otherwise perform in a substandard manner, clinical trials of our product candidates may be extended, delayed or terminated, and as a result we may not be able to commercialize our product candidates. If the potential of our product candidates to address the indications we are pursuing is not realized and we are unable to demonstrate in clinical trials that our product candidates are safe and effective for those indications, the value of our technology and our development programs could be significantly reduced. We are currently exploring the potential of our product candidates to address their targeted indications. We have not proven in clinical trials that our product candidates will be safe and effective for the indications for which we intend to seek approval. Our product candidates are susceptible to various risks, including undesirable and unintended side effects, inadequate therapeutic efficacy or other characteristics that may prevent or limit their marketing approval or commercial use. We have not treated a sufficient number of patients to allow us to evaluate the most frequent or most serious adverse events that could occur with our product candidates. Any undesirable side effects that might be caused by our product candidates could interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in the denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other regulatory authorities for any or all targeted indications. We could also be required to change the manner in which a product candidate must be administered, which could require us to conduct additional clinical trials. If the potential of our product candidates is not realized, whether as a result of unintended consequences or otherwise, the value of our technology and our development programs could be significantly reduced. 16 Table of Contents Risks Related to the Commercialization of Our Product Candidates Our product candidates are based on novel stem cell technologies that are inherently risky and may not be understood or accepted by the marketplace. We are subject to the risks of failure inherent in the development and commercialization of therapeutic products based on new technologies. The novel nature of our therapeutics based on adult stem cells creates significant challenges with regards to product development and optimization, manufacturing, government regulation, third-party reimbursement and market acceptance. For example, the FDA has relatively limited experience approving and regulating therapies based on adult stem cells. Even if we successfully develop and obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates, the market may not understand or accept them, which could adversely affect our future sales. We are developing product candidates that are new treatments. Our future success depends, in part, upon a small number of practitioners who serve as key industry thought leaders. If these parties have or develop a negative perception of our company or our product candidates, our potential for commercial success could be harmed. The degree of market acceptance of any of our product candidates will depend on a number of factors, including: • the clinical safety and effectiveness of our product candidates, the availability of alternative treatments and the perceived advantages of our product candidates over alternative treatments; • the relative convenience and ease of administration of our product candidates; • our ability to separate our product candidates, which are based on adult stem cells, from the ethical and political controversies associated with stem cell drug candidates derived from human embryonic or fetal tissue; • ethical concerns that may arise regarding our commercial use of donated stem cells or donated human tissue of any kind, including adult stem cells, adult bone marrow and other adult tissues, in the manufacture of our product candidates; • the frequency and severity of adverse events or other undesirable side effects involving our product candidates or the products or product candidates of others that are stem cell-based; and • the cost of our products, the reimbursement policies of government and third-party payors and our ability to obtain sufficient third-party coverage or reimbursement. We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing products before or more successfully than we do. Our industry is subject to rapid and intense technological change. We face, and will continue to face, intense competition from pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, as well as numerous academic and research institutions and governmental agencies engaged in drug discovery activities or funding, both in the United States and abroad. Some of these competitors are pursuing the development of drugs and other therapies that target the same diseases and conditions that we are targeting with our product candidates. There are no therapies currently approved by the FDA to improve cord blood transplants. However, we are aware of one product candidate in clinical development, Gamida Cell Ltd.’s StemEx, which may compete with ALD-151 in leukemia patients. Other therapies are also being developed to treat the underlying diseases that are treated with cord blood transplants. These competing therapies could be a competitive threat to our ALD-101 and ALD-151 product candidates to the extent that alternative therapies diminish the need for cord blood transplants to treat these diseases. For example, some inherited metabolic diseases, including Hurler syndrome, are currently treated with approved and marketed enzyme replacement therapies. Additionally, a few inherited metabolic diseases can be treated with a transplant of primary cell lines that manufacture the deficient enzyme. 17 Table of Contents For our cardiovascular product candidates, we generally target patients without other revascularization options. Therefore, we do not believe that we will compete directly with pharmaceutical therapies being developed to treat less severe stages of our target indications. However, to the extent that therapies are developed that reverse the progression of the ischemic damage or improve blood flow, it could have the effect of reducing demand for our ALD-301 and ALD-201 product candidates. New pharmaceutical agents or devices that improve the repair of cardiac injury after a heart attack, with the result that fewer patients develop ischemic heart failure, would also represent a competitive threat for ALD-201. In addition, cell-based therapies, such as skeletal myoblasts and bone marrow-derived stem cell therapies, are being pursued by companies such as Aastrom Biosciences, Inc. and Bioheart, Inc. Some other companies, such as Harvest Technologies, Inc., Cytori Therapeutics, Inc. and Baxter International, Inc., are developing devices to facilitate the production of therapeutic cell populations by clinicians for the treatment of our target indications. We may also face competition in the future from other companies that are researching and developing stem cell therapies. We are aware of many companies working in this area. Many of the companies competing against us have financial and other resources substantially greater than we do. In addition, many of our competitors have significantly greater experience in testing pharmaceutical and other therapeutic products, obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals of products, and marketing and selling those products. If we obtain necessary regulatory approval and commence significant commercial sales of our products, we will also be competing with respect to manufacturing efficiency and marketing capabilities, areas in which we have limited or no commercial-scale experience. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated by our competitors. Competition may increase further as a result of advances made in the commercial applicability of our technologies and greater availability of capital for investment in these fields. As a result, our competitors may: • develop products that are safer or more effective than ours; • obtain FDA and other regulatory approvals or reach the market with their products more rapidly than we can, reducing the potential sales of our product candidates; • develop new or improved technologies and scientific advances; • obtain patent protection that could impact our ability to market our product candidates; • devote greater resources to market or sell their products; • initiate or withstand substantial price competition more successfully than we can; • recruit skilled scientific workers from the limited pool of available talent; and • take advantage of acquisition or other opportunities more readily than we can. The successful commercialization of our product candidates will depend on obtaining reimbursement from third-party payors. If we successfully develop and obtain the necessary regulatory approvals, we intend to sell our products initially in the United States. In the United States, the market for any pharmaceutical or biologic product is affected by the availability of reimbursement from third-party payors, such as government health administration authorities, private health insurers, health maintenance organizations and pharmacy benefit management companies. We anticipate that our products, if approved, will be expensive. If we cannot demonstrate a favorable cost-benefit relationship, we may have difficulty obtaining adequate reimbursement for our products from these payors. Third-party payors may also deny coverage or offer inadequate levels of reimbursement for any of our potential products if they determine that the product is experimental, unnecessary or inappropriate. 18 Table of Contents Should we seek to expand our commercialization internationally, we would be subject to the regulations of the European Union and other countries, where the pricing of prescription pharmaceutical products and services and the level of government reimbursement may be subject to governmental control. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take six to 12 months or longer after the receipt of marketing approval for a product. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we may be required to conduct one or more clinical trials that compares the cost effectiveness of our product candidates or products to other available therapies. Conducting one or more of these clinical trials would be expensive and result in delays in commercialization of our products. Managing and reducing healthcare costs has been a general concern of federal and state governments in the United States and of foreign governments. We might be subject to future regulations or other cost-control initiatives that materially restrict the price we can receive for our products. Third-party payors may also limit reimbursement for newly approved healthcare products generally or limit the indications for which they will reimburse patients who use any products that we may develop. Cost control initiatives could decrease the price for products that we may develop, which would result in lower product revenues to us. We have only limited experience manufacturing our product candidates. We may not be able to manufacture our product candidates in compliance with evolving regulatory standards or in quantities sufficient for commercial sale. Components of therapeutic products approved for commercial sale or used in late-stage clinical trials must be manufactured in accordance with current good manufacturing practices, or cGMP, as required by the FDA. Manufacturers of cell-based product candidates such as ours also must comply with the FDA’s current good tissue practices, or cGTP. Manufacture of live cellular-based products is complex and subjects us to significant regulatory burdens that may change over time. We may encounter difficulties in the production of our product candidates due to our limited manufacturing capabilities. To date, we have not built commercial-scale manufacturing facilities, and we have only limited manufacturing experience with our product candidates. These difficulties could reduce sales of our products, if they are approved for marketing, increase our costs or cause production delays, any of which could damage our reputation and hurt our profitability. If we successfully obtain marketing approval for ALD-301 and ALD-201, which potentially have large addressable patient populations, we may not be able to efficiently produce sufficient quantities of these products to meet potential commercial demand. We expect that we would need to significantly expand our manufacturing capabilities to meet potential demand for these products. Such expansion would require additional regulatory approvals. We may also encounter difficulties in the commercial-scale manufacture of all of our product candidates. We are currently developing new processes and instruments to address limitations of our manufacturing process, such as increasing the speed of our cell sorting. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to develop these enhancements timely, on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. We may need to demonstrate that our product candidates manufactured using any new processes or instruments are comparable to our product candidates used in clinical trials. Depending on the type and degree of differences, we may be required to conduct additional studies or clinical trials to demonstrate comparability. In addition, some changes in our manufacturing processes or procedures, including a change in the location where a product candidate is manufactured, generally require prior FDA or foreign regulatory authority review and approval for determining our compliance with cGMP and cGTP. We may need to conduct additional preclinical studies and clinical trials to support approval of any such changes. Furthermore, this review process could be costly and time-consuming and could delay or prevent the commercialization of our product candidates. 19 Table of Contents If our sole clinical manufacturing facility is damaged or destroyed, our business and prospects would be negatively affected. We have a manufacturing facility located at our corporate headquarters in Durham, North Carolina at which we produce product candidates for our clinical trials. If this facility or the equipment in it is significantly damaged or destroyed, we may not be able to quickly or inexpensively replace our manufacturing capacity or replace it at all. In the event of a temporary or protracted loss of this facility or equipment, we might not be able to transfer manufacturing to a third party. Even if we could transfer manufacturing to a third party, the shift would likely be expensive and time-consuming, particularly since the new facility would need to comply with the necessary regulatory requirements and we would need FDA approval before selling any products manufactured at that facility. Such an event could delay our clinical trials or, if our product candidates are approved by the FDA, reduce our product sales. Currently, we maintain insurance coverage totaling $1.8 million against damage to our property and equipment and an additional $700,000 to cover business interruption and research and development restoration expenses. If we have underestimated our insurance needs with respect to an interruption in our clinical manufacturing of our product candidates, we may not be able to cover our losses. We are currently working with a third-party vendor to develop new cell sorting technology. If we experience any delay or disruption or other unforeseen event in connection with this development arrangement, it could hurt our business. We have an arrangement with Innovative Micro Technology, or IMT, relating to the development of a new cell sorting machine that we refer to as the Aldesorter. The Aldesorter is based upon micro-electrical-mechanical systems, or MEMS, chips that we believe will enhance our cell sorting speed and capabilities. We currently anticipate that the Aldesorter and the related MEMS chips will be key components of our long-term ability to manufacture our product candidates for commercial sale if our products are approved. Our success in completing the development of the Aldesorter could be impaired by: • a failure of IMT to conduct their contractual responsibilities in a timely manner, or a breach or termination of their arrangement with us; • a failure of IMT to comply with legal or regulatory requirements; • variations in the operation or financial results of IMT, including additions or departures of key IMT personnel; and • market conditions or competition in the sectors affecting IMT. The occurrence of any of the above disruptions or other unforeseen events relating to the development efforts of IMT could harm our potential for success or delay or prevent the achievement of our development or business objectives. We may use third-party collaborators to help us develop or commercialize our product candidates, and our ability to commercialize such candidates may be impaired or delayed if collaborations are unsuccessful. We may in the future selectively pursue strategic collaborations for the development and commercialization of our cardiovascular product candidates and for the international development and commercialization of all of our product candidates. For example, we may not be able to commercialize our ALD-201 product candidate successfully without entering into an arrangement with a third party to provide an approved method of administration. ALD-201 is currently administered by injection directly into a patient’s heart muscle using a specialized catheter, but neither this method of administration nor the catheter has been approved or cleared by the FDA or any other regulatory authority. In any future third-party collaboration, we would be dependent upon the success of the collaborators in performing their responsibilities and their continued cooperation. Our 20 Table of Contents collaborators may not cooperate with us or perform their obligations under our agreements with them. We cannot control the amount and timing of our collaborators’ resources that will be devoted to performing their responsibilities under our agreements with them. Our collaborators may choose to pursue alternative technologies in preference to those being developed in collaboration with us. The development and commercialization of our product candidates will be delayed if collaborators fail to conduct their responsibilities in a timely manner or in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements or if they breach or terminate their collaboration agreements with us. Disputes with our collaborators could also result in product development delays, decreased revenues and litigation expenses. If we market any approved products through a direct sales force, we would need to either hire a sales force with expertise in biologic products or contract with a third party to provide a sales force to meet our needs. We do not currently have a sales or marketing organization, and we have no experience in the sale, marketing or distribution of biologic products. To achieve commercial success for any approved product, we must either develop a sales and marketing organization or outsource these functions to third parties. Our corporate strategy for our cord blood transplantation products includes a plan to develop an internal sales organization to promote these products, if approved. We may be unable to establish marketing, sales and distribution capabilities necessary to commercialize and gain market acceptance for any of our product candidates and to be competitive. In addition, co-promotion or other marketing arrangements with third parties to commercialize product candidates could significantly limit the revenues we derive from these product candidates, and these third parties may fail to commercialize our product candidates successfully. Ethical and other concerns surrounding the use of stem cell-based therapy or donated human tissue may negatively affect public perception of us or our product candidates, thereby reducing potential demand for our products. The commercial success of our product candidates, which are based on adult stem cells, will depend in part on general public acceptance of the use of stem cell-based therapy and donated human tissue for the prevention or treatment of human diseases. The use of embryonic stem cells and fetal tissue for research and stem cell therapy has been the subject of substantial national and international debate regarding related ethical, legal and social issues. In the United States, for example, federal government funding of embryonic stem cell research has been limited to specifically identified cell lines and is not otherwise available. We do not use embryonic stem cells or fetal tissue in any of our product candidates, but the public may not be able to, or may fail to, differentiate our use of adult stem cells from the use by others of embryonic stem cells or fetal tissue. This could result in a negative perception of our company or our product candidates. We obtain our stem cells from volunteer cord blood donors or from the bone marrow collected from the patient receiving the therapy. Cord blood donors do not receive payment or other benefit from use of their cells. Some people have raised ethical concerns about the use of donated human tissue in a commercial setting, which could also negatively affect the perception of our product candidates and inhibit their commercialization in a successful manner. 21 Table of Contents ALD-101 and ALD-151 are derived from human cord blood sources and therefore have the potential for disease transmission. Our use of donated human cord blood creates the potential for transmission of a number of communicable infectious diseases, including HIV, viral hepatitis, syphilis or Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease, which is the human form of mad cow disease, as well as other viruses and fungal or bacterial pathogens. We are required to comply with federal and state regulations intended to prevent the transmission of communicable disease, and public cord blood banks that supply our source material for ALD-101 and ALD-151 are required to comply with such regulations in connection with their collection, storage and supply to us. Despite taking what we believe are appropriate precautionary measures: • we or our suppliers may fail to comply with such regulations; • even with compliance, our product candidates might nevertheless be associated by the public with transmission of disease; and • a patient that contracts an infectious disease might assert that the use of our product resulted in disease transmission, even if the patient became infected through another source. Any actual or alleged transmission of communicable disease could result in patient claims, litigation, distraction of management’s attention and potentially increased expenses. Further, any failure in screening, whether by us or other manufacturers of similar products, could adversely affect our reputation, the support we receive from the medical community and the overall demand for our products, if approved for marketing. As a result, such actions or claims, whether or not directed at us, could harm our reputation with our customers and our ability to market our products, if approved. The use of our product candidates in human subjects may expose us to product liability claims, and we may not be able to obtain adequate insurance for these claims. We face an inherent risk of product liability exposure related to the testing of our product candidates in human clinical trials and will face an even greater risk if we commercially sell any products that we may develop. None of our product candidates has been widely used over an extended period of time, and therefore our safety data are limited. We derive the raw materials for manufacturing of our product candidates from human cell sources, and therefore the manufacturing process and handling requirements are extensive, which increases the risk of quality failures and subsequent product liability claims. We currently have $3.0 million of product liability insurance for our product candidates which are in clinical testing. We will need to increase our insurance coverage when we begin commercializing our product candidates, if ever. We may not be able to obtain or maintain product liability insurance on acceptable terms with adequate coverage or at all. If we are unable to obtain and maintain adequate insurance, or if claims against us substantially exceed our coverage, then our financial position could be significantly impaired. Whether or not we are ultimately successful in any product liability litigation, such litigation could consume substantial amounts of our financial and managerial resources and could result in: • decreased demand for any products or product candidates we may develop; • significant awards against us; • substantial litigation costs; • injury to our reputation; and • withdrawal of clinical trial participants. 22 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property If our patent position does not adequately protect our product candidates or any future products, others could compete against us more directly. Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our product candidates. The patent position of biotechnology companies is generally highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions and has been the subject of much litigation. The claims of the issued U.S. patents that are licensed to us, and the claims of any patents which may issue in the future and be owned by or licensed to us, may not confer on us significant commercial protection against competing products. Third parties may challenge, narrow, invalidate or circumvent any patents we own or license currently or in the future. Also, our pending patent applications may not issue, and we may not receive any additional patents. Our patents might not contain claims that are sufficiently broad to prevent others from utilizing our technologies. Consequently, our competitors may independently develop competing products that do not infringe our patents or other intellectual property. For instance, the two issued U.S. patents relating to our product candidates are limited to a particular chemistry in the manufacturing process. To the extent a competitor can develop similar products using a different chemistry, these patents will not prevent others from directly competing with us. Because of the extensive time required for development, testing and regulatory review of a potential product, it is possible that, before any of our product candidates can be commercialized, any related patent may expire or remain in force for only a short period following commercialization, thereby reducing any advantages of the patent. For instance, one of our patents relating to our technology will expire in 2019. To the extent our product candidates based on that technology are not commercialized significantly ahead of this date, or to the extent we have no other patent protection on such product candidates, those product candidates would not be protected by patents beyond 2019. The background technologies used in the development of our product candidates are known in the scientific community, and it is possible to duplicate the methods we use to create our product candidates. Similar considerations apply in any other country where we are prosecuting patents, have been issued patents, or have licensed patents or patent applications relating to our technology. The laws of foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as do laws of the United States. If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our proprietary information and know-how, our competitive position would be impaired. A significant amount of our technology, especially regarding manufacturing processes, is unpatented and is maintained by us as trade secrets. In an effort to protect these trade secrets, we require our employees, consultants, collaborators and advisors to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of their relationships with us. These agreements require that all confidential information developed by the individual or made known to the individual by us during the course of the individual’s relationship with us be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties. These agreements, however, may not provide us with adequate protection against improper use or disclosure of confidential information, and these agreements may be breached. Adequate remedies may not exist in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information. A breach of confidentiality could affect our competitive position. In addition, in some situations, these agreements may conflict with, or be subject to, the rights of third parties with whom our employees, consultants, collaborators or advisors have previous employment or consulting relationships. Also, others may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets. If we fail to comply with our obligations in our intellectual property licenses with third parties, we could lose license rights that are important to our business. We have acquired rights to some of our product candidates under license agreements with third parties and expect to enter into additional licenses in the future. These licenses provide us rights to third party intellectual property that is necessary for our business. For example, we acquired from Duke University and Johns Hopkins University the exclusive worldwide right to patents relating to our core technology. 23 Table of Contents Our existing licenses impose, and we expect that future licenses would impose, numerous obligations on us, including development and commercialization requirements, milestone and royalty payments, sublicensing obligations, patent protection and maintenance covenants and insurance requirements. If we fail to comply with these obligations or otherwise breach the license agreement, the licensor may have the right to terminate the license in whole, terminate the exclusive nature of the license or bring a claim against us for damages. Any such termination or claim could prevent or impede our ability to market any product that is covered by the licensed patents. Even if we contest any such termination or claim and are ultimately successful, our financial results and stock price could suffer. In addition, upon any termination of a license agreement, we may be required to grant to the licensor a license to any related intellectual property that we developed. If we infringe or are alleged to infringe intellectual property rights of third parties, our business could be harmed. Our research, development and commercialization activities, including any product candidates resulting from these activities, may infringe or be claimed to infringe patents owned by third parties and to which we do not hold licenses or other rights. There may be applications that have been filed but not published that, when issued, could be asserted against us. These third parties could bring claims against us that would cause us to incur substantial expenses and, if successful against us, could cause us to pay substantial damages. Further, if a patent infringement suit were brought against us, we could be forced to stop or delay research, development, manufacturing or sales of the product or product candidate that is the subject of the suit. For example, we are aware of patents owned by third parties that are directed toward sorting stem cells with different cell surface markers and the use thereof. Our preliminary research suggests that our product candidates, upon commercialization, would not infringe a valid claim of these patents. However, our review of these patents is still at an early stage, and our views are subject to change. As a result of patent infringement claims, or in order to avoid potential claims, we may choose or be required to seek a license from the third party. These licenses may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Even if we are able to obtain a license, the license would likely obligate us to pay license fees or royalties or both, and the rights granted to us might be nonexclusive, which could result in our competitors gaining access to the same intellectual property. Ultimately, we could be prevented from commercializing a product, or be forced to cease some aspect of our business operations, if, as a result of actual or threatened patent infringement claims, we are unable to enter into licenses on acceptable terms. All of the issues described above could also affect our potential collaborators to the extent we have any collaborations then in place, which would also affect the success of the collaboration and therefore us. There has been substantial litigation and other proceedings regarding patent and other intellectual property rights in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. In addition to infringement claims against us, we may become a party to other patent litigation and other proceedings, including interference proceedings declared by the U. S. Patent and Trademark Office and opposition proceedings in the European Patent Office, regarding intellectual property rights with respect to our product candidates and technology. The cost to us of any patent litigation or other proceeding, even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their substantially greater financial resources. Patent litigation and other proceedings may also absorb significant management time. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace. 24 Table of Contents We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or the patents of our potential collaborators or licensors, which could be expensive and time consuming. Competitors may infringe our patents or the patents of our potential collaborators or licensors. As a result, we may be required to file infringement claims to counter infringement or unauthorized use. This can be expensive, particularly for a company of our size, and time-consuming. In addition, in an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours is not valid or is unenforceable, or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover its technology. An adverse determination of any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing. We are aware of several companies that are employing stem cell sorting technology in their research and product development efforts. If these companies commercialize these products, there is no assurance that we would have a basis for initiating patent infringement proceedings or that if initiated we would prevail in such proceedings. Interference proceedings brought by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect to our patent applications or those of our potential collaborators or licensors. Litigation or interference proceedings may fail and, even if successful, may result in substantial costs and distraction to our management. We may not be able, alone or with our potential collaborators and licensors, to prevent misappropriation of our proprietary rights, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect such rights as fully as in the United States. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition, during the course of this kind of litigation, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If investors perceive these results to be negative, the market price for our common stock could be significantly harmed. Risks Related to Regulatory Approval and Other Government Regulations If we are not able to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals for any of our product candidates, we may not generate sufficient revenues to continue our business operations. Our product candidates, and the activities associated with their development and commercialization, including their testing, manufacture, safety, efficacy, recordkeeping, labeling, storage, approval, advertising, promotion, sale and distribution, are subject to comprehensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory agencies in the United States and by comparable authorities in states and in other countries. Our failure to obtain regulatory approval for a product candidate will prevent us from commercializing the product candidate. We have not received regulatory approval to market any of our product candidates in any jurisdiction. Securing FDA approval typically requires the submission of extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to the FDA for each therapeutic indication to establish the product candidate’s safety and efficacy. Securing FDA approval also requires the submission of information about the product manufacturing process to, and inspection of manufacturing facilities by, the FDA. Our future products may not be effective, may be only moderately effective or may prove to have undesirable or unintended side effects, toxicities or other characteristics that may preclude our obtaining regulatory approval or may prevent or limit commercial use. We began enrolling patients in a pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of our most advanced product candidate, ALD-101, in March 2008. We must complete clinical trials to the FDA’s satisfaction before we can receive its approval to market this product candidate. Our ongoing pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial alone may not be sufficient for approval of a BLA. Collection of data needed for submission of an acceptable BLA may take several years and will require the expenditure of substantial resources. The FDA could require more extensive clinical trials of ALD-101, potentially including trials with greater numbers of sites and patients or trials using a different control group, as a condition to approval of ALD-101, or could impose other costly conditions prior to approval. If our 25 Table of Contents clinical trials fail to demonstrate to the FDA that ALD-101 is safe and effective, in accordance with the FDA’s standards, it will not receive regulatory approval. The process of obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals is expensive, often takes many years, if approval is obtained at all, and can vary substantially based upon a variety of factors, including the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved and challenges by competitors. Moreover, because all of our product candidates are based on our ALDH br stem cell technology, any adverse events in our clinical trials of one of our product candidates could negatively affect the clinical trials and approval process for our other candidates. Changes in regulatory approval policies during the development period, changes in or the enactment of additional statutes or regulations, or changes in regulatory review for each submitted product application, may cause delays in the approval or rejection of an application or may make it easier for our competitors to gain regulatory approval to enter the marketplace. The FDA has substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide that our data are insufficient for approval and require additional preclinical, clinical or other studies. In addition, varying agency interpretations of the data obtained from preclinical and clinical testing could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval of a product candidate. Any regulatory approval we ultimately obtain may be limited or subject to restrictions or post-approval commitments that render the approved product not commercially viable. Any of the following factors, among others, may cause regulatory approval for our product candidates to be delayed, limited or denied: • our product candidates require significant clinical testing to demonstrate safety and effectiveness before applications for marketing approval can be filed with the FDA; • data obtained from preclinical and nonclinical animal testing and clinical trials can be interpreted in different ways, and the FDA may not agree with our interpretations or may require us to conduct additional testing; • it may take many years to complete the testing of our product candidates, and failure can occur at any stage of the process; • the FDA may not grant licensure for the use of cord blood in our target indications; • negative or inconclusive results or the occurrence of serious or unexpected adverse events during a clinical trial could cause us to delay or terminate development efforts for a product candidate; and • commercialization may be delayed if the FDA requires us to expand the size and scope of the clinical trials. Any difficulties that we encounter in obtaining regulatory approval could have a substantial adverse impact on our ability to generate product sales and cause our stock price to decline significantly. If we or our investigators are not able to conduct the clinical trials of our product candidates in accordance with regulations and accepted standards, and on schedule, regulatory approval by the FDA and other regulatory authorities may be delayed or denied. To obtain marketing approvals for our products in the United States, we must, among other requirements, complete adequate and well-controlled clinical trials sufficient to demonstrate to the FDA that the product candidate is safe and effective, for each indication for which we seek approval. Several factors could prevent completion or cause significant delay of these trials, including an inability to enroll the required number of patients or failure to demonstrate adequately that our product candidates are safe and effective for use in humans. Negative or inconclusive results from, or serious adverse events during, a clinical trial could cause the clinical trial to be repeated or a development program to be terminated, even if other studies or trials relating to the program are successful. A serious adverse event is an event that results in significant medical consequences, such as hospitalization, disability or death, and must be reported to the FDA. We cannot predict whether safety 26 Table of Contents concerns regarding our product candidates will or will not develop. The FDA can place a clinical trial on hold if, among other reasons, it finds that patients enrolled in the trial are or would be exposed to an unreasonable and significant risk of illness or injury. If safety concerns develop, we may, or the FDA or an institutional review board may require us to, stop our trials before completion. The completion of our clinical trials may be delayed or terminated for many reasons, including if: • the FDA or other regulatory authority does not grant permission to proceed and places the trial on clinical hold; • subjects do not enroll in our clinical trials at the rate we expect; • subjects experience an unacceptable rate or severity of adverse side effects; • third-party clinical investigators do not perform our clinical trials on our anticipated schedule or consistent with the clinical trial protocol, good clinical practices required by the FDA and other regulatory requirements, or other third parties do not perform data collection and analysis in a timely or accurate manner; • inspections of clinical trial sites by the FDA or by institutional review boards of research institutions participating in our clinical trials, reveal regulatory violations that require us to undertake corrective action, suspend or terminate one or more sites, or prohibit us from using some or all of the data in support of our marketing applications; or • the FDA or one or more institutional review boards suspends or terminates the trial at an investigational site, precludes enrollment of additional subjects or withdraws its approval of the trial. Our development costs will increase if we have material delays in our clinical trials, or if we are required to modify, suspend, terminate or repeat a clinical trial. If we are unable to conduct our clinical trials properly and on schedule, marketing approval may be delayed or denied by FDA. Any product for which we obtain marketing approval will be subject to extensive ongoing regulatory requirements, and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if we experience unanticipated problems with our products, when and if any of them are approved. Any product for which we obtain marketing approval, along with the manufacturing processes, post-approval clinical data, labeling, advertising and promotional activities for such product, will be subject to continual requirements of and review by the FDA and comparable regulatory authorities. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration requirements, cGMP and cGTP requirements relating to quality control, quality assurance and corresponding maintenance of records and documents, requirements regarding the distribution of samples to physicians, requirements relating to product labeling, advertising and promotion, and recordkeeping. Even if regulatory approval of a product is granted, the approval may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or to other conditions of approval. For example, we will not be permitted to advertise or promote ALD-101 based on claims that a reduction in engraftment times could lead to reductions in post-transplant complications, length of hospital stays or reductions in costs associated with hospital stays. In addition, approval may contain requirements for costly post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety or efficacy of the product. Discovery after approval of previously unknown problems with our products, manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in actions such as: • restrictions on such products’ manufacturing processes; • restrictions on the marketing of a product; • restrictions on product distribution; • requirements to conduct post-marketing clinical trials; 27 Table of Contents • warning letters; • withdrawal of the products from the market; • refusal to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications that we submit; • recall of products; • fines, restitution or disgorgement of profits or revenue; • suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals; • refusal to permit the import or export of our products; • product seizure; • injunctions; or • imposition of civil or criminal penalties. Failure to obtain regulatory approval in international jurisdictions would prevent us from marketing products abroad. We may in the future seek to market some of our product candidates outside the United States. In order to market our product candidates in the European Union and many other jurisdictions, we must submit clinical data concerning our product candidates and obtain separate regulatory approvals and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements. The approval procedure varies among countries and can involve additional testing. The time required to obtain approval from foreign regulators may be longer than the time required to obtain FDA approval. The regulatory approval process outside the United States may include all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval. In addition, in many countries outside the United States, it is required that the product candidate be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that country. In some cases this may include approval of the price we intend to charge for our product, if approved. We may not obtain approvals from regulatory authorities outside the United States on a timely basis, or at all. Approval by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions, and approval by one regulatory authority outside the United States does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions or by the FDA, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country may negatively affect the regulatory process in other countries. We may not be able to file for regulatory approvals and may not receive necessary approvals to commercialize any products in any market and therefore may not be able to generate sufficient revenues to support our business. Our business involves the use of hazardous materials that could expose us to environmental and other liability. Our manufacturing facility located at our corporate headquarters in Durham, North Carolina is subject to various local, state and federal laws and regulations relating to safe working conditions, laboratory and manufacturing practices and the use and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances, including chemicals, micro-organisms and various radioactive compounds used in connection with our research and development activities. In the United States, these laws include the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Toxic Test Substances Control Act and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. We cannot assure you that accidental contamination or injury to our employees and third parties from hazardous materials will not occur. We do not have insurance to cover claims arising from our use and disposal of these hazardous substances other than limited clean-up expense coverage for environmental contamination due to an otherwise insured peril, such as fire. 28 Table of Contents Recently enacted legislation may make it more difficult and costly for us to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates and to produce, market and distribute our product candidates after approval. In September 2007, the President of the United States signed the Food and Drug Administration Amendments Act of 2007, or the FDAAA. The FDAAA grants a variety of new powers to the FDA, many of which are aimed at improving drug safety and assuring the safety of drug products after approval. For example, the FDA may impose a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy if the FDA deems it necessary to ensure that product benefits outweigh product risks. Under the FDAAA, companies that violate the new law are subject to substantial civil monetary penalties. While we expect the FDAAA to have a substantial effect on the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, the extent of that effect is not yet known. As the FDA issues regulations, guidance and interpretations relating to the new legislation, the impact on the industry, as well as our business, will become clearer. The new requirements and other changes that the FDAAA imposes may make it more difficult, and likely more costly, to obtain approval of new pharmaceutical products and to produce, market and distribute products after approval. Risks Related to this Offering An active trading market for our common stock may not develop. Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for our common stock. The initial public offering price for our common stock has been determined through negotiations with the underwriters and may bear no relationship to the price at which the common stock will trade upon completion of this offering. Although we have applied to have our common stock listed on The NASDAQ Global Market, an active trading market for our shares may never develop or be sustained following this offering. If an active market for our common stock does not develop, it may be difficult to sell shares you purchase in this offering without depressing the market price for the shares or to sell your shares at all. The trading price of the shares of our common stock is likely to be volatile, and purchasers of our common stock could incur substantial losses. Our stock price is likely to be volatile. The stock market in general and the market for biotechnology companies in particular have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. As a result of this volatility, investors may not be able to sell their common stock at or above the initial public offering price. The market price for our common stock may be influenced by many factors, including: • results of clinical trials of our product candidates or those of our competitors; • regulatory or legal developments in the United States and foreign countries; • variations in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; • changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems; • announcements by us of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; • market conditions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors and issuance of securities analysts’ reports or recommendations; • sales of substantial amounts of our stock by existing stockholders; • sales of our stock by insiders and large stockholders; • general economic, industry and market conditions; • additions or departures of key personnel; • intellectual property, product liability or other litigation against us; • expiration or termination of our potential relationships with collaborators; and • the other factors described in this “Risk Factors” section. 29 Table of Contents In addition, in the past, stockholders have initiated class action lawsuits against biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies following periods of volatility in the market prices of these companies’ stock. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could cause us to incur substantial costs and divert management’s attention and resources. If you purchase shares of our common stock in this offering, you will suffer immediate dilution of your investment. We expect the initial public offering price of our common stock to be substantially higher than the net tangible book value per share of our common stock. Therefore, if you purchase shares of our common stock in this offering, you will pay a price per share that substantially exceeds our pro forma net tangible book value per share after this offering. Based on an assumed initial public offering price of $ per share, which is the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, you will experience immediate dilution of $ per share, representing the difference between our pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value per share after giving effect to this offering and the assumed initial public offering price. In addition, purchasers of common stock in this offering will have contributed approximately % of the aggregate price paid by all purchasers of our common stock but will own only approximately % of our common stock outstanding after this offering. In addition, as of April 30, 2008, we had outstanding stock options to purchase an aggregate of 5,996,472 shares of common stock at a weighted-average exercise price of $0.27 per share and outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,771,370 shares of our common stock, assuming the conversion of preferred stock issuable upon the exercise of the warrants, at a weighted average exercise price of $0.79 per share. To the extent these outstanding options and warrants are exercised, there will be further dilution to investors in this offering. A significant portion of our total outstanding shares are restricted from immediate resale but may be sold into the market in the near future. This could cause the market price of our common stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. If our stockholders sell, or the market perceives that our stockholders intend to sell, substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market following this offering, the market price of our common stock could decline significantly. Upon completion of this offering, we will have outstanding shares of common stock, assuming no exercise of outstanding options or warrants. Of these shares, the shares sold in this offering and additional shares will be freely tradable, additional shares of common stock will be eligible for sale in the public market beginning 90 days after the date of this prospectus, subject to volume, manner of sale and other limitations of Rule 144 and Rule 701, and additional shares of common stock will be available for sale in the public market beginning 180 days after the date of this prospectus following the expiration of lock-up agreements between our stockholders and the underwriters. The representatives of the underwriters may release these stockholders from their 180-day lock-up agreements with the underwriters at any time and without notice, which would allow for earlier sales of shares in the public market. In addition, after this offering, holders of an aggregate of shares of our common stock will have rights, subject to some exceptions, limitations, and conditions, to require us to file registration statements covering their shares or to include their shares in registration statements that we may file for ourselves or other stockholders. We also intend to register the shares of common stock that we may issue in the future under our equity compensation plans. Once we register these shares, they can be freely sold in the public market upon issuance, subject to the 180-day lock-up agreements with our underwriters. Provisions in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law may prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to change our management and hinder efforts to acquire a controlling interest in us, and the market price of our common stock may be lower as a result. There are provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as they will be in effect following this offering, that may make it difficult for a third party to acquire, or attempt to acquire, control of our company, even if a change in control was considered favorable by you and other stockholders. For example, our board of directors 30 Table of Contents will have the authority to issue up to shares of preferred stock. The board of directors can fix the price, rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions of the preferred stock without any further vote or action by our stockholders. The issuance of shares of preferred stock may delay or prevent a change in control transaction. As a result, the market price of our common stock and the voting and other rights of our stockholders may be adversely affected. An issuance of shares of preferred stock may result in the loss of voting control to other stockholders. Our charter documents will also contain other provisions that could have an anti-takeover effect, including: • only one of our three classes of directors will be elected each year; • stockholders will not be entitled to remove directors other than by a 66 2 / 3 % vote and only for cause; • stockholders will not be permitted to take actions by written consent; • stockholders cannot call a special meeting of stockholders; and • stockholders must give advance notice to nominate directors or submit proposals for consideration at stockholder meetings. In addition, we are subject to the anti-takeover provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which regulates corporate acquisitions. These provisions could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent a change in control transaction. They could also have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for our common stock. These provisions may also prevent changes in our management. Concentration of ownership of our common stock among our existing executive officers, directors and principal stockholders may prevent new investors from influencing significant corporate decisions. Upon completion of this offering, our executive officers, directors and current beneficial owners of 5% or more of our common stock and their affiliates will, in aggregate, beneficially own approximately % of our outstanding common stock, after giving effect to the conversion of all outstanding shares of our convertible preferred stock into shares of our common stock, but assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option. These persons, acting together, will be able to significantly influence all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election and removal of directors and any merger or other significant corporate transactions. The interests of this group of stockholders may not coincide with our interests or the interests of other stockholders. We have broad discretion in the use of proceeds from this offering and may invest or spend the proceeds in ways with which you do not agree and in ways that may not yield a return. We will have broad discretion over the use of proceeds from this offering. You may not agree with our decisions, and our use of the proceeds may not yield any return on your investment in us. Our failure to apply the net proceeds of this offering effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Because we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, will be your sole source of gains. We have not declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock to date. We currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business. In addition, the terms of any existing or future debt agreements may preclude us from paying dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 31 Table of Contents As a public company, we will be subject to the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. If we are unable to comply with Section 404 in a timely manner it may affect the reliability of our internal control over financial reporting. Assessing our staffing and training procedures to improve our internal control over financial reporting is an ongoing process. We are not currently required to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and are therefore not required to make an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Further, our independent registered public accounting firm has not been engaged to express, nor have they expressed, an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. However, in connection with our financial statement audits for the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2006, our independent registered public accounting firm informed us that they had identified material weaknesses in our internal controls as defined by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. A material weakness is a reportable condition in which our internal controls do not reduce to a low level the risk that misstatements caused by error or fraud in amounts that are material to our audited financial statements may occur and not be detected within a timely period by employees in the normal course of performing their assigned functions. The material weakness reported by our independent registered public accounting firm relates to our controls for those prior periods over our financial statement close process, the lack of financial accounting and reporting expertise, a lack of sufficient levels of review and approval of the results of the closing procedures, and a lack of a formal process to assess the accounting implications of complex transactions. During 2007, we took remedial measures to improve the effectiveness of our internal controls. Specifically, we improved controls by: • strengthening our internal staffing and technical expertise in financial accounting and Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, reporting; • implementing executive-level review of financial statements and complex transactions; • enhancing and segregating duties within our accounting and finance department; and • upgrading our accounting software systems. We plan to continue to assess our internal controls and procedures and intend to take further action as necessary or appropriate to address any other matters we identify. For the year ending December 31, 2009, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, management will be required to deliver a report that assesses the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Under current SEC rules, our independent registered public accounting firm will also be required to deliver an attestation report on the operating effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting beginning with the year ending December 31, 2009. We have been and will continue to be involved in a substantial effort to implement appropriate processes, document the system of internal control over key processes, assess their design, remediate any deficiencies identified and test their operation. However, the existence of a material weakness is an indication that there is a more than remote likelihood that a material misstatement of our financial statements will not be prevented or detected in a future period, and the process of designing and implementing effective internal controls and procedures is a continuous effort that requires us to anticipate and react to changes in our business and the economic and regulatory environments and to expend significant resources to maintain a system of internal controls that is adequate to satisfy our reporting obligations as a public company. We cannot be certain at this time that we will be able to successfully complete the procedures, certification and attestation requirements of Section 404 or that we or our independent registered public accounting firm will not identify additional material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to comply with the requirements of Section 404 or if we or our independent registered public accounting firm identify and report a material weakness, it may affect the reliability of our internal control over financial reporting, which could adversely affect our stock price. 32 Table of Contents SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements are contained principally in the sections entitled “Prospectus Summary,” “Risk Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Business,” but are also contained elsewhere in this prospectus. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the words “may,” “might,” “will,” “could,” “would,” “should,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “objective,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “project,” “potential,” “continue” and “ongoing,” or the negative of these terms, or other comparable terminology intended to identify statements about the future. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that we have a reasonable basis for each forward-looking statement contained in this prospectus, we caution you that these statements are based on a combination of facts and factors currently known by us and our expectations of the future, about which we cannot be certain. Forward-looking statements include statements about: • the outcome, timing or success of preclinical studies and clinical trials; • the expected timing of clinical trial enrollments or results; • the possible clinical activities of our ALDH br stem cell populations and their potential applicability in a variety of therapeutic areas; • our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval for our product candidates from the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities; • future demand for our product candidates and our ability to sustain such demand; • the size and growth of the potential markets for our product candidates; • the existing capacity of our manufacturing facility to produce our product candidates for our clinical trials; • plans for enhancements to our manufacturing capabilities; • our ability to sell our cord blood transplantation products, if approved for marketing, using a small internal sales force; • our plans to seek collaborative relationships and the success of those relationships; • the success of competing therapies that are or become available; • our anticipated cash needs and our estimates regarding our use of proceeds, future revenues, capital requirements and needs for additional financing; • our expectation that our research and development expense levels will remain high as we continue clinical trials and develop our product candidates; • our compliance with federal, state and foreign regulatory requirements, and regulatory developments that impact those requirements; • our estimates and assumptions with respect to disease incidence; • our intellectual property and our strategies regarding filing additional patent applications to attempt to strengthen our intellectual property rights; • our expected stock-based compensation expense in future periods; • our ability to retain key management, scientific, sales and marketing personnel; • our ability to implement financial controls and procedures on a timely basis; and • anticipated trends and challenges in our business and the markets in which we operate. 33 Table of Contents You should refer to the “Risk Factors” section of this prospectus for a discussion of important factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. As a result of these factors, we cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements in this prospectus will prove to be accurate. Furthermore, if our forward-looking statements prove to be inaccurate, the inaccuracy may be material. In light of the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking statements, you should not regard these statements as a representation or warranty by us or any other person that we will achieve our objectives and plans in any specified time frame, or at all. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. You should read this prospectus and the documents that we reference in this prospectus and have filed as exhibits to the registration statement, of which this prospectus is a part, completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 34 Table of Contents USE OF PROCEEDS We estimate that the net proceeds from our issuance and sale of shares of our common stock in this offering will be approximately $ million, or approximately $ million if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full, based upon an assumed initial public offering price of $ per share, which is the midpoint of the range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. Each $1.00 increase or decrease in the assumed initial public offering price of $ per share would increase or decrease the net proceeds to us from this offering by approximately $ million, assuming that the number of shares offered by us, as set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, remains the same. We currently expect to use the net proceeds from this offering as follows: • approximately $ million to continue and expand our research and development activities, including clinical trials of our product candidates and further development of our product pipeline; • approximately $ million to improve our manufacturing processes and to increase our manufacturing capacity as demand increases; • approximately $ million to commercialize any of our product candidates that receive regulatory marketing approval; and • the balance for other general corporate purposes, including general and administrative expenses and working capital. In addition, we may use a portion of the net proceeds from this offering to acquire, invest in or in-license complementary products, technologies or businesses, but we currently have no agreements or commitments with respect to any potential acquisition, investment or in-license. We may allocate funds from other sources to fund some or all of these activities. The expected use of net proceeds from this offering represents our intentions based upon our present plans and business conditions. We estimate that the net proceeds currently allocated to our clinical trials will be sufficient to complete the trials that we expect will be necessary to obtain regulatory approval for the marketing of each of our current product candidates other than ALD-201. As described elsewhere in this prospectus, however, the completion of these trials may be delayed for a number of reasons, in which case the net proceeds of this offering may not be sufficient to fully fund each of these trials. As of the date of this prospectus, we cannot predict with certainty all of the particular uses for the proceeds of this offering or the amounts that we will actually spend on the uses set forth above. The amount and timing of actual expenditures may vary significantly depending upon a number of factors, such as the progress of our development efforts, regulatory requirements, commercialization efforts in the event that we obtain regulatory approval, the amount of cash we generate from strategic collaborations that we may enter into, and the amount of cash used by operations. Accordingly, we will have significant flexibility in applying the net proceeds of this offering. Pending their use, we intend to invest the net proceeds of this offering in a variety of capital-preservation investments, including short- and intermediate-term, interest-bearing, investment-grade securities. DIVIDEND POLICY We have never declared or paid any dividends on our common stock or any other securities. We anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings, if any, for use in the operation of our business and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 35 Table of Contents CAPITALIZATION The following table sets forth our cash and cash equivalents and our capitalization as of December 31, 2007: • on an actual basis; • on a pro forma basis to give effect to: • the issuance of 17,636,655 shares of Series C-1 convertible preferred stock in April 2008 and our receipt of $18.3 million in cash proceeds from that issuance; • the issuance of 26,285 shares of our Series B convertible preferred stock prior to the closing of this offering upon the exercise for cash of warrants that would otherwise expire upon the closing of this offering and our receipt of an aggregate of $26,285 in proceeds from these exercises; • the conversion of all then outstanding shares of our convertible preferred stock, including the Series C-1 convertible preferred stock we issued in April 2008 and the Series B convertible preferred stock we expect to issue upon the exercise of warrants prior to the closing of this offering, into an aggregate of 59,288,071 shares of our common stock, which will occur automatically upon the closing of this offering; and • the reclassification of the preferred stock warrant liability to additional paid-in capital upon conversion of the warrants to purchase convertible preferred stock into warrants to purchase common stock; and • on a pro forma as adjusted basis to give further effect to our sale of shares of common stock in this offering at an assumed initial public offering price of $ per share, which is the midpoint of the range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. As of December 31, 2007 Actual Pro forma Pro forma as adjusted (in thousands, except numbers of shares) Cash and cash equivalents $ 7,513 $ 25,881 $ Preferred stock warrant liability $ 773 $ — $ Capital lease obligations, including current portion 68 68 Notes payable, including current portion 3,240 3,240 Series A and Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock, $0.001 par value, 14,963,785 shares authorized, 14,515,000 shares issued and outstanding, actual; no shares authorized, issued and outstanding, pro forma and pro forma as adjusted 9,383 — Series C and Series C-1 redeemable convertible preferred stock, $0.001 par value, 31,889,058 shares authorized, 24,742,979 shares issued and outstanding, actual; no shares authorized, issued and outstanding, pro forma and pro forma as adjusted 18,910 — Stockholders’ (deficit) equity: Common stock, $0.001 par value, 80,000,000 shares authorized; 3,619,747 shares issued and outstanding, actual; 62,907,818 shares issued and outstanding, pro forma; shares issued and outstanding, pro forma as adjusted 4 63 Additional paid-in capital — 47,395 Deficit accumulated during the development stage (25,093 ) (25,093 ) Total stockholders’ (deficit) equity (25,089 ) 22,365 Total capitalization $ 7,285 $ 25,673 $ 36 Table of Contents The pro forma as adjusted information set forth above is illustrative only and will change based on the actual initial public offering price and other terms of this offering determined at pricing. Each $1.00 increase or decrease in the assumed initial public offering price of $ per share, which is the midpoint of the range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, would increase or decrease pro forma as adjusted cash and cash equivalents, additional paid-in capital, total stockholders’ equity and total capitalization by approximately $ assuming that the number of shares offered by us, as set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, remains the same. The number of shares of common stock outstanding in the table above does not include: • 4,342,500 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options outstanding under our 2000 stock option plan as of December 31, 2007, at a weighted-average exercise price of $0.20 per share; • 1,817,881 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants as of December 31, 2007, at a weighted-average exercise price of $0.77 per share; and • shares of our common stock to be reserved for future issuance under our equity incentive plans. 37 Table of Contents DILUTION If you invest in our common stock in this offering, your interest will be diluted to the extent of the difference between the initial public offering price per share and the pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value per share of our common stock immediately after this offering. Net tangible book value per share is determined by dividing our total tangible assets less total liabilities and convertible preferred stock by the number of outstanding shares of our common stock. As of December 31, 2007, we had a deficit in net tangible book value of $(25.1) million, or approximately $(6.93) per share of common stock. On a pro forma basis, after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Series C-1 convertible preferred stock in April 2008 and our receipt of the net proceeds from that issuance, the issuance of shares of our Series B convertible preferred stock prior to the closing of this offering upon the exercise of warrants that would otherwise expire upon the closing of this offering and our receipt of the proceeds from these exercises, and the conversion of the outstanding shares of our convertible preferred stock, including the Series C-1 convertible preferred stock we issued in April 2008 and the Series B convertible preferred stock we expect to issue upon the exercise of warrants prior to the closing of this offering, into shares of our common stock and the reclassification of the preferred stock warrant liability to equity immediately prior to the closing of this offering, our net tangible book value would have been approximately $22.4 million, or approximately $0.36 per share of common stock. Investors participating in this offering will incur immediate and substantial dilution. After giving effect to the issuance and sale of shares of our common stock in this offering at an assumed initial public offering price of $ per share, which is the midpoint of the range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, and after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us, our pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value as of December 31, 2007 would have been approximately $ million, or approximately $ per share of common stock. This represents an immediate increase in the pro forma net tangible book value of $ per share to existing stockholders, and an immediate dilution in the pro forma net tangible book value of $ per share to investors purchasing shares of our common stock in this offering. The following table illustrates this per share dilution: Assumed initial public offering price per share $ Actual deficit in net tangible book value per share as of December 31, 2007 $ (6.93 ) Increase per share attributable to issuance of convertible preferred stock, conversion of preferred stock and reclassification of preferred stock warrant liability 7.29 Pro forma net tangible book value per share before this offering 0.36 Increase in pro forma net tangible book value per share attributable to new investors participating in this offering Pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value per share after this offering Dilution per share to investors participating in this offering $ The dilution information discussed above is illustrative only and will change based on the actual initial public offering price and other terms of this offering determined at pricing. Each $1.00 increase or decrease in the assumed initial public offering price of $ per share would increase or decrease our pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value by approximately $ million, or approximately $ per share, and the dilution per share to investors participating in this offering by approximately $ per share, assuming that the number of shares offered by us, as set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, remains the same. If the underwriters exercise their option in full to purchase additional shares of common stock in this offering, the pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value per share after the offering would be $ per share, the increase in the pro forma net tangible book value per share to existing stockholders would be $ per share and the dilution to new investors purchasing common stock in this offering would be $ per share. 38 Table of Contents The following table sets forth as of December 31, 2007, on the pro forma basis described above, the differences between the number of shares of common stock purchased from us, the total consideration paid and the weighted average price per share paid by existing stockholders and by investors purchasing shares of our common stock in this offering at an assumed initial public offering price of $ per share, which is the midpoint of the range set forth on the cover page on this prospectus, before deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us: Shares purchased Total consideration Weighted average price per share Number Percent Amount Percent Existing stockholders % $ % $ New investors Total 100 % $ 100 % If the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares in full, the common stock held by existing stockholders will be reduced to % of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding after this offering, and the number of shares of common stock held by investors participating in this offering will be increased to shares, or % of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding after this offering. Each $1.00 increase or decrease in the assumed initial public offering price of $ per share, which is the midpoint of the range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, would increase or decrease the total consideration paid by new investors by $ million, and increase or decrease the percent of total consideration paid by new investors by percentage points, assuming that the number of shares offered by us, as set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, remains the same. The table above excludes: • 4,342,500 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options outstanding under our 2000 stock option plan as of December 31, 2007, at a weighted-average exercise price of $0.20 per share; • 1,817,881 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants as of December 31, 2007, at a weighted-average exercise price of $0.77 per share; and • shares of our common stock to be reserved for future issuance under our equity incentive plans. The shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance under our equity benefit plans will be subject to automatic annual increases in accordance with the terms of the plans. To the extent that options or warrants are exercised, new options are issued under our equity benefit plans, or we issue additional shares of common stock in the future, there will be further dilution to investors participating in this offering. In addition, we may choose to raise additional capital because of market conditions or strategic considerations, even if we believe that we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. If we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the issuance of these securities could result in further dilution to our stockholders. 39 Table of Contents SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA You should read the following selected financial data together with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our financial statements and accompanying notes included later in this prospectus. The selected financial data in this section is not intended to replace our financial statements and the accompanying notes. We have derived the selected statement of operations data for the years ended December 31, 2005, 2006 and 2007 and for the period from March 3, 2000 (inception) through December 31, 2007 and the selected balance sheet data as of December 31, 2006 and 2007 from our audited financial statements that are included in this prospectus. We have derived the selected balance sheet data as of December 31, 2003, 2004 and 2005 and the selected statement of operations data for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2004 from our unaudited financial statements that are not included in this prospectus. Note 2 to our financial statements explains the method we used to compute basic and diluted net (loss) income per share allocable to common stockholders and pro forma basic and diluted net loss per share. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected in any future period. 40 Table of Contents Year Ended December 31, Period from March 3, 2000 (inception) through December 31, 2007 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 (In thousands, except share and per share data) Statement of Operations Data: Revenues $ 140 $ 28 $ 59 $ 105 $ 211 $ 629 Operating expenses: Cost of product sales 34 9 18 46 75 183 Research and development 3,095 3,020 2,846 3,239 4,842 21,559 Selling, general and administrative 1,263 1,587 1,120 1,058 1,761 8,172 Total operating expenses 4,392 4,616 3,984 4,343 6,678 29,914 Loss from operations (4,252 ) (4,588 ) (3,925 ) (4,238 ) (6,467 ) (29,285 ) Interest expense, net (254 ) (67 ) (1,744 ) (1,630 ) (87 ) (3,808 ) Other income (expense), net — — 5 92 (147 ) (45 ) Loss before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle (4,506 ) (4,655 ) (5,664 ) (5,776 ) (6,701 ) (33,138 ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle — — (1,470 ) — — (1,470 ) Net loss (4,506 ) (4,655 ) (7,134 ) (5,776 ) (6,701 ) (34,608 ) Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock (835 ) (1,120 ) (1,214 ) (1,223 ) (2,120 ) (7,381 ) Gain on exchange of redeemable convertible preferred stock — — — 14,518 — 14,518 Beneficial conversion feature — — — — — (128 ) Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders (5,341 ) (5,775 ) (8,348 ) 7,519 (8,821 ) $ (27,599 ) Income allocable to preferred stockholders — — — (5,621 ) — Net (loss) income allocable to common stockholders $ (5,341 ) $ (5,775 ) $ (8,348 ) $ 1,898 $ (8,821 ) Basic net (loss) income per share allocable to common stockholders $ (2.79 ) $ (3.02 ) $ (2.72 ) $ 0.56 $ (2.53 ) Diluted net (loss) income per share allocable to common stockholders $ (2.79 ) $ (3.02 ) $ (2.72 ) $ 0.32 $ (2.53 ) Shares used to compute basic net (loss) income per share allocable to common stockholders 1,911,000 1,911,000 3,065,795 3,411,000 3,487,396 Shares used to compute diluted net (loss) income per share allocable to common stockholders 1,911,000 1,911,000 3,065,795 5,918,171 3,487,396 Pro forma net loss per share—basic and diluted $ (0.23 ) Pro forma weighted-average shares outstanding—basic and diluted 38,005,249 As of December 31, 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 (In thousands) Balance Sheet Data: Cash and cash equivalents $ 2,097 $ 975 $ 916 $ 6,751 $ 7,513 Working capital 1,616 452 (2,542 ) 5,808 6,282 Total assets 3,318 2,406 1,992 7,620 8,710 Preferred stock warrant liability — — 4,030 625 773 Notes payable, including current portion 407 570 3,343 3,078 3,240 Total liabilities 1,035 1,021 7,695 4,754 5,506 Redeemable convertible preferred stock 13,837 18,696 18,240 19,270 28,293 Deficit accumulated during the development stage (11,556 ) (17,314 ) (24,448 ) (16,407 ) (25,093 ) Total stockholders’ deficit (11,554 ) (17,312 ) (23,944 ) (16,404 ) (25,089 ) 41 Table of Contents MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of our operations together with our financial statements and the related notes to those statements included later in this prospectus. In addition to historical financial information, this discussion contains forward-looking statements reflecting our current plans, estimates, beliefs and expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many important factors, particularly those set forth under “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors,” our actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. Overview We are a biopharmaceutical company developing proprietary regenerative cell therapies that target significant unmet medical needs. Our product candidates consist of specific populations of adult stem cells that we isolate using our proprietary technology. We have four product candidates in clinical trials. Our most advanced product candidate is ALD-101. We are currently conducting a pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of ALD-101 to evaluate its efficacy in improving umbilical cord blood transplants used to treat inherited metabolic diseases in pediatric patients. We are also conducting or supporting Phase 1 or Phase 1/2 clinical trials of three other product candidates—ALD-151 to improve cord blood transplants used for the treatment of leukemia; ALD-301 to treat critical limb ischemia; and ALD-201 to treat ischemic heart failure. We are a development stage company and have incurred significant losses since our inception. As of December 31, 2007, we had a deficit accumulated since inception of $25.1 million. We incurred a net loss of $6.7 million in the year ended December 31, 2007. We expect our losses to continue over the next several years as we continue clinical trials of our product candidates prior to receiving any potential regulatory approval to market these products. In addition, even if one or more of our product candidates are approved for marketing, we will incur significant expenses for regulatory approval and the initiation of commercialization activities. Financial Operations Overview Revenues All of our revenues are currently derived from the sales of two research and diagnostic products, ALDEFLUOR and ALDECOUNT. ALDEFLUOR is a reagent system for use in research activities to identify and isolate stem cells and progenitor cells based on ALDH activity. We have sold ALDEFLUOR to researchers since 2003. ALDECOUNT is a diagnostic product for identification and counting of ALDH br cells in vitro using flow cytometry. We have sold ALDECOUNT to clinical and research laboratories since 2004. We currently sell both ALDEFLUOR and ALDECOUNT through a third-party distributor. From our inception through December 31, 2007, we have generated cumulative aggregate product revenues of approximately $500,000 attributable to the sale of ALDEFLUOR and, to a lesser extent, ALDECOUNT. Because these product revenues have been insufficient to fund our operations, we have financed our operations primarily through a combination of privately placed convertible preferred stock sales, convertible promissory notes, bank financing, capital lease agreements for the purchase of equipment and, during 2002 and 2003, approximately $100,000 in non-recurring research and development grants from governmental authorities. Until we receive regulatory approval to market our product candidates, if ever, we expect that our only source of product revenue will be from sales of ALDEFLUOR and ALDECOUNT. We anticipate that revenues from these products will continue to be minimal. 42 Table of Contents Cost of Product Sales Our cost of product sales relate to direct costs of raw materials in producing ALDEFLUOR and ALDECOUNT by a third party. Historically, these costs have averaged approximately 35% of our product sales revenues. Research and Development Expenses Our research and development expenses primarily consist of personnel-related costs, including employee salaries and benefits, non-cash stock-based compensation expense for stock option grants, patent expenses and facility, operational support and insurance costs allocated to the research and development function. Research and development expenses also include the costs of manufacturing our product candidates for clinical trials and the costs of supplies required in the clinical trial process. In addition, research and development expenses include costs paid to third parties to conduct our clinical trials. Costs for clinical trials are generally attributable to contracted services, such as services by clinical research organizations and clinical investigators, and costs associated with enrolling patients in clinical trials. We expense research and development costs as they are incurred. Conducting a significant amount of research and development is a central part of our business model. From our inception through December 31, 2007, we have incurred $21.6 million in research and development expenses, and we plan to continue to make significant investments in research and development in order to realize the potential of our product candidates. The following table summarizes our research and development expense for the years ended December 31, 2005, 2006 and 2007: Year ended December 31, 2005 2006 2007 (in thousands) Direct research and development expense by program: ALD-101 $ 183 $ 272 $ 246 ALD-151 — — — ALD-301 — 159 690 ALD-201 251 521 1,351 Total direct research and development program expense 434 952 2,287 Indirect research and development expense 2,412 2,287 2,555 Total research and development expense $ 2,846 $ 3,239 $ 4,842 We do not allocate salaries, employee benefits, or other indirect costs related to our research and development function to specific product candidates and have included those expenses in “Indirect research and development expense” in the table above. We expect our research and development expenses to increase as we advance into later-stage development of our product candidates. We expect to fund our research and development expenses from our current cash and cash equivalents, a portion of the net proceeds from this offering, interest income on these balances and, potentially, additional financing transactions. We are unable to estimate the nature, timing or costs of future research and development investments due to the complexity of the process through which, and the markets in which, our product candidates are being developed. In addition, there are numerous risks and uncertainties associated with developing our product candidates, including the currently limited clinical data concerning their benefits, the uncertain cost and outcome of ongoing and planned clinical trials, the possibility that regulators may require us to conduct clinical or non-clinical testing in addition to trials that we have planned, the rapid and significant technological changes, frequent new product and service introductions and enhancements, evolving industry standards in the life sciences industry and our future need for additional capital. 43 Table of Contents Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Our selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and benefits, non-cash stock-based compensation expense for stock option grants and professional fees related to our administrative, finance, human resources, legal and information technology functions. In addition, selling, general and administrative expenses include an allocation of facility, operational support and insurance costs. During 2008 and over the next several years, we anticipate that our selling, general and administrative expenses will continue to increase. We expect the increase to be attributable to accelerated selling and marketing activities, if we receive required regulatory approvals for any of our product candidates. In addition, we will need to add additional personnel in all of the key functional areas that support the growth of our general operations, including accounting and finance, legal and human resources as a result of becoming a public company. If we obtain approval to market ALD-101, we intend to commercialize ALD-101 with a small, specialized internal sales force. The development and expansion of this sales force would result in an increase in selling expenses. Interest Income Interest income consists of interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents. We expect our interest income to increase following this offering as we invest the net proceeds from the offering. Interest Expense Interest expense to date has consisted primarily of interest expense on capital leases and loan balances and the amortization of debt discounts and debt issuance costs. Our debt discounts represent the initial value of warrants issued in connection with promissory notes, and any related beneficial conversion features associated with the debt. We currently have a term loan from a bank with an outstanding principal balance of $3.0 million as of December 31, 2007. This loan carries an annual interest rate equal to the bank’s prime rate plus 1.5%. We also currently pay interest on an equipment loan with a principal balance of approximately $240,000 as of December 31, 2007. This loan bears interest at a fixed rate of 10.61% per annum. Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates We have prepared our financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, expenses and related disclosures at the date of the financial statements, as well as revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. We evaluate our estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could therefore differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. While our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in note 2 to our financial statements included later in this prospectus, we believe the following accounting policies to be critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. Expenses Accrued Under Contractual Arrangements with Third Parties A substantial portion of our ongoing research and development activities are performed under contractual arrangements we enter into with external service providers, including contract research organizations and clinical investigators. We accrue for costs incurred under these arrangements based on our estimates of service performed and costs incurred as of a particular balance sheet date. We base our estimates of expenses incurred on facts and circumstances known to us. The factors we consider include the level of services performed, patient enrollment in clinical trials, administrative costs incurred, and other indicators of services completed. The majority of our 44 Table of Contents service providers invoice us in arrears, and to the extent that amounts invoiced differ from our estimates of expenses incurred, we accrue for additional costs. Furthermore, based on amounts invoiced to us by our service providers, we may also record payments made to those providers as prepaid expenses that will be recognized as expense in future periods as services are rendered. We make these estimates as of each balance sheet date in our financial statements. Although we do not expect our estimates to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, our understanding of the status and timing of services performed relative to the actual status and timing of services performed may vary and may result in us reporting expenses that are too high or too low in any particular period. Any such difference may result in adjustments in future periods. Stock-Based Compensation Effective January 1, 2006, we adopted the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards, or SFAS, No. 123R, Share-Based Payment , or SFAS No. 123R, as interpreted by Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107, Share-Based Payment , or SAB 107. SFAS No. 123R is a revision of SFAS No. 123, Accounting for Stock Based Compensation , and supersedes Accounting Principles Board No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees , or APB 25. SFAS No. 123R requires all share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, to be recognized in the statement of operations based on their fair values. Pro forma disclosure is no longer an alternative. Prior to January 1, 2006, we accounted for employee stock-based compensation in accordance with the provisions of APB 25 and complied with the disclosure provisions of SFAS No. 123, and related SFAS No. 148, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation—Transition and Disclosure . Under APB 25, we measured compensation cost for stock options granted to employees and non-employee directors as the excess, if any, on the date of the grant, of the fair value of the stock over the exercise price an employee or non-employee director must pay to acquire the stock. Prior to 2006, the exercise price for all options we granted was equal to the fair value of the stock on the date of grant, as determined by our board of directors. As a result, there was no compensation expense recorded for stock options granted to employees and non-employee directors in 2005. Our board of directors, which included members who were experienced in valuing the securities of early-stage companies, considered both objective and subjective factors in determining the estimated fair value of our common stock on each option grant date. Effective January 1, 2006, with the adoption of SFAS No. 123R, we elected to use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of options granted. In accordance with SFAS No. 123R, we recognize the compensation expense of share-based awards on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the award. Vesting is generally based upon continued service to our company. We adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 123R using the prospective transition method. Under this method, the provisions of SFAS No. 123R apply to all awards granted or modified after January 1, 2006. We continue to account for awards outstanding at January 1, 2006 using the accounting principles originally applied to the award. The determination of the fair value of share-based payment awards utilizing the Black-Scholes model is affected by the fair value of our stock and a number of assumptions, including expected volatility, expected life, risk-free interest rate and expected dividends. We do not have a history of market prices of our common stock. In connection with retrospective valuations of our common stock we performed in 2006 and 2007, we determined the volatility of comparable publicly traded companies, and in accordance with SAB 107 we used these historical volatilities. We estimate the expected life of awards to employees based on the “SEC Shortcut Approach,” as defined in SAB 107, which is the midpoint between the vesting date and the end of the contractual term. For non-employees, we use the contractual term of the award. We use a risk-free interest rate based on interest rates for U.S. Treasury notes with lives approximating the expected life of the stock options. We use a dividend yield of zero based on our history and expectation of paying no dividends. We estimate forfeitures based on the discrete groupings of employees, management and non-employee directors and the historical rate of forfeitures 45 Table of Contents for those groups. We estimate forfeiture rates at the time of grant and revise these rates, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Stock-based compensation expense recognized during the year ended December 31, 2006 and thereafter is based on awards that we ultimately expect to vest. If there are any modifications or cancellations of the underlying unvested securities, we may be required to accelerate, increase or cancel any remaining unrecognized stock-based compensation expense. After our adoption of SFAS No. 123R in 2006, our board of directors continued to set exercise prices for stock options based on its estimate of the fair market value of our common stock. Our board of directors considered a number of factors in determining the fair market value of our common stock, including the sales price of our Series C convertible preferred stock, which we had sold to outside investors at $0.7278 per share in December 2006 and September 2007 in arms-length transactions, and the rights, preferences and privileges of our Series A, Series B and Series C convertible preferred stock. Our board of directors, with the assistance of management, initially determined that the fair market value of our common stock continued to be $0.20 per share for all of 2006 and 2007. In connection with the preparation of our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2007, however, our board of directors directed management to retrospectively assess our enterprise value and the fair value of our common stock and preferred stock at December 31, 2006 and December 31, 2007. Management completed this assessment in February 2008 and then performed an internal reassessment of the fair value of our common stock for stock option grants between January 1, 2007 and December 31, 2007. In conducting these retrospective valuations, we used a two-step methodology that first estimated the fair value of our company as a whole and then allocated a portion of the enterprise value to our preferred stock and to our common stock. We then validated our enterprise value using a market approach. This approach is consistent with the methods guidance set forth by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants in the AICPA Technical Practice Aid, “Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation,” which we refer to as the AICPA Practice Aid. Our valuation methodology used the probability weighted expected return, or PWER, method to value our common stock. Under the PWER method, we estimated the value of our common stock based upon an analysis of future values of our common stock assuming various future outcomes and weighting those values based on our estimate of the relative probability of each outcome. Valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions, and the valuation model we used is not the only valuation model available. Therefore, we cannot assure you of the accuracy of any particular valuation of our stock. Because our common stock has characteristics significantly different from that of publicly traded common stock and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, the models we used do not, in management’s opinion, necessarily provide a reliable, single measure of the fair value of our common stock, and we will not use them to value our common stock once this offering is complete. Accordingly, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the valuation methodology described below as an indicator of future stock prices. Liquidity Scenarios For the retrospective valuations as of December 31, 2006 and 2007, we considered a number of different liquidity scenarios, including an initial public offering, or IPO, of our common stock and an acquisition of our company. In some of these scenarios, the proceeds of the liquidation event were sufficient to provide a return to the holders of common stock. We also considered other scenarios involving an acquisition of our company in which the proceeds of the transaction were sufficient to fully or partially satisfy the liquidation preferences of our Series A, Series B, Series C and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock, but in which no proceeds would remain to be distributed to the holders of our common stock. We considered a final scenario in which we would be liquidated at a value that is insufficient to pay the liquidation preferences of any of the preferred stock. 46 Table of Contents IPO and acquisition scenarios in which holders of common stock will realize a return . For the December 31, 2006 and 2007 retrospective valuations, we assigned probabilities to successful IPO scenarios in 2008 or 2009 and to acquisition scenarios during 2008 or 2009 that would result in a return to the holders of our common stock. We considered that our success in completing either an IPO or acquisition that resulted in a return to the holders of our common stock would be dependent upon our realization of clinical milestones, together with our execution of our business plan and a receptive marketplace. For both the December 31, 2006 and December 31, 2007 valuations, our estimates of our company’s enterprise value in the acquisition scenarios were the same as in the IPO scenarios, but in the acquisition scenarios we took into account the liquidation preferences that would be payable to the shares of our convertible preferred stock before any distribution of proceeds to holders of our common stock. We also considered that the holders of the convertible preferred stock would have the right to participate, after payment of the convertible preferred stock liquidation preference, in receiving their pro rata share of remaining proceeds payable to the common stock, up to a maximum amount per share of convertible preferred stock set forth in our certificate of incorporation. As a result, the values per share of our common stock in the acquisition scenarios were less than the corresponding values per share of common stock in the IPO scenarios. To test our expected enterprise valuations under the IPO and acquisition scenarios, we relied upon the guideline public company method, or GPC method, within the market approach to valuation outlined in the AICPA Practice Aid. Using the GPC method, we considered market transactions involving guideline public companies, defined to be publicly traded companies in our industry that provide a reasonable basis for comparison with our company. Once the guideline companies were identified, we developed ratios of value or market multiples based on the traded market value of each guideline company, as well as operating performance and financial condition indicators such as earnings at various levels, cash flows and revenues. For the December 31, 2007 valuation, we identified public life sciences companies that had completed IPOs during 2006 and 2007 and determined the median pre-money valuation of these companies. We also looked specifically at the companies within the group of comparable public companies that were focused on therapeutic products derived from stem cells. For our 2006 retrospective valuation, we used an identical GPC method to the one we used for the 2007 valuation, but we only considered comparable companies that had completed IPOs during 2006. Liquidity scenarios in which holders of common stock will not realize any return . For each of the December 31, 2006 and December 31, 2007 retrospective valuations, we assigned probabilities to acquisition scenarios in which the proceeds of the transaction would be sufficient to pay all or a portion of our preferred stock liquidation preferences, but no proceeds would be available to holders of our common stock. We also assigned a probability to an additional scenario in which we would be dissolved for no value and no proceeds would be available for any stockholder. In this scenario, we assumed that our common stock had a value of zero, since no proceeds would be available for distribution to the holders of common stock. Discount Rate Once we had allocated the per share values to our common stock and to each series of our convertible preferred stock at each of the future dates in our various scenarios, we calculated the present values of each per share amount to the valuation date, using a discount rate of 30% for our convertible preferred stock and 40% for our common stock. We believe that these discount rates are consistent with the required rates of return described in the AICPA Practice Aid for companies in a similar stage of development to us. Under the criteria set forth in the AICPA Practice Aid, we determined that our company was no longer in the start-up stage but had generally not progressed beyond the first or early stage of development. 47 Table of Contents Fair Value Estimates After applying the PWER method of estimating the fair value of our common stock in our retrospective valuations as of each valuation date, we estimated the fair value of our common stock to be approximately $0.24 per share as of December 31, 2006 and approximately $0.40 per share as of December 31, 2007. During 2006, we granted options to purchase an aggregate of approximately 950,000 shares of our common stock, all with an exercise price of $0.20 per share. These options had a weighted-average Black-Scholes value of $0.14 per share at issuance, which we are recognizing as expense ratably over the respective vesting periods of the options. Our internal reassessment of the fair value of our common stock for options granted between the December 31, 2006 and December 31, 2007 valuation dates was based upon the timing of achievement of clinical and regulatory milestones and the closing of an additional round of equity financing in September 2007. Based on this internal reassessment, we believed that the fair market value of our common stock did not change during the first half of 2007 from the $0.24 per share calculated as of December 31, 2006, because there were no material developments in our business during this time. We granted options to purchase an aggregate of approximately 1.9 million shares of our common stock during this period. Using the estimated fair value of our common stock of $0.24 per share and an exercise price of $0.20 per share, the weighted-average fair value, determined using the Black-Scholes formula, of options granted during the first quarter of 2007 was $0.17 per share at issuance and during the second quarter of 2007 was $0.16 per share at issuance, which we are recognizing as expense ratably over the respective vesting periods of the options. During the third quarter of 2007, we established a manufacturing facility at our corporate headquarters that we believe operates in compliance with the FDA’s cGMP and cGTP regulations to manufacture our product candidates, which has enhanced our manufacturing capabilities. In addition, in July 2007, we added three new sites for our clinical trial of ALD-301 for the treatment of critical limb ischemia. On September 15, 2007, we completed a second closing of our Series C convertible preferred stock financing in which we raised an additional $7.0 million. As a result of these developments, we determined that the fair market value of our common stock had increased from $0.24 to $0.35 per share as of September 15, 2007. We granted an option to purchase 60,000 shares of our common stock in the third quarter of 2007 at an exercise price of $0.20 per share. This option had a Black-Scholes fair value of $0.26 per share at issuance, which we are recognizing as expense ratably over the vesting period of the option. In the fourth quarter of 2007, we submitted an IND to the FDA for, and received initial feedback from the FDA regarding, a pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of ALD-101 for pediatric inherited metabolic diseases. During this period, our sponsored investigator also received clearance from the FDA to proceed with a Phase 1 clinical trial of ALD-151. We believe that these additional developments in the fourth quarter of 2007 justified the further increase in the fair market value of our common stock from $0.35 per share to approximately $0.40 per share as of December 31, 2007, as determined by the retrospective valuation. We granted an option to purchase 250,000 shares of our common stock during the fourth quarter at an exercise price of $0.20 per share. The Black-Scholes fair value of this option was $0.31 per share at issuance, which we are recognizing as expense ratably over the vesting period of the option. Based on an assumed initial public offering price of $ per share, which is the midpoint of the range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, the intrinsic value of stock options outstanding at December 31, 2007 would have been $ million, of which $ million and $ million related to stock options that were vested and unvested, respectively, at that date. Income Taxes We have incurred operating and net losses since our inception and, accordingly, have not recorded a current provision for income taxes for any of the periods presented. At December 31, 2007, we had $28.2 million of federal net operating loss carryforwards and $29.0 million of state net operating loss carryforwards. If not utilized, these net operating loss carryforwards will begin expiring in 2020 for federal purposes and 2015 for state purposes. 48 Table of Contents In June 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued FASB Interpretation No. 48, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes—an Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109 , or FIN 48. FIN 48 establishes a single model to address accounting for uncertain tax positions. FIN 48 clarifies the accounting for income taxes by prescribing a minimum recognition threshold a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the financial statements. FIN 48 also provides guidance on derecognition, measurement, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. We adopted the provisions of FIN 48 as of January 1, 2007. The adoption of FIN 48 did not have a material impact on our financial statements. Results Of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 Revenues Our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2007 were $211,000, increasing from $105,000 for the year ended December 31, 2006 and $59,000 for the year ended December 31, 2005. These year-over-year increases relate to expanded sales of ALDEFLUOR and, to a lesser extent, ALDECOUNT. Cost of Product Sales Our cost of product sales for the year ended December 31, 2007 was $75,000, or 36% of revenues, increasing from $46,000, or 44% of revenues, for the year ended December 31, 2006 and $18,000, or 30% of revenues, for the year ended December 31, 2005. These increased costs were directly related to our increased sales of ALDEFLUOR and ALDECOUNT. Research and Development Expenses Research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2007 were approximately $4.8 million, increasing from $3.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2006 and $2.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2005. The $1.6 million increase for 2007, as compared to 2006, was primarily due to an increase in direct development expenses for clinical trial activities related to ALD-301 and ALD-201. Clinical trial expenses for ALD-301 increased by $531,000 for 2007 as compared to 2006 due to the expansion of our Phase 1/2 clinical trial activities. Clinical trial expenses for ALD-201 increased by $830,000 for 2007 as compared to 2006 due to an increase in patient enrollment during 2007. Other research and development expenses for 2007, as compared to 2006, increased by $267,000 primarily due to increased personnel-related costs. The $393,000 increase for 2006, as compared to 2005, was primarily due to a $518,000 increase in direct development expenses for clinical trial activities for ALD-101, ALD-301 and ALD-201, offset in part by a $125,000 decrease in personnel and consulting expenses during 2006. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2007 were approximately $1.8 million, increasing from $1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2006 and $1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2005. The increase for 2007 as compared to 2006 was primarily due to a $301,000 increase in personnel-related expenses, a $218,000 increase in consulting, accounting and legal fees and a $183,000 increase in other expenses associated with our corporate infrastructure. Selling, general and administrative expenses remained relatively flat during 2006 as compared to 2005. Interest Expense, net Interest expense, net for the year ended December 31, 2007 was approximately $87,000, compared to $1.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2006 and $1.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2005. We incurred non-cash interest expense of $1.5 million during 2006 and $1.7 million during 2005. The non-cash interest expense was due primarily to the amortization of debt discounts associated with warrants we issued in connection with a term loan during 2006 and warrants we issued in connection with convertible promissory notes issued in 2005. These debt discounts were fully amortized as of December 2006. 49 Table of Contents Other Income (Expense), net Beginning in 2005, we have accounted for our outstanding warrants to purchase convertible preferred stock at the end of each reporting period by recording changes in fair value during the period as a component of other income or expense. For the year ended December 31, 2007, we recorded an expense of approximately $148,000 for the increase in fair value of all preferred stock warrants. For the year ended December 31, 2006, we recorded $191,000, and for the year ended December 31, 2005, we recorded $5,000, as other income to reflect the decrease in fair value of all preferred stock warrants. Upon the completion of this offering, these preferred stock warrants will convert to warrants to purchase common stock, as a result of which the preferred stock warrant liability will be reclassified to stockholders’ (deficit) equity and there will be no further adjustments to the fair value of these warrants that will have an effect on our statement of operations. During 2006, we entered into a series of amendments to our $3.0 million promissory note. In accordance with Emerging Issues Task Force 96-19, Debtors Accounting for a Modification or Exchange of Debt Instruments , two of these amendments resulted in exchanges of debt instruments with substantially different terms, resulting in a $99,000 loss on extinguishment of debt reflected in other income (expense), net for the year ended December 31, 2006. Gain on Exchange of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock In December 2006, we issued shares of our Series C convertible preferred stock. In connection with that transaction, there were substantive modifications to the rights, preferences and privileges of our existing Series A convertible preferred stock and Series B convertible preferred stock, which we refer to as the junior preferred stock. For example, we extended the redemption date of the junior preferred stock from January 2008 to December 2012, cancelled all accrued dividends on the junior preferred stock and eliminated the right to future dividends on the junior preferred stock. In accordance with Emerging Issues Task Force D-42, The Effect on the Calculation of Earnings per Share for the Redemption or Induced Conversion of Preferred Stock , we accounted for this transaction as a redemption of the existing Series A convertible preferred stock and Series B convertible preferred stock and the issuance of new junior preferred stock. Upon the closing of that transaction, we recorded a gain of $14.5 million, which represented the excess of the carrying value of the securities and other financial instruments redeemed over the fair value of the new equity and financial instruments issued. Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources of Liquidity Since our inception, we have financed our operations primarily through a combination of privately placed convertible preferred stock sales, convertible promissory notes and associated warrants to purchase shares of our preferred stock, bank financing, capital lease agreements for the purchase of equipment and, during 2002 and 2003, research and development grants from governmental authorities. From our inception through April 30, 2008, we have raised approximately $51.5 million in cash proceeds, net of issuance costs, through the issuance of convertible preferred stock and the issuance of bridge loans that were subsequently converted into convertible preferred stock. In March 2006, we raised $1.5 million for our working capital requirements from the issuance of a promissory note to a commercial bank, which was originally scheduled to mature in July 2006 or, if earlier, the date on which we received at least $5.0 million in additional equity financing. This loan was collateralized by all of our equipment. We have entered into a series of amendments with the commercial bank to, among other things, increase the amount borrowed to $3.0 million, extend the maturity date to May 2010, increase the interest rate to the lender’s prime rate plus 1.5%, and revise the collateral underlying the loan. As of December 31, 2007, the full principal amount of $3.0 million was outstanding. The promissory note, as amended to date, is payable in 17 equal monthly installments beginning in January 2009. 50 Table of Contents During 2007, we entered into a $260,000 loan and security agreement with a venture finance company for the purpose of financing the acquisition of equipment. This loan bears interest at 10.61% per year and is payable in monthly installments through March 2011. As of December 31, 2007, we owed approximately $240,000 on this loan. In April 2008, we raised approximately $18.3 million through the issuance of Series C-1 convertible preferred stock to accredited investors, all of which were existing stockholders in our company. This issuance of Series C-1 convertible preferred stock was contemplated at the time of the second closing of our Series C convertible preferred stock financing in September 2007, upon the achievement of specified milestones. All of the terms of the Series C-1 convertible preferred stock, including its price, were determined at the time of the second closing of the Series C convertible preferred stock financing, except that that the proceeds of the Series C-1 convertible preferred stock financing were initially contemplated to be $6.1 million. In conjunction with the closing of the Series C-1 convertible preferred stock issuance in April 2008, we amended our certificate of incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of Series C-1 convertible preferred stock. Cash Flows We had cash and cash equivalents of $7.5 million at December 31, 2007 and $6.8 million at December 31, 2006. The change in our cash balance during 2007 was primarily the result of our $6.7 million net loss during the year, offset by the $6.9 million in net proceeds from our September 2007 issuance of Series C convertible preferred stock. We have no other agreements with investors, banks or other entities to provide new sources of funding. Net cash used in operating activities was $5.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2007, $3.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2006 and $3.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2005. Net cash used during these years primarily reflected our net losses and changes in working capital during those periods, offset in part by non-cash depreciation and amortization, non-cash stock-based compensation expense in 2006 and 2007, changes in the fair value of our preferred stock warrant liabilities and, for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, non-cash interest expense associated with the amortization of debt discounts. Our cash used in investing activities relate to our purchases and sales of property and equipment. During the year ended December 31, 2007, we purchased approximately $502,000 in computer and laboratory equipment and leasehold improvements. We had nominal cash expenditures for investing activities during the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005. Net cash provided by financing activities was $7.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2007, $9.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2006 and $3.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2005. These cash flows are primarily proceeds from the issuance of notes payable and shares of our convertible preferred stock. In December 2006, we issued shares of our Series C convertible preferred stock in an initial closing for net cash proceeds of $6.5 million, excluding conversion of bridge notes and accrued interest thereon. In September 2007, we completed a second closing of our Series C convertible preferred stock financing, in which we issued shares of Series C convertible preferred stock to some of our existing investors for net cash proceeds of $6.9 million. During 2006, we also entered into the $3.0 million term loan with a commercial bank, and in 2005, we raised $3.9 million from the issuance of convertible promissory notes to our existing stockholders, all of which were subsequently converted into shares of Series C convertible preferred stock in December 2006. During 2007, we also received $260,000 in cash proceeds from an equipment loan and approximately $42,000 in cash from the exercise of employee stock options. During 2007, 2006 and 2005, we repaid approximately $118,000, $266,000 and $265,000 of borrowings under notes payable and capital leases. Capital Resources and Expenditure Requirements We expect to continue to incur substantial operating losses in the future and to make expenditures to expand our clinical trials and other research and development programs, which we expect to fund in part with a portion of the net proceeds of this offering. It may take several years, if ever, to achieve these goals. We expect that we 51 Table of Contents will use a portion of the net proceeds from this offering and our existing cash and cash equivalents, including the net proceeds of the issuance of Series C-1 convertible preferred stock in April 2008, for working capital requirements and for general corporate purposes, including the increased costs associated with being a public company. We may also use a portion of the net proceeds of this offering to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, technologies, services or products, although we do not have any current plans to do so. We currently believe that our cash and cash equivalents, together with the net proceeds from this offering and interest income on these balances, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements for at least the next months. However, our present and future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including: • the scope, progress and results of our research and preclinical development programs; • the scope, progress, results, costs, timing and outcomes of the clinical trials of our product candidates; • the timing of and the costs involved in obtaining regulatory approvals for our product candidates, a process which could be particularly lengthy or complex given the FDA’s limited experience with marketing approval for therapeutics using adult stem cells; • the costs of building, operating and enhancing our manufacturing facilities and capabilities to support our clinical activities, and, if our product candidates are approved, our commercialization activities; • the costs of maintaining, expanding and protecting our intellectual property portfolio, including potential litigation costs and liabilities; • revenues received from sales of our product candidates, if approved by the FDA; • the costs of additional general and administrative personnel, including accounting and finance, legal and human resources employees, as a result of becoming a public company; and • the costs of developing our anticipated internal sales, marketing and distribution capabilities. Until we obtain regulatory approval to market our product candidates, if ever, and can generate a sufficient amount of product revenues to finance our cash requirements, which we may never do, we may seek to finance future cash needs through public or private equity offerings, debt financings, borrowings or strategic collaborations. We cannot assure you that additional capital will be available when needed on acceptable terms, or at all. The issuance of equity securities may result in dilution to stockholders. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of debt securities, these securities would have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of our common stock and the terms of the debt securities could impose significant restrictions on our operations. If we raise additional funds through collaborations and licensing arrangements, we might be required to relinquish significant rights to our technologies or products, or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. If adequate funds are not available, we may have to scale back our operations or limit our research and development activities, which would have a material adverse impact on our business prospects and results of operations. Future Contractual Obligations The following table reflects a summary of our estimates of future contractual obligations as of December 31, 2007. The information in the table reflects future unconditional payments and is based on the terms of the relevant agreements, appropriate classification of items under generally accepted accounting principles currently in effect and certain assumptions, such as the interest rate on our variable debt that was in effect as of December 31, 2007. Future events could cause actual payments to differ from these amounts. In April 2008, we entered into an amendment to our loan agreement with a commercial bank, which increased the interest rate, extended the maturity date to June 2010 and delayed our obligations to begin repayment until January 2009. As a result of this amendment, the amounts owed to the commercial bank are classified as long-term on our balance sheet as of December 31, 2007. 52 Table of Contents Payments Due By Period Total 2008 2009-2010 2011-2012 2013 or beyond (in thousands) Principal and interest under promissory notes $ 3,648 $ 1,193 $ 2,433 $ 22 $ — Capital lease obligations, including interest, for equipment 83 22 38 23 — Operating lease obligations relating to corporate headquarters and manufacturing facility 664 117 244 259 44 Total $ 4,395 $ 1,332 $ 2,715 $ 304 $ 44 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Our exposure to market risk is confined to our cash and cash equivalents, all of which have maturities of less than one year. The goals of our investment policy are liquidity and capital preservation. Our cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2007 consisted primarily of money market funds. Due to the short duration of our cash equivalents and the high quality of the underlying securities, an immediate 10% change in interest rates would not have a material effect on the fair market value of our cash or cash equivalents. Accordingly, we would not expect our operating results or cash flows to be affected to any significant degree by the effect of a sudden change in market interest rates on our cash equivalents. At December 31, 2007, we had $3.0 million outstanding under a term loan with a variable interest rate that adjusts periodically based on the prime rate. If the interest rate on this loan had been one percentage point higher during all of 2007, our interest expense with respect to this loan would have increased by $30,000. Our equipment loans have fixed interest payments. Therefore, we are not subject to market risk with respect to these loans. We have no operations outside the United States, and all of our operating expenses and capital expenditures are denominated in U.S. dollars. As a result, we are not subject to market risk with respect to currency exchange rate fluctuations. We have not entered into, and do not expect to enter into, hedging or derivative instrument arrangements. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements Since inception, except for standard operating leases, we have not engaged in any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K, such as the use of unconsolidated subsidiaries, structured finance, special purpose entities or variable interest entities. Other Recent Accounting Pronouncements In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157, Fair Value Measurements , or SFAS 157. SFAS 157 provides a common definition of fair value and establishes a framework to make the measurement of fair value in generally accepted accounting principles more consistent and comparable. SFAS 157 also requires expanded disclosure to provide information about the extent to which fair value is used to measure assets and liabilities, the methods and assumptions used to measure fair value, and the effect of fair value measures on earnings. SFAS 157 is effective for our fiscal year ending December 31, 2008, although early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the potential impact of SFAS 157 on our financial statements. In February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 159, The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities—including an amendment of FASB Statement No. 115 , or SFAS 159. SFAS 159 gives us the irrevocable option to carry most financial assets and liabilities at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in earnings. SFAS 159 is effective for our fiscal year ending December 31, 2008, although early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the potential impact of SFAS 159 on our financial statements. 53 Table of Contents In June 2007, the FASB issued EITF Issue No. 07-3, Accounting for Advance Payments for Goods or Services to Be Used in Future Research and Development Activities , or EITF 07-3. EITF 07-3 requires companies to defer and capitalize prepaid, nonrefundable research and development payments to third parties, and amortize them over the period that the research and development activities are performed or the services are provided, subject to an assessment of recoverability. EITF 07-3 is effective for new contracts entered into during fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2007, including interim periods within those fiscal years. We are currently evaluating the impact, if any, of adopting EITF 07-3 on our financial statements. 54 Table of Contents BUSINESS Overview We are a biopharmaceutical company developing proprietary regenerative cell therapies that target significant unmet medical needs. We have four product candidates in clinical trials. Our most advanced product candidate is ALD-101. We are currently conducting a pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of ALD-101 to evaluate its efficacy in improving umbilical cord blood, or cord blood, transplants used to treat inherited metabolic diseases in pediatric patients. We are also conducting or supporting Phase 1 or Phase 1/2 clinical trials of three other product candidates—ALD-151 to improve cord blood transplants used for the treatment of leukemia; ALD-301 to treat critical limb ischemia; and ALD-201 to treat ischemic heart failure. Our product candidates consist of specific populations of adult stem cells that we isolate using our proprietary technology. Stem cells are cells within the human body that have the potential to develop, or differentiate, into other types of cells with individual characteristics and specific functions. Stem cells found in blood, tissues or organs are referred to as adult stem cells. In preclinical studies conducted by leading research institutions and academic centers, adult stem cells expressing high levels of an enzyme known as aldehyde dehydrogenase, or ALDH, exhibited a variety of activities that we believe may promote the regeneration of multiple types of cells and tissues. We have developed a proprietary technology that allows us to isolate adult stem cells that express high levels of ALDH, which we refer to as ALDH-bright, or ALDH br , cells. We believe that the ALDH br stem cell populations we produce may have a variety of therapeutic uses. Our four product candidates are: • ALD-101 to improve cord blood transplants used to treat pediatric inherited metabolic diseases . ALD-101 is the population of ALDH br stem cells we produce from a portion of a cord blood unit using our proprietary technology. ALD-101 is infused into a patient shortly after the transplant of the remaining portion of the cord blood unit. In an ongoing Phase 1 clinical trial of ALD-101, we observed a statistically significant reduction in the time to platelet and neutrophil engraftment in patients receiving ALD-101 following their cord blood transplant, as compared to similar patients who had received a cord blood transplant without ALD-101 in an earlier independent clinical trial. We believe that reduction in engraftment time could reduce risks associated with cord blood transplants and decrease the length and cost of the related hospital stay. In March 2008, we began enrolling patients in a pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of ALD-101 to further evaluate its ability to accelerate engraftment following cord blood transplants in pediatric patients with inherited metabolic diseases. We expect to complete enrollment of this trial in the second half of 2009 and to receive the results of the trial in the first half of 2010. • ALD-151 to improve cord blood transplants used to treat leukemia . ALD-151 is the population of ALDH br stem cells we produce from a full cord blood unit using our proprietary technology. ALD-151 is infused into the patient shortly after the transplant of a separate, full cord blood unit. Investigators are currently enrolling patients in a Phase 1 clinical trial of ALD-151 to evaluate its safety and potential efficacy in accelerating engraftment in pediatric patients undergoing cord blood transplants for the treatment of leukemia. We expect that the results of this clinical trial will be available in the first quarter of 2009. If the results of this clinical trial are positive, we plan to conduct additional clinical trials of ALD-151 in adult leukemia patients undergoing cord blood transplants. • ALD-301 to treat critical limb ischemia . ALD-301 is the population of ALDH br stem cells we produce using our proprietary technology to sort a specified quantity of bone marrow collected from the patient receiving the therapy. ALD-301 is injected into the patient’s leg muscle. We have completed enrollment of a 21-patient Phase 1/2 clinical trial of ALD-301 to assess its safety and potential efficacy as a treatment for patients with advanced critical limb ischemia. In February 2008, we performed an interim analysis of the data from this trial. Our efficacy analysis included only those patients who had completed their 12-week assessments. Our safety analysis included all available safety data, regardless of whether the 55 Table of Contents patient had completed his or her 12-week assessment. Four patients in the ALD-301 treatment group had efficacy data available at 12 weeks, while a total of seven were analyzed for safety. Six patients in the unsorted bone marrow group had efficacy data available, while a total of seven of these patients were analyzed for safety. ALD-301 was well-tolerated by the patients treated with it. In addition, we believe that the interim data provide initial evidence of potential therapeutic benefit of ALD-301. We expect the final results of our Phase 1/2 clinical trial to be available in the third quarter of 2008. • ALD-201 to treat ischemic heart failure . ALD-201 is the population of ALDH br stem cells we produce using our proprietary technology to sort a specified quantity of bone marrow collected from the patient receiving the therapy. ALD-201 is injected directly into the patient’s heart muscle. This procedure is currently performed using a specialized catheter. Investigators are currently enrolling patients in a Phase 1 clinical trial of ALD-201 to assess its safety and potential efficacy as a treatment for ischemic heart failure in patients with no further options for restoring blood supply to the heart. We expect that the results of this clinical trial will be available in the fourth quarter of 2008. We manufacture all of our product candidates at a facility located at our corporate headquarters in Durham, North Carolina. We believe that this facility is in substantial compliance with the current good manufacturing practices, or cGMP, and current good tissue practices, or cGTP, standards required by the FDA. We believe that we can scale our current manufacturing process to support our clinical development programs and, if approved for marketing, the commercialization of our product candidates. Our technology and the stem cell populations it produces, which form the basis for our current product candidates, are protected by an intellectual property portfolio consisting of two issued U.S. patents and two U.S. patent applications, as well as a number of issued foreign patents and pending foreign patent applications. Our issued patents and pending patent applications cover the method we use to manufacture ALDH br cell populations, the chemistry used in this manufacturing process, kits that embody this chemistry, the composition of ALDH br cell populations and the therapeutic use of these cell populations. We believe that the patents and patent applications that cover our current product candidates and our technology will generally be applicable to other target indications that we may seek to pursue in the future. Our Business Strategy Our goal is to become a fully integrated biopharmaceutical company focused on the development, manufacturing and commercialization of regenerative cell therapies that address disease areas with significant unmet medical needs and commercial potential. To achieve this goal, we are pursuing the following strategies: • Continue to advance our product candidates through clinical trials. Each of our current product candidates is in clinical development. We are currently enrolling patients in a pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of ALD-101, for which we expect to receive final results in the first half of 2010. Phase 1 or Phase 1/2 clinical trials of ALD-151, ALD-301 and ALD-201 are also underway. We expect to receive the results of the ALD-301 trial in the third quarter of 2008, the ALD-201 trial in the fourth quarter of 2008 and the ALD-151 trial in the first quarter of 2009. • Commercialize our cord blood transplant product candidates with an internal sales force . Children receiving cord blood transplants for the treatment of inherited metabolic diseases are treated at a relatively small number of treatment centers in the United States. We are currently recruiting many of these centers to participate in our pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of ALD-101. We estimate that the investigators in our ALD-101 clinical trial treat the majority of the pediatric patients in the United States receiving cord blood transplants for inherited metabolic diseases. Because of the relatively small number of treatment centers and investigators involved in cord blood transplants for pediatric inherited metabolic diseases, we believe that we can effectively market ALD-101 using a small, focused and specialized internal sales force. In addition, we expect that we will be able to use the experience of an internal sales force gained in promoting ALD-101 to market ALD-151, our second cord blood transplant product candidate, if it is approved for marketing by the FDA. 56 Table of Contents • Selectively pursue strategic collaborations . We plan to pursue strategic collaborations to support and facilitate the development and commercialization of some of our product candidates. In particular, we may seek to enter into a strategic collaboration with a manufacturer of a specialized catheter to be used for the injection of ALD-201 into a patient’s heart muscle. We expect this type of collaboration, if established, to support the further development and potential commercialization of ALD-201. In addition, we intend to explore collaboration arrangements with leading pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies for the commercialization of ALD-301 and ALD-201, which we are developing for target indications with large addressable patient populations that we believe are better served by large sales and marketing organizations. Furthermore, if we choose to pursue approval of any of our product candidates by foreign regulatory authorities, we would evaluate the potential for collaborations with third parties to assist in the development and commercialization of these product candidates in international markets. • Expand and enhance our manufacturing capabilities. We currently manufacture all of our product candidates for use in our clinical trials and research and development efforts at our facility located at our corporate headquarters in Durham, North Carolina. We believe that we can scale our manufacturing processes to support our clinical development programs and the potential commercialization of our product candidates. If any of our product candidates are approved for marketing by the FDA, we intend to manufacture these products ourselves. We are currently developing technological and process improvements to enhance our ability to produce our product candidates in a faster, more cost-effective manner. For example, we are developing an advanced cell sorting device that we believe could increase the speed, and reduce the associated costs, of manufacturing our product candidates. If we receive marketing approval for any of our product candidates, we also intend to evaluate the need for strategically located regional facilities where we could produce our cell populations in close proximity to key treatment centers and potential patients. • Develop new product candidates to target additional indications based on our technology. We intend to continue investing in our product pipeline by pursuing additional therapeutic indications where we believe that adult stem cell populations isolated using our proprietary technology may have potential benefit. Based on our existing preclinical research, we are evaluating preclinical plans in a variety of additional therapeutic areas. Scientific Background of Stem Cells The human body contains many types of cells, each with individual characteristics and specific functions. Cells with a defined or specialized function are called differentiated cells. Examples of differentiated cells include blood cells, nerve cells and skin cells. Stem cells are rare, undifferentiated cells within the human body that have the potential to replace and renew differentiated cells. Stem cells can also produce additional stem cells. In some cases, stem cells generate an intermediate cell type before they achieve their fully differentiated state. The intermediate cells, called progenitor cells, are partially differentiated cells that then divide and become fully differentiated cells. While stem cells may have the capability to differentiate into multiple cell types, progenitor cells are limited to differentiating along a particular cellular development pathway. Human adult stem cells can be derived from a variety of sources, including bone marrow, blood from an umbilical cord removed after childbirth and blood circulating throughout the body, which is known as peripheral blood. Bone marrow can be obtained from a patient or from a suitable, appropriately matched donor. Blood from umbilical cords, referred to as cord blood, is stored in cord blood banks throughout the world. Currently, there are over 200,000 cord blood units available from public cord blood banks. Stem cells can also be derived from the tissue of human embryos, but we do not use embryonic stem cells in our product candidates. There are many types of adult stem cells and progenitor cells found in the human body, including: • Hematopoietic stem cells . Hematopoietic stem cells generate all of the blood and immune system cells in the body, including red blood cells, platelets and neutrophils. 57 Table of Contents • Mesenchymal stem cells . Mesenchymal stem cells differentiate into many cell types, including bone, cartilage, fat, muscle, tendon and other connective tissues. • Neural stem cells . Neural stem cells are capable of differentiating into neurons and cells that support nerve tissue. • Endothelial progenitor cells . Endothelial progenitor cells differentiate into the cells that line the blood vessels. Many researchers believe that stem cells hold significant promise in the treatment of a wide variety of diseases. Researchers have reported progress in the development of new therapies utilizing stem cells for the treatment of cancer as well as neurological, immunological, genetic, cardiac, pancreatic, liver and degenerative diseases. In seeking to apply stem cell therapies to these diseases, researchers have explored both autologous and allogeneic stem cell therapies. Autologous therapies use stem cells derived from the patient receiving the therapy, while allogeneic therapies use stem cells derived from a separate donor. Stem cells represent a very small fraction, typically less than 1%, of the cells in a cord blood or bone marrow source. As a result, we believe that the proper selection of the stem cells that are expected to have the greatest therapeutic effect, and the isolation of those cells from the other cells in the cord blood or bone marrow source, is critical to the successful development of any regenerative therapy based on stem cells. Our ALDH br Technology Our proprietary technology represents a novel approach to isolating adult stem cells for therapy. We identify, select and isolate adult stem cells that express high levels of the enzyme ALDH. We believe that the use of ALDH expression as a marker for stem cells has a strong biological rationale. ALDH plays an important role in controlling the developmental state of stem and progenitor cells. It converts Vitamin A into retinoic acids, which are molecules that regulate genes and influence the differentiation of blood, neural, endothelial and other types of stem and progenitor cells. To identify ALDH br cells, we use a proprietary chemical compound that accumulates in cells with high ALDH levels and causes these cells to emit a green florescence that can be detected by a cell sorting device. We believe that the ALDH br stem cell populations produced using our technology have several potential advantages, including: • Broad potential applicability . In preclinical studies, ALDH br cell populations produced using our technology exhibited a variety of activities that suggest these cells could be active in promoting the regeneration of multiple types of cells and tissues. Accordingly, we believe that ALDH br cell populations may have a variety of therapeutic uses. • Heterogeneous mix of stem cells and progenitor cells. We believe that ALDH br cell populations contain a diverse, or heterogeneous, mix of stem cells and progenitor cells, potentially including hematopoietic, mesenchymal and neural stem cells and endothelial progenitor cells. Other companies are pursuing stem cell therapeutic approaches to tissue repair that consist of homogeneous cell populations containing only one of these types of cells. Because of the diversity of the stem cell types included in our ALDH br cell populations, we believe that our cell populations may promote tissue repair in a variety of ways. • Well-characterized stem cell populations. Our technology produces stem cell populations that are well characterized, meaning that each population produced has a high level of purity and a consistent set of physical and chemical characteristics. We believe that our ability to produce well-characterized cell populations based on ALDH activity enhances our ability to meet regulatory requirements related to the safety and efficacy of therapeutic cell products. 58 Table of Contents • Rapid manufacturing process. Our technology currently allows for the sorting of the ALDH br cell populations and their administration to the patient typically in less than 36 hours. We are developing enhancements to our technology that we believe may decrease turnaround time further. Additionally, the ALDH br cell populations produced using our technology do not require any expansion in the size of the cell population or other manipulation before infusion. Other methodologies may require cell culturing, for example, which can take several days or weeks. Our Product Development Pipeline The following table summarizes our product candidates and their stages of clinical development. We hold the worldwide commercialization rights for each of these product candidates. Product Candidate Target Indications Status of Development Upcoming Milestones ALD-101 Improvement of cord blood transplants used to treat pediatric inherited metabolic diseases Pivotal Phase 3 Complete Enrollment in Second Half of 2009; Results Expected in First Half of 2010 ALD-151 Improvement of cord blood transplants used to treat leukemia Phase 1 in pediatric patients Results Expected in First Quarter of 2009 ALD-301 Critical limb ischemia Phase 1/2 Results Expected in Third Quarter of 2008 ALD-201 Ischemic heart failure Phase 1 Results Expected in Fourth Quarter of 2008 ALD-101 and ALD-151 – Our Cord Blood Transplant Product Candidates Background of Cord Blood Transplantation According to the National Marrow Donor Program, an estimated 45,000 to 50,000 transplants using hematopoietic stem cells derived from bone marrow, peripheral blood or cord blood are performed annually worldwide to treat patients with life-threatening cancers as well as some inherited diseases that are not cancers. The group of diseases treatable with hematopoietic stem cell transplants include inherited metabolic diseases, such as Krabbe syndrome, metachromatic leukodystrophy, Hurler syndrome and adrenoleukodystrophy. These diseases, also known as inborn errors of metabolism, are progressive, degenerative and often fatal. In many cases, the only treatment available to patients with these diseases is a hematopoietic stem cell transplant. The results of these transplants improve when children are treated early. In some cases, doctors attempt to perform transplants in children with inherited metabolic diseases within the first six months of life. Children and adults with leukemia, a group of cancers of the blood or bone marrow characterized by abnormal proliferation of malignant blood cells that invade and disrupt the functioning of tissues, may also be candidates for hematopoietic stem cell transplants in order to restore their ability to produce new blood cells following chemotherapy. For leukemia patients with no other treatment alternatives, high doses of chemotherapy or radiation are administered to kill their cancerous cells, but this regimen also has the effect of destroying the patient’s ability to produce new blood cells. Other disorders of blood cell formation that may be treated with hematopoietic stem cell transplants include lymphomas, multiple myeloma and other plasma cell disorders, severe aplastic anemia and other marrow failure states, inherited immune system diseases, sickle cell disease and other malignancies. Although comparable outcomes have been achieved with transplants of hematopoietic stem cells derived from bone marrow, cord blood and peripheral blood, the selection of the source of stem cells to be used in a 59 Table of Contents transplant is based on several patient-specific factors. For cases in which a patient needs a transplant from another individual, also known as an allogeneic transplant, physicians usually search for a bone marrow donor or cord blood unit that closely or identically matches the patient’s human leukocyte antigen, or HLA, type. HLA markers are features of cell surfaces used by the body’s immune system to recognize which cells belong in the body and which do not. Because HLA tissue types are inherited, a patient’s best chance of finding a matched source is from a close relative. The National Marrow Donor Program estimates, however, that 70% of patients do not have a suitable bone marrow donor in their family. Finding, obtaining and qualifying an unrelated bone marrow donor for transplant can take months, often resulting in unacceptable progression of the underlying disease. When a related, type-matched bone marrow donor cannot be located quickly or at all, the physician may recommend a cord blood transplant. In a cord blood transplant, umbilical cord blood of a known HLA type is obtained from a donor bank to be infused into the patient. The use of cord blood transplants has increased for both children and adults, but they are more frequently used in the treatment of children, such as in the case of pediatric inherited metabolic diseases and pediatric leukemias. Because the number of hematopoietic stem cells that can form blood cells in the transplant recipient is proportional to his or her weight, smaller patients need fewer hematopoietic stem cells than larger patients. The FDA has not licensed the use of umbilical cord blood for any purpose, including for use as a treatment for pediatric inherited metabolic diseases or leukemias, but we believe that the FDA is currently considering a process to enable such licensure. We believe that umbilical cord blood has a number of advantages as a source of hematopoietic stem cells for transplant, compared to other potential allogeneic transplant sources such as bone marrow. In particular, a well-developed and reliable international infrastructure allows doctors to search for and obtain high-quality, type-matched cord blood from public cord blood banks in a matter of days. Currently, there are over 200,000 publicly banked, frozen cord blood units worldwide that have been collected from healthy donors, screened for genetic diseases, tested for infectious diseases and typed by a variety of blood-matching characteristics. Compared to transplants of bone marrow from unrelated donors, cord blood transplants generally result in fewer instances of severe graft-versus-host disease, or GvHD, a condition in which a donor’s immune cells attack the patient’s body after the transplant. This lower risk of GvHD permits the matching of donor cord blood to the patient’s blood characteristics to be less exact than in the case of a bone marrow transplant, which simplifies donor selection. As a result of the availability of high-quality, type-matched cord blood from public cord blood banks and the reduced risk of severe GvHD, umbilical cord blood transplants are more common than bone marrow transplants for patients who do not have related donors. Cord blood transplants also carry several risks. Prior to the transplant, the patient undergoes a treatment regimen involving chemotherapy that destroys the patient’s bone marrow cells. As a result, the patient has fewer platelets, which are cell fragments that circulate in the blood and promote blood clotting, and neutrophils, which are white blood cells that protect against infections. Following the cord blood transplant, new platelets and neutrophils are produced over time from the stem cells contained in the donated cord blood. During this process, known as engraftment, the donated hematopoietic stem cells establish themselves in the patient, begin to divide and then to differentiate to form new blood cells, including platelets and neutrophils. Engraftment time is generally measured as the period of time required to re-establish specified levels of platelets or neutrophils circulating in the patient’s bloodstream. Neutrophil engraftment typically takes several weeks, and platelet engraftment can take several months. The time to engraftment and the restoration of acceptable levels of platelets and neutrophils is generally longer in the case of cord blood transplants than for a matched bone marrow transplant. Following the transplant, while platelet and neutrophil levels are depressed, there is significant risk of life-threatening infections, bleeding and transfusion-related reactions. During this engraftment period, patients are typically isolated in special hospital sterile rooms and may require repeated platelet transfusions. We believe that a reduction in engraftment times could reduce these risks associated with conventional cord blood transplants and decrease the length and cost of the related hospital stay, which is a significant component of the overall cost of treatment for these patients. 60 Table of Contents Preclinical Research — Rationale for the Use of ALDH br Cell Populations in Cord Blood Transplants The preclinical research that we and others have conducted suggests that ALDH br cell populations exhibit hematopoietic, or blood production, activity. In this research, sorting human cord blood to isolate ALDH br cells captured: • a high concentration of the multilineage hematopoietic stem cells, which are very early-stage stem cells that are capable of differentiating into any type of blood cell, contained in the original cord blood; • virtually all of the human stem cells contained in the original cord blood unit that durably engrafted in mice with compromised immune systems, meaning that those stem cells were able to continue to generate blood cells and regenerate themselves beyond eight weeks; and • virtually all of the early-stage platelet progenitor cells contained in the original cord blood. Independent researchers have also performed retrospective analyses of data from prior transplants of peripheral blood and bone marrow. In these studies, researchers analyzed a small sample of the specific peripheral blood or bone marrow that had previously been transplanted into particular adult cancer patients. In each case, these samples had been saved for future analysis. In one study, researchers observed that speed of platelet and neutrophil engraftment following peripheral blood stem cell transplants were both highly correlated with the number of ALDH br cells the patients had received in the transplant. In a second study, researchers observed that the speed with which cells from transplanted bone marrow replaced the patient’s own blood cells likewise was strongly correlated with the number of ALDH br cells received in the transplant. Based on this research, we believe that ALDH br stem cell populations may encourage stable, accelerated and long-term engraftment following a cord blood transplant. We commenced our clinical trials of ALD-101 and ALD-151 to evaluate this potential. ALD-101 ALD-101 is the population of ALDH br stem cells we produce from a portion of a cord blood unit using our proprietary technology. We are developing ALD-101 to improve cord blood transplants used to treat pediatric inherited metabolic diseases. The production of ALD-101 begins when a physician orders a cord blood unit from a cord blood donor bank. Banked cord blood units are customarily frozen and packaged in a dual compartment bag, with 80% of the blood unit in one compartment and 20% in the other. The original banked cord blood unit is delivered frozen to the hospital where the transplant will occur. The hospital removes and delivers the 20% portion of the unit to us at our manufacturing facility and retains the 80% portion to be transplanted into the patient. We process the portion of the cord blood unit we receive to isolate and capture the ALDH br cells. Typically within 24 hours of our receipt of the 20% portion of the cord blood unit, we ship the resulting ALD-101 to the hospital. ALD-101 is then infused into the patient approximately four hours after the transplantation of the 80% portion of the cord blood unit. Market Opportunity for ALD-101 In a study that we commissioned, Trinity Partners, a consulting firm specializing in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, estimates that there are over 12,000 patients in the United States and Europe living with the inherited metabolic diseases included in our pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of ALD-101. These diseases include Krabbe syndrome, metachromatic leukodystrophy, Hurler syndrome and adrenoleukodystrophy. Trinity Partners also estimates that approximately 700 children in the United States and Europe are born with these diseases each year. Not every patient diagnosed with one of these inherited metabolic diseases will undergo a hematopoietic stem cell transplant, and some of those who are diagnosed with these diseases will undergo a bone marrow transplant, rather than a cord blood transplant, if a type-matched bone marrow donor can be located. We believe that the implementation of newborn screening for inherited metabolic diseases, such as a pilot program initiated in New York in August 2006 to screen for Krabbe syndrome, could lead to earlier and wider identification of pediatric patients that can be effectively treated with cord blood transplants. 61 Table of Contents According to the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project , a family of databases sponsored by the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, the median cost of the initial hospital stay associated with a cord blood transplant in the United States is approximately $360,000. This amount includes costs associated with post-transplant complications during hospitalization, such as infections and GvHD. We believe that ALD-101, if proven to be effective in accelerating engraftment times in patients following a cord blood transplant, could result in a reduction in post-transplant complications and the length of hospital stays. Clinical Development of ALD-101 Phase 1 Clinical Trial Investigators have completed enrollment and treatment of 24 patients in a Phase 1 clinical trial, which we refer to as the UCBT-001 trial. This trial is being performed at the Duke University Medical Center. Trial Design. The UCBT-001 trial is a single-arm study, meaning that all subjects received ALD-101. In this trial, investigators infused ALD-101 into patients approximately four hours after the transplant of the 80% portion of the cord blood unit. Investigators are monitoring patients over a 180-day period following the transplant to observe safety of the infusion, the rate of platelet and neutrophil engraftment and clinical outcomes. Endpoints. The primary objective of the UCBT-001 trial is to evaluate the safety of ALD-101. Endpoints of the trial include the time to neutrophil engraftment, patient survival at day 100, disease-free survival at day 180, the incidence of platelet engraftment, median time to reconstitution of the immune system and the incidence and severity of GvHD. For purposes of this trial, platelet engraftment is defined as the restoration of platelet levels to at least 50,000 per microliter of blood for three consecutive days without a platelet transfusion during the preceding seven days. Neutrophil engraftment is defined as the restoration of circulating absolute neutrophil count to at least 500 per microliter of blood for three consecutive measurements over three or more days prior to day 42. Investigators also monitored patients for any adverse events associated with the administration of ALD-101. As part of our statistical analysis plan for the UCBT-001 trial, we are comparing the patient outcomes in the UCBT-001 trial to patient outcomes observed in a subset of subjects in the Cord Blood Transplantation, or COBLT, trial sponsored by the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute of the National Institutes of Health. The COBLT trial was a Phase 2 clinical trial that commenced in 1999 and was completed in 2007. The study included 364 cord blood transplant patients at 26 participating institutions, including 69 patients with inherited metabolic diseases. The goal of the COBLT trial was to determine if banked cord blood from unrelated donors could serve as an adequate hematopoietic stem cell source for adults and children with malignancies, immune deficiencies, inherited bone marrow failure, or inherited metabolic diseases. The largest group of patients in the COBLT trial were pediatric patients with various leukemias. The primary endpoint of the COBLT trial was 180-day survival after the cord blood transplant. Secondary endpoints of the COBLT trial included disease-free survival and platelet and neutrophil engraftment, using the same standard measures of platelet and neutrophil levels used in the UCBT-001 trial, the frequency and severity of acute and chronic GvHD, overall patient survival and immune system reconstitution. Inclusion and Exclusion Criteria. The primary inclusion criterion for the UCBT-001 trial participants was a diagnosis of a hematological malignancy, such as leukemia, an inherited metabolic disease or one of a variety of other conditions. Of the patients enrolled in the trial, 11 had been diagnosed with leukemia and other non-metabolic diseases and 13 had been diagnosed with an inherited metabolic disease. Key exclusion criteria for the trial participants were active central nervous system disease in patients with malignancies, uncontrolled infection, life expectancy of less than three months, and other specified conditions that would render the patient at too high of a risk for treatment. These patient inclusion and exclusion criteria were largely the same as those used in the COBLT trial. 62 Table of Contents Results. All patients in the UCBT-001 trial have either reached engraftment or died before engraftment. Three surviving patients have yet to complete their 180-day final examination for survival, the last of which is scheduled for June 2008. The adverse event profile of patients in the UCBT-001 trial to date has been similar to that reported in the COBLT trial, and we have not observed any toxicity associated with the ALD-101 infusion. The results of the UCBT-001 trial have not indicated any increase in the rate of failure of the recipients to accept the transplanted cells when compared with the COBLT trial or any delay in platelet or neutrophil engraftment when compared to the COBLT trial. In the UCBT-001 trial, observed engraftment results included: • statistically significant reduction in the median time to platelet engraftment, compared to the COBLT trial; • statistically significant improvement in the cumulative incidence of platelet engraftment, which means the percentage of patients who achieved platelet engraftment, at 180 days following the cord blood transplant, compared to the COBLT trial; • statistically significant reduction in the median time to neutrophil engraftment, compared to the COBLT trial; and • statistically significant improvement in the cumulative incidence of neutrophil engraftment at 42 days following the cord blood transplant, compared to the COBLT trial. The following table compares the engraftment results of the 12 patients in the UCBT-001 trial who suffered from inherited metabolic diseases and commenced the trial with a Lansky performance score of 80% or higher with the results of the 57 patients in the COBLT trial who fit the same description. The Lansky performance score is a standard scale used by clinicians to assess a patient’s physical and mental developmental status. Researchers have observed that patients with inherited metabolic diseases and Lansky performance scores of less than 80% tend to do poorly following a cord blood transplant. Consequently, researchers now consider such patients to be poor transplant candidates. The original protocol for the UCBT-001 trial did not specify that we analyze the specific endpoints and subgroups in the table below and it did not contemplate that we would exclude the patients with Lansky performance scores below 80%. We believe, however, that excluding the patients with Lansky performance scores below 80% is appropriate in this analysis because it more closely tracks current treatment conventions. We are also excluding these patients from participating in our pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of ALD-101. For the purposes of the following table, we determined statistical significance based on a widely used, conventional statistical method that establishes a measure known as the p-value of clinical results. Under this method, a p-value of 0.05 or less represents statistical significance, meaning that there is a less than one-in-twenty likelihood that the observed results occurred by chance. Endpoint UCBT-001 (n=12) COBLT (n=57) p-value Median time to platelet engraftment 53 days 97 days 0.04 Cumulative incidence of platelet engraftment at day 180 83.3 % 64.9 % 0.04 Median time to neutrophil engraftment 19 days 24 days 0.03 Cumulative incidence of neutrophil engraftment at day 42 91.7 % 78.6 % 0.03 The FDA has raised specific concerns about the use of the results from a group of patients in the COBLT trial as a historical control group for analysis. The FDA has stated that time to engraftment in the COBLT trial was longer than in other published studies, raising the possibility that a comparison of our results to the COBLT trial will be seen by the FDA as overstating the potential efficacy of ALD-101. The FDA asked us to comment on this discrepancy. In our response to the FDA, we reviewed the published studies they cited and concluded that, in each case, either the study was not comparable to the COBLT trial or there were unrelated reasons for the shorter engraftment times. However, the FDA may ultimately disagree with our view. 63 Table of Contents Pivotal Phase 3 Clinical Trial In March 2008, we began enrolling patients in a pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial, which we refer to as the UCBT-002 trial. The purpose of the UCBT-002 trial is to further evaluate the efficacy of ALD-101 in accelerating the engraftment of platelets and neutrophils in pediatric patients undergoing cord blood transplants for the treatment of inherited metabolic diseases. We anticipate that we will complete enrollment of the patients in the second half of 2009 and that the results of this trial will be available in the first half of 2010. Trial Design. The design of the UCBT-002 trial is similar to that of the UCBT-001 trial, with the exception that the UCBT-002 trial will be conducted at multiple sites, the number of patients to be enrolled will be increased to 40 patients, all of whom will be children with inherited metabolic diseases and Lansky scores of at least 80%, and the primary endpoint will be time to platelet engraftment. The UCBT-002 trial is a single-arm trial. As with the UCBT-001 trial, we will compare results for patients treated with ALD-101 in the UCBT-002 trial to results for patients who received cord blood transplants for inherited metabolic diseases and Lansky scores of at least 80% in the COBLT trial. Lansky scores were not part of the inclusion or exclusion criteria for enrollment in the COBLT trial. Although the FDA prefers the use of randomized, controlled trials, in which enrolled patients are randomly assigned to one of two treatment groups, and has raised specific concerns about the use of a single-arm study with a historical control for the UCBT-002 trial, the FDA has acknowledged the unique issues associated with our targeted patient population for ALD-101. However, the FDA may require that we complete a randomized, controlled trial of ALD-101 with appropriately sized treatment and concurrent control groups before it would agree to review a BLA. We believe that enrolling such a trial would take approximately five to seven years due to the limited number of pediatric patients with inherited metabolic diseases. In such a lengthy trial, investigators might also seek to change treatment regimens, which could cause additional enrollment delays. The FDA has also suggested that we consider using a case-match historical control trial, which we are also evaluating. A case-match historical control trial would involve seeking specific cases in historical databases that match a variety of clinical characteristics similar to those of the patients being studied in the UCBT-002 trial that would serve as the control group for comparative purposes. The FDA also has raised concerns regarding the acceptability of the COBLT trial as the comparator for the UCBT-002 trial. We believe that the COBLT trial is the best historical control comparator for the UCBT-002 trial because the COBLT trial was a relatively large trial conducted by an independent party that included patients from the same patient population that we are using in the UCBT-002 trial. There is substantial similarity in treatment regimens, endpoint measurements, patient inclusion and exclusion criteria and patient population between the COBLT trial and the UCBT-002 trial. Endpoints. The primary endpoint of the UCBT-002 trial is the time to platelet engraftment. Secondary endpoints of this trial include the time to neutrophil engraftment and the incidence of platelet and neutrophil engraftment. We are also evaluating the safety profile of ALD-101 as well as overall patient survival rates. For purposes of the UCBT-002 trial, platelet and neutrophil engraftment will be measured in the same manner as in the UCBT-001 trial. Inclusion and Exclusion Criteria. The patient inclusion and exclusion criteria to be used in the UCBT-002 trial are largely the same as those used for patients with inherited metabolic diseases in the COBLT trial. The primary inclusion criterion for the UCBT-002 trial is a diagnosis of one of several inherited metabolic diseases, including Krabbe syndrome, metachromatic leukodystrophy, Hurler syndrome and adrenoleukodystrophy. Key exclusion criteria include uncontrolled infections, uncontrolled seizures, apnea, evidence of aspiration pneumonia, prior allogeneic stem cell transplant within 12 months of enrollment, availability of related donors that are type-matched, and evidence of brain stem involvement on MRI scans. In the UCBT-002 trial, but not in the COBLT trial, subjects must also have a Lansky performance score of at least 80%. 64 Table of Contents Plans for Future Development. If the UCBT-002 trial yields positive results, and the FDA separately approves the use of cord blood for the treatment of inherited metabolic diseases, we intend to submit a BLA to the FDA seeking marketing approval for ALD-101. We may also initiate clinical trials to evaluate the efficacy of ALD-101 in accelerating the engraftment time of platelets and neutrophils in pediatric patients undergoing cord blood transplants for the treatment of leukemias and other genetic disorders. ALD-151 ALD-151 is the population of ALDH br stem cells we produce from a full cord blood unit using our proprietary technology. We are currently developing ALD-151 to improve cord blood transplants used to treat leukemias. A single cord blood unit typically contains a sufficient number of hematopoietic stem cells to treat a patient weighing less than approximately 90 pounds. To provide larger patients with a higher stem cell dose than would be available in a single cord blood unit, some clinicians transplant two full cord blood units, each from a different donor. Early data, however, suggest that patients receiving two cord blood units have a higher risk of contracting GvHD. In these transplants using two cord blood units, blood cells derived from both units are present following the transplant. Studies indicate, however, that only one of the two transplanted cord blood units ultimately engrafts completely in a patient over the long term, and after approximately three months, virtually all blood cells in these patients have been derived from only one of the transplanted cord blood units. To date, it has not been possible to predict which of the two cord blood units transplanted will ultimately engraft. ALD-151 presents another approach to increasing the dose of stem cells from a cord blood transplant for larger patients. To produce ALD-151 we receive one full unit of cord blood from a cord blood bank. An additional full cord blood unit is separately shipped to the hospital for the transplant. We process the full cord blood unit we receive to isolate and capture the ALDH br cells. Typically within 24 hours of our receipt of the full cord blood unit, we ship the resulting ALD-151 to the hospital. ALD-151 is then infused into the patient approximately four hours after the transplant of the other cord blood unit. ALD-151, when administered in conjunction with a full-unit cord blood transplant, can provide a larger dose of hematopoietic stem cells than would be available in a transplant from a single cord blood unit, while reducing the number of cells that could lead to GvHD from the number that would be present following a transplant using two cord blood units. Market Opportunity for ALD-151 In a study we commissioned, Trinity Partners estimates that there are over 12,000 new cases of adult leukemia per year in the United States. According to Trinity, approximately 7,500 allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplants are performed annually in the United States and Europe for the treatment of adult leukemias. These statistics include bone marrow transplants and cord blood transplants. Clinical Development of ALD-151 In February 2008, investigators began enrolling patients in a Phase 1 clinical trial of ALD-151 that is being conducted at Duke University Medical Center. The purpose of this trial is to evaluate the safety and potential efficacy of ALD-151 in accelerating the engraftment time of platelets and neutrophils in patients undergoing cord blood transplants for the treatment of leukemia or inherited metabolic diseases. To date, investigators have treated five patients with ALD-151 in this trial, and we expect a total of up to 10 patients to be enrolled. We expect that the results of this clinical trial will be available in the first quarter of 2009. Trial Design. In this single-arm trial, investigators will infuse ALD-151 into patients approximately four hours after the transplant of a full cord blood unit. Investigators will monitor patients over a 180-day period following the transplant. 65 Table of Contents Endpoints. The primary objective of this clinical trial is to evaluate the safety of ALD-151. Endpoints of this trial include overall patient survival rates at 100 days, time and incidence of platelet and neutrophil engraftment, immune system reconstitution and the incidence and severity of GvHD. Platelet and neutrophil engraftment will be measured in the same manner as in the UCBT-001 and UCBT-002 clinical trials of ALD-101. We also intend to determine whether ALD-151 contributes the cells that durably engraft. Inclusion and Exclusion Criteria. The primary inclusion criterion is a diagnosis of a hematological malignancy, such as leukemia, melodysplastic syndrome, an inherited metabolic disease or one of a variety of other conditions. Key exclusion criteria include active central nervous system disease in patients with malignancies, uncontrolled infection at the time of the transplant preparative regimen, a life expectancy of less than three months, and other specified conditions that would render the patient too high of a risk for treatment. The protocol for this trial does not exclude patients based on size. Therefore, patients weighing less than approximately 90 pounds may be included in the trial if, in the clinical judgment of the treating physician, the patient would be likely to benefit from a two-unit cord blood transplant. Plans for Future Development. If the final results of this Phase 1 clinical trial are positive, we plan to conduct further clinical trials of ALD-151 in adult leukemia patients undergoing cord blood transplants. ALD-301 and ALD-201—Our Cardiovascular Product Candidates Preclinical Research—Rationale for the Use of ALDH br Cell Populations in Cardiovascular Ischemic Repair Preclinical research suggests that ALDH br cells derived from bone marrow may promote the repair of ischemic tissue damage, which is tissue damage caused by inadequate blood flow resulting from the obstruction of blood vessels supplying blood to the tissue. One way in which ALDH br cells may contribute to tissue repair is by promoting the creation of new blood vessels in the damaged tissue, which could result in an influx of cells and other molecules that are necessary for tissue repair. To test the hypothesis that ALDH br cells promote the formation of new blood vessels, which could in turn promote the repair of ischemic tissue damage, we commissioned a preclinical animal study at the Washington University School of Medicine. This study used a mouse model of hind limb ischemic damage. In this study, researchers induced ischemic damage in one leg of each mouse. Researchers then injected the mice with one of the following: • a vehicle control, which contained the solution in which the other cell populations described below were suspended, but no cells; • a cell population consisting of unsorted human bone marrow cells; • a cell population consisting of all the non-ALDH br cells sorted from human bone marrow, which we refer to as ALDH low cells; or • a cell population consisting of all the ALDH br cells sorted from human bone marrow. The researchers then observed the mice at four days, seven days, 10 days, 14 days and 21 days after the injection and measured the amount of blood flow, or perfusion, using laser Doppler imaging. Results were expressed as the ratio of perfusion in the ischemic limb after the injection as compared to perfusion in a non-ischemic limb of the mouse. Key findings of this study included: • mice receiving ALDH br cells experienced more improvement in blood flow to the injured tissue within one week of injection than did mice in the vehicle control group, and the improvement in blood flow compared to the vehicle control group increased progressively over the first three weeks of the experiment, and doubled the extent of improvement over the vehicle control group at day 21; 66 Table of Contents • mice receiving ALDH low cells did not experience any more improvement in blood flow to the injured tissue than did the vehicle control group as measured at the first four measurement dates, with only minor improvement at the 21-day measurement; and • mice receiving ALDH br cells experienced more blood flow improvement than did those receiving unsorted human bone marrow cells, which we believe suggests that other cells or proteins in bone marrow may inhibit tissue repair activity and that sorting and isolating ALDH br cells may increase their effectiveness in repairing ischemic damage. The following chart illustrates these results. The researchers in this study also examined mice from each group following the end of the study to determine the density of capillaries, which are small blood vessels, at the site of the tissue damage. Capillary density was measured by counting the number of capillaries in a given volume of tissue and was expressed as a percentage of the capillary density of the vehicle control group. The following chart indicates the changes in capillary density. Only the mice that received injections of ALDH br cells exhibited a statistically significant increase in capillary density when compared to the vehicle control group. The p-value for this increase was less than 0.05. Based on these preclinical results, we initiated a Phase 1/2 clinical trial of ALD-301 and a Phase 1 clinical trial of ALD-201, both of which are derived from bone marrow, for the treatment of cardiovascular diseases. 67 Table of Contents ALD-301 ALD-301 is the population of ALDH br stem cells we produce using our proprietary technology to sort a specified quantity of bone marrow collected from the patient receiving the therapy. We are developing ALD-301 for the treatment of critical limb ischemia. To produce ALD-301, we receive 150 milliliters of bone marrow extracted from the patient. At our manufacturing facility, we process the bone marrow to isolate and capture the ALDH br cells. Typically within 36 hours of our receipt of the bone marrow, we deliver the resulting ALD-301 cells either to an interventional cardiologist or to a vascular surgeon, who then administers ALD-301 to the patient by intramuscular injection into the patient’s leg. Critical Limb Ischemia Critical limb ischemia is a condition characterized by significant impairment of blood flow to the legs and feet caused by a blockage of the arteries. Patients with severe cases of critical limb ischemia may experience persistent pain in their lower extremities and may also suffer from severe tissue damage in the affected area. There are no drugs currently approved by the FDA for the treatment of this condition. The predominant treatment options for patients with critical limb ischemia are surgical procedures to restore blood flow, or revascularization, such as implanting a new blood vessel to bypass the blockage, or endovascular approaches, such as angioplasty, in which the vessel is unblocked from the inside using a balloon catheter or by installing a stent inside the vessel to maintain its opening. We estimate that nearly 50% of patients who undergo surgery for critical limb ischemia have poor functional recovery and that many of these patients ultimately require amputation. In a study published in the journal Cardiovascular and Hematological Disorders , researchers estimated that approximately 10% to 40% of critical limb ischemia patients are not considered candidates for surgical revascularization or endovascular procedures. For these patients, amputation is often the only available clinical option. The Sage Group, an independent research and consulting firm specializing in vascular diseases in the lower limbs, estimates that within six months of diagnosis up to 35% of critical limb ischemia patients will require limb amputation and approximately 20% will die. Market Opportunity for ALD-301 The Sage Group estimates that approximately 2.0 million people in the United States have been diagnosed with critical limb ischemia and projects that this patient population will grow to nearly 2.8 million by 2020. The Sage Group also estimates that there are approximately 160,000 leg amputations performed on critical limb ischemia patients annually in the United States. According to the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project , the median hospital cost associated with a leg amputation was approximately $38,000 in 2005. Clinical Development of ALD-301 In April 2008, we completed enrollment of a 21-patient Phase 1/2 clinical trial of ALD-301. We are conducting this trial at five sites in the United States to evaluate the safety and potential efficacy of ALD-301 as a treatment for patients with advanced critical limb ischemia. We expect the final results of this trial to be available in the third quarter of 2008. Trial Design. This trial is a randomized, controlled trial with two treatment groups. A total of 21 patients were randomly selected to receive an injection of either ALD-301 or an unsorted quantity of their own bone marrow. The trial is also double-blind, meaning that neither the clinician or the sponsor, on the one hand, nor the patient, on the other hand, knows the group to which the patient has been assigned. We have elected to use unsorted bone marrow as the control for this trial to facilitate recruitment of patients, because clinical studies using unsorted bone marrow cells have indicated that they may promote the restoration of limb function and the repair of tissue damage where there has been a loss of blood supply. 68 Table of Contents Endpoints. The primary objective of this trial is to evaluate the safety of ALD-301. Patients are being monitored for serious adverse events, including death, amputation, stroke, heart attack and hospitalization. Secondary endpoints of the trial include change in clinical status from baseline to 12 weeks, as measured by the Rutherford scale, a well- accepted clinical categorization for the extent of critical limb ischemia. The Rutherford scale places patients in one of the following seven categories based on their clinical status: • Category 0 patients are not symptomatic; • Category 1 patients experience mild claudication, or cramp-like pains after activities such as walking; • Category 2 patients experience moderate claudication; • Category 3 patients experience severe claudication; • Category 4 patients experience ischemic pain while at rest; • Category 5 patients have suffered minor tissue loss; and • Category 6 patients have suffered major tissue loss. In addition, we are measuring change in clinical status by two other well-accepted clinical tools for assessing the extent of critical limb ischemia, the ankle-brachial index and transcutaneous pressure of oxygen, or TcPO 2 . The ankle-brachial index measures the ratio of blood pressure in the leg to blood pressure in the arm. When blood flow is increased in the leg, the blood pressure in the leg more closely approaches blood pressure in the arm providing for a higher ratio. TcPO 2 measures oxygen in the skin tissues of the leg. When blood flow is increased, TcPO 2 increases because, blood carries oxygen to the tissues. Other endpoints include change in ulceration and change in nerve conduction ability. We are assessing patients in this clinical trial for endpoints for the first 12 weeks after injection and following them for a total of six months after injection. Inclusion and Exclusion Criteria. Only patients assessed within categories 4 or 5 on the Rutherford scale who had no revascularization treatment options and exhibited objective evidence of severe peripheral arterial disease, among other criteria, were eligible for participation in this clinical trial. Patients with poorly controlled diabetes, renal insufficiency, congestive heart failure, cognitive impairments or a past malignancy affecting the bone marrow were excluded from participation in the trial. Preliminary Analysis of Interim Results. In February 2008, we performed an interim analysis of the data from our Phase 1/2 clinical trial. Our efficacy analysis included only those patients who had completed their 12-week assessments. Our safety analysis included all available safety data, regardless of whether the patient had completed his or her 12-week assessment. Four patients in the ALD-301 treatment group had efficacy data available at 12 weeks, while a total of seven were analyzed for safety. Six patients in the unsorted bone marrow group had efficacy data available, while a total of seven of these patients were analyzed for safety. Interim Safety Results. Based on our analysis of the interim results of this trial, both ALD-301 and the unsorted bone marrow cells were well tolerated. Among the seven patients in the ALD-301 treatment group, one patient experienced severe hypotension 10 days after treatment and a second patient suffered an ischemic stroke nine days after treatment. In both cases, the clinical investigator considered the events to be unrelated to treatment with ALD-301. Among the seven patients in the unsorted bone marrow group, one patient experienced continued progression of critical limb ischemia, resulting in the amputation of the treated limb, and one patient required amputation of the big toe of the untreated limb. None of the patients evaluated as part of the interim analysis died during the trial. Interim Efficacy Results. Twelve-week efficacy data was available for 10 of the patients at the time we conducted our interim analysis. Four of these 10 patients were in the ALD-301 treatment group and six were in the unsorted bone marrow group. Of the 10 patients included in the interim results, seven were male and three were female. The patients had a median age of 74 years. Two of the patients had been diagnosed with diabetes. At 12 weeks following the injection, we observed the following changes in clinical condition based on changes in the Rutherford scale: • Three of four patients in the ALD-301 treatment group improved to Rutherford category 3 or lower, indicating that they no longer had critical limb ischemia. Two of the six patients in the unsorted bone marrow group improved to Rutherford category 3 or lower. 69 Table of Contents • None of the patients in the ALD-301 treatment group worsened clinically, as evidenced by an increase of Rutherford category. Two of the patients in the unsorted bone marrow group worsened clinically, as evidenced by an increase of Rutherford category or amputation. • The two patients in the ALD-301 treatment group who received the highest numbers of ALDH br cells experienced the greatest clinical improvement within the ALD-301 treatment group, as evidenced by an improvement of at least two Rutherford categories. The number of ALDH br cells administered differs from one patient to another because each patient yields a different number of cells from the 150 milliliters of bone marrow collected from that patient to produce ALD-301. At 12 weeks following the injection, we also observed: • All four of the patients in the ALD-301 treatment group improved in at least one of the measures of clinical status. Five of the six patients in the unsorted bone marrow group improved in at least one of these measures. • Two of the four patients in the ALD-301 treatment group improved in two or more of the measures of clinical status. One of the six patients in the unsorted bone marrow group improved in two or more of these measures. In addition, all four of the patients in the ALD-301 treatment group were alive and amputation-free at the end of the six-month follow-up period. These interim results have only recently become available, and new information may arise from our continuing analysis of the data that may be less favorable than this interim data. In addition, the results from the remaining patients enrolled in this clinical trial may cause the final results of the trial to differ materially from the data for the 10 patients presented above. Plans for Future Development. If the final results of this Phase 1/2 clinical trial are positive, we plan to initiate additional larger clinical trials of ALD-301. As a result of the six-month amputation-free survival data, we may explore increases in amputation-free survival as a potential clinical endpoint for further development of ALD-301. We anticipate that our future clinical trials would use a placebo control. ALD-201 ALD-201 is the population of ALDH br stem cells we produce using our proprietary technology to sort a specified quantity of bone marrow collected from the patient receiving the therapy. We are developing ALD-201 for the treatment of ischemic heart failure. To produce ALD-201, we receive 100 milliliters of bone marrow collected from the patient. At our manufacturing facility, we process the bone marrow to isolate and capture the ALDH br cells. Typically within 36 hours of our receipt of the bone marrow, we deliver the resulting ALD-201 to an interventional cardiologist, who then administers ALD-201 to the patient by injection directly into the patient’s heart muscle using a specialized catheter. Ischemic Heart Failure Ischemic heart failure is caused by an obstruction of the arteries feeding blood to the heart tissue. The resulting damage to the heart muscle from insufficient oxygen and nutrients reduces the heart’s ability to pump blood efficiently to the rest of the body. Current treatment options for ischemic heart failure include surgical procedures, bi-ventricular pacers, drug therapies, implantable cardiac defibrillators, and ventricular assist devices. For some patients, these treatments are not effective or appropriate. Once ischemic heart failure patients have exhausted all potential revascularization options, their only other option is a heart transplant. 70 Table of Contents Market Opportunity for ALD-201 According to the American Heart Association, 5.3 million patients in the United States suffer from heart failure, with an additional 660,000 new cases of heart failure diagnosed each year. In a study we commissioned, Trinity Partners estimates that approximately 70% of U.S. heart failure patients, or approximately 3.7 million patients, have ischemic heart failure. There is no definitive data on the number of ischemic heart failure patients who no longer have revascularization options and whose only treatment option is a heart transplant. However, Trinity Partners estimates that there are between 200,000 and 300,000 patients who fall into this category. According to the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project , the median hospital cost associated with heart transplantation is approximately $307,000 per transplant. Clinical Development of ALD-201 In September 2006, investigators at The Texas Heart Institute began enrolling patients in a Phase 1 clinical trial of ALD-201. This trial is designed to evaluate the safety and potential efficacy of ALD-201 as a treatment for ischemic heart failure. To date, investigators have enrolled and treated 18 patients in the trial. The protocol for this trial provides for up to 60 patients, but we expect to limit enrollment to 20 patients, which we expect will be completed in the second quarter of 2008. We expect that the results of the 20 patients to be evaluated in this trial will be available in the fourth quarter of 2008. Trial Design. This clinical trial is being conducted as a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Patients in the ALD-201 treatment group will receive an injection of ALD-201. Patients in the placebo control group receive an injection of an equivalent volume of placebo using the same catheter delivery system. Investigators are assessing patients for endpoints for the first six months after the injection and then following them for an additional six months. After the initial six-month assessment, patients in the control group are offered the opportunity to be treated with ALD-201 and then evaluated as though they had been initially placed in the ALD-201 treatment group. The clinical investigators in this trial are using the MyoStar catheter system developed by Johnson & Johnson for the injection of ALD-201 and the placebo. The MyoStar catheter is a highly specialized, experimental catheter designed to inject agents into the heart. It has not been approved by the FDA for use with ALD-201 or any commercial use. The catheter is used together with an electronanatomical mapping system, which creates a real-time, three-dimensional mapping of the patient’s heart. The location information displayed on the mapping system screen gives the location of the catheter tip, which allows for precise targeting of injections into the heart muscle. Endpoints. The primary objective of this clinical trial is to evaluate the safety of ALD-201. Secondary endpoints include efficacy evaluations, including aerobic capacity and walking distance. Other endpoints include change in clinical status, blood flow measures, imaging tests, such as echocardiograms and single-photon-emission computed tomography, or SPECT, and subjective measures of quality of life. Inclusion and Exclusion Criteria. Only patients with no further revascularization options are eligible to participate in this trial. In addition, patients must be in specified classes under the Canadian Cardiovascular Society system for the measurement of angina and have an observed ejection fraction no greater than 45%, meaning that their left ventricle pumps less than 45% of the total blood in the ventricle per heartbeat. Other inclusion criteria include a reversible perfusion defect on SPECT. Key exclusion criteria include high-risk acute coronary syndrome, a recent heart attack or a left ventricular wall thickness of less than eight millimeters at the injection site. Plans for Future Development. If the results of this Phase 1 clinical trial are positive, we plan to initiate additional larger clinical trials of ALD-201. 71 Table of Contents Potential Use of ALDH br Cell Populations in Other Therapeutic Areas In addition to the potential role of ALDH br cells in accelerating engraftment following cord blood transplants, as well as in the treatment of ischemic damage, we believe that these cells may have broad applicability in a variety of other therapeutic areas. Three preclinical studies suggest potential for using ALDH br cells in other indications: • In a preclinical study conducted by third-party researchers to evaluate the treatment of mice with a genetic neurodegenerative disease, ALDH br cell populations derived from mouse spinal cord tissue were shown to contain mouse neural progenitor cells. Mice that received the ALDH br cells in this study showed evidence of the regeneration of a specific damaged spinal nerve and these mice regained function in their hind legs. We believe that these results suggest that ALDH br cell populations may have the potential to treat neurological disorders, such as ischemic stroke and neurodegenerative diseases. • In another preclinical study, academic researchers evaluated whether ALDH br cells derived from human cord blood can participate in liver regeneration in mice following acute chemically induced liver damage. In that study, mice were injected with ALDH br cells derived from human cord blood following the induced damage to the liver tissue. The researchers then observed that ALDH br cells were present in the mouse livers after the injury. Furthermore, these ALDH br cells appeared to have differentiated into cells resembling the chief functional cells of the liver. We believe that these results suggest that ALDH br cell populations could promote the repair of damaged livers in several clinical contexts, including hepatitis. • In a preclinical study conducted by academic researchers using a mouse model of multi-organ failure in human lysosomal storage disease, researchers injected human ALDH br cells into the mice. The researchers then observed that ALDH br cells were present in the damaged tissue. Furthermore, these ALDH br cells appeared to have differentiated into a variety of tissue types depending on the nature of the damaged tissue. We believe that these results suggest that ALDH br cell populations could have the potential to help promote the repair of a variety of tissues in clinical indications in orthopedics, eye diseases, diabetes, kidney diseases and neurological disorders. Our Research and Diagnostic Products In addition to our therapeutic product candidates in clinical development, we have commercialized two research and diagnostic products based on our technology. We sell both of these products through a third-party distributor. ALDEFLUOR ALDEFLUOR is a reagent system for use only in research activities to identify and isolate stem cells and progenitor cells based on ALDH activity. ALDEFLUOR is optimized for identifying human hematopoietic cells, but has also been adapted for use with other cell types. ALDEFLUOR is not capable of producing any of our therapeutic product candidates. We have sold ALDEFLUOR units to researchers since 2003 and have received cumulative revenues to date of approximately $500,000. ALDECOUNT ALDECOUNT is a diagnostic product for identification and counting of ALDH br cells in vitro using flow cytometry. The FDA has given pre-market clearance to ALDECOUNT for use with fresh or frozen human peripheral blood, umbilical cord blood and bone marrow and for use in leukapheresis, a process by which white blood cells are separated from a sample of blood. Researchers and diagnostic laboratories use ALDECOUNT for a variety of applications, including the assessment of cardiovascular health by counting circulating progenitor cells and the assessment of bone marrow transplant quality by counting hematopoietic stem cells. We also use ALDECOUNT internally in our clinical trials to assess the stem cell count in our product candidates. We have sold ALDECOUNT to clinical and research laboratories since 2004 and have received only nominal revenues to date from the sale of ALDECOUNT. 72 Table of Contents Manufacturing Historically, we and several contractors manufactured our product candidates for preclinical studies and clinical trials. In 2007, we consolidated all of our manufacturing functions at our facility at our corporate headquarters in Durham, North Carolina. This facility is registered with the FDA as a cell manufacturing establishment and we believe that it is operating in compliance with the cGMP and cGTP standards required by the FDA. At our facility, we configure and package our product candidates to allow for ease of storage, distribution and use in the clinic. We currently use traditional cell sorting equipment to manufacture our product candidates. We believe that our current isolation methodologies are sufficient to produce a sufficient number and quality of ALDH br cells to advance our product candidates through clinical trials and to commence commercialization if we receive marketing approval. However, we believe that there are a number of ways to enhance our processes that could reduce our manufacturing costs. As a result, we are currently developing new processes and instruments to improve our manufacturing efficiency. For example, we are currently developing and testing a prototype of an advanced cell sorter that we refer to as the Aldesorter. The Aldesorter is based on micro-electro-mechanical systems, or MEMS, sorting chips. The Aldesorter MEMS chip under development has 16 parallel channels that will sort cells simultaneously, which should significantly increase our sorting speeds and decrease overall manufacturing costs. In addition, we anticipate that the Aldesorter would be significantly less expensive for us to operate than conventional cell sorters. The Aldesorter is also significantly smaller than our current sorting machines and, once operational, will not require separate clean room space. Sales and Marketing We currently have limited sales and marketing capabilities and no distribution capabilities. If we receive regulatory approval for ALD-101, we plan to market ALD-101 using a small, focused and specialized internal sales force. We believe that such a sales force could address the relatively small number of treatment centers and investigators involved in cord blood transplants for inherited metabolic diseases in pediatric patients. We also believe that, by developing our own sales force, we can control marketing efforts more effectively and obtain better access to the physicians that we would target. In addition, we expect that we would be able to use the experience of an internal sales force gained in promoting ALD-101 to market ALD-151, our other cord blood transplant product candidate, if it is approved for marketing by the FDA. We also plan to pursue strategic collaborations to support and facilitate the development and commercialization of some of our product candidates. In particular, we intend to explore collaboration arrangements with leading pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies for the commercialization of ALD-301 and ALD-201, which we are developing for target indications with large addressable patient populations that we believe are better served by large sales and marketing organizations. Furthermore, if we choose to pursue approval of any of our product candidates by foreign regulatory authorities, we would evaluate the potential for collaborations with third parties to assist in the development and commercialization of these product candidates in international markets. When appropriate, we also plan to build a marketing and sales management organization to create and implement marketing strategies for any products that we market through our own sales force and to oversee and support our sales force. The responsibilities of the marketing organization would include developing educational initiatives with respect to any approved products and establishing relationships with influential practitioners in relevant fields of medicine. Intellectual Property We currently own or have exclusive licenses to four issued U.S. patents, including two with claims directed to our product candidates. Foreign counterparts to these patents, including composition of matter claims, have been filed, and we own or hold licenses to three issued or allowed patents in Europe, Australia and Singapore. 73 Table of Contents We also have two additional pending U.S. patent applications, two pending international applications under the Patent Cooperation Treaty, and six pending patent applications on file in foreign countries. The issued patents and pending patent applications included in our portfolio are directed to the method used to manufacture cell populations that express high levels of ALDH, the chemistry used in this manufacturing process, kits that embody this chemistry, the composition of sorted cell populations that express high levels of ALDH, and the therapeutic use of these cell populations. We are committed to protecting our intellectual property position and to aggressively pursuing our patent portfolio. For most of our product candidates, we rely on multiple patents in combination. The following provides a summary of our key U.S. patents and pending U.S. and international patent applications. U.S. Patent Subject Matter Related Product Candidates Expiration US5,876,956 Methods for Identification or Purification of Cells Containing an Enzymatic Intracellular Marker — 2016 US6,537,807 Hematopoietic Stem Cells — 2018 US6,627,759 Method of Isolating Stem Cells ALD-101, 151, 201, 301 2019 US6,991,897 Method of Isolating Stem Cells ALD-101, 151, 201, 301 2020 Pending U.S. Applications — Method of Isolating Stem Cells ALD-101, 151, 201, 301 — — Stem Cell Populations and Methods of Use ALD-101, 151, 201, 301 — Pending International Applications — Methods For Improved Engraftment Following Stem Cell Transplantation ALD-101, ALD-151 — — Methods For Using ALDH br Cells to Supplement Stem Cell Transplantation ALD-101, ALD-151 — Patent life determination depends on the date of filing of the application or the date of patent issuance and other factors as promulgated under patent law. The United States Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, known as the Hatch-Waxman Act, permits a patent extension of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during the FDA regulatory development and review process. For stem cell therapies, the patent term restoration period is generally one-half of the time between the effective date of an investigational new drug, or IND, application and the submission date of a biologics license application, or BLA, plus the time between the submission date of a BLA and the approval of the product. Only one patent applicable to the earliest approved product containing a particular active ingredient is eligible for the extension. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves applications for patent term extension. We expect to apply for patent term extensions for eligible patents and products to add patent life beyond the expiration date, depending on the expected length of clinical trials and other factors involved in the filing of a BLA. Through our experience with product development with stem cells sorted by ALDH activity, we have developed expertise and know-how in this field. To protect this non-patentable know-how, our policies require confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, contractors, manufacturers, outside collaborators, sponsored researchers, and advisors. These agreements generally provide for protection of confidential information, restrictions on the use of materials and assignment of inventions conceived during the course of performance for us. These agreements might not effectively prevent disclosure of our confidential information. 74 Table of Contents License Agreements with Duke University and Johns Hopkins University We were founded on the basis of technology obtained from Duke University, or Duke, and Johns Hopkins University, or JHU. In 2000, we entered into separate technology transfer and license agreements with Duke and JHU. Pursuant to these license agreements, we obtained exclusive worldwide licenses to specified patents owned by Duke and JHU, with the right to grant sublicenses. These licenses are subject to specified rights of the United States government, based on governmental agencies’ partial funding of the research underlying the licensed patents. The licenses are also subject to Duke’s and JHU’s retained rights under the granted patents for non-commercial research, testing and educational purposes. We are responsible for all patent prosecution costs under both license agreements and, along with Duke and JHU, we have the right to enforce the licensed patents. Pursuant to the license agreement with Duke, we are obligated to pay royalties to Duke based on sales of products covered by, and revenue received from sublicenses of, the granted patents licensed under such agreement, with minimum royalties owed to Duke under specified circumstances. In connection with entering into the Duke license agreement, we also issued shares of our common stock to Duke. Additionally, we have agreed to limit all royalties on products covered by the Duke license agreement to a maximum royalty rate. If the total royalties owed on such products would otherwise be greater than the maximum percentage, all royalties would be reduced on a pro rata basis. The patent license is terminable by Duke if there is an uncured material breach of the agreement by us, or for our fraud, willful misconduct or illegal conduct. Otherwise, the term of the exclusive license from Duke will extend until 2020, the expiration of the last underlying patent that is the subject of the license, at which point it will become non-exclusive. Pursuant to the license agreement with JHU, we are obligated to pay royalties to JHU based on sales of products covered by, and revenue received from sublicenses of, the granted patents licensed under such agreement, with minimum royalties owed to JHU under specified circumstances. The patent license is terminable by JHU if there is an uncured material breach of the agreement by us or if we become the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding. Otherwise, the term of the exclusive license from JHU will extend until 2016, the expiration of the patent that is the subject of the license. Competition Our industry is subject to rapid and intense technological change. We face, and will continue to face, intense competition from pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, as well as numerous academic and research institutions and governmental agencies engaged in drug discovery activities or funding, both in the United States and abroad. Some of these competitors are pursuing the development of drugs and other therapies that target the same diseases and conditions that we are targeting with our product candidates. Many of the companies competing against us have financial and other resources substantially greater than ours. In addition, many of our competitors have significantly greater experience in testing pharmaceutical and other therapeutic products, obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals of products, and marketing and selling those products. Accordingly, our competitors may succeed more rapidly than us in obtaining FDA approval for products and achieving widespread market acceptance. If we obtain necessary regulatory approval and commence significant commercial sales of our products, we will also be competing with respect to manufacturing efficiency and marketing capabilities, areas in which we have limited or no commercial-scale experience. The primary competitors and potential competitors for our product candidates include: • ALD-101. There are no therapies currently approved by the FDA, and we are not aware of any other therapy being pursued, for use following a cord blood transplant in an effort to accelerate engraftment in pediatric patients with inherited metabolic diseases. Cord blood transplants, if successful, can cure these diseases. Other therapies are being developed, however, to treat the underlying diseases, which could be a competitive threat to the extent that cord blood transplants become less necessary for our target indications. 75 Table of Contents Some inherited metabolic diseases, including Hurler syndrome, are currently treated with approved enzyme replacement therapies marketed by companies such as Genzyme and Biomarin. Other companies, such as Shire Pharmaceuticals, market enzyme replacement therapies for other indications. Unlike a cord blood transplant, enzyme replacement therapies do not cure inherited metabolic diseases, and patients require ongoing infusions over the course of their lives. Enzyme replacement therapy is also very expensive and is not available for many inherited metabolic diseases. Alternatively, a few inherited metabolic diseases can be treated with a transplant of primary cell lines that manufacture the deficient enzyme. Such therapies, which are approved in Europe, are now being sold and developed by Shire Pharmaceuticals. As with enzyme replacement therapy, these cell-based therapies do not cure the underlying diseases. • ALD-151. There are no therapies currently approved by the FDA for use following a cord blood transplant in an effort to accelerate engraftment in patients with leukemia. We are aware of one potential competing product in clinical development, Gamida Cell’s StemEx ® , which is currently being tested in a Phase 3 clinical trial under an approved special protocol assessment with the FDA. Like our UCBT-002 trial of ALD-101, this trial utilizes a historical control. As with ALD-151, StemEx is a supplement to a stem cell transplant, but unlike ALD-151, which requires no culturing, StemEx is produced by growing a portion of the cord blood used for the transplant in tissue culture under conditions believed to allow for an increase in the number of blood stem cells. These expanded StemEx cell populations are then infused into a patient after the remainder of the unmanipulated cord blood is administered. • ALD-301. We are developing ALD-301 for the treatment of critical limb ischemia patients with no further revascularization options and who face amputation of the affected limb. ALD-301 would compete with pharmaceutical therapies and cell-based therapies being developed to treat critical limb ischemia, although there are no FDA-approved therapies for the treatment of this condition. To the extent that therapies are developed that reverse the progression of the ischemic damage, it could have the effect of reducing demand for ALD-301. Potential pharmaceutical therapies being developed for critical limb ischemia include several strategies to use the tissue repair activities of cytokines, which are regulatory proteins released by the immune system, to increase blood flow to the damaged limb tissue. In some strategies, purified recombinant cytokines, such as hepatocyte growth factor, are being administered locally to the damaged limb. Gene constructs for cytokines are also being administered on the theory that cells taking up the gene will manufacture cytokines locally. Cell-based therapies, such as other bone marrow-derived stem cell therapies, are being pursued by companies such as Aastrom Biosciences. In addition, some companies, such as Harvest Technologies, are developing devices to facilitate the production of therapeutic cell populations by clinicians for the treatment of critical limb ischemia. • ALD-201. We are developing ALD-201 for the treatment of ischemic heart failure patients with no further revascularization options. Accordingly, we do not believe that ALD-201 would compete directly with other therapies that have been exhausted by the patient. However, to the extent that therapies are developed that reverse the progression of the ischemic damage or restore blood flow, it could have the effect of reducing demand for ALD-201. New pharmaceutical agents or devices that improve the repair of cardiac injury after a heart attack, with the result that fewer patients develop ischemic heart failure, would also represent a competitive threat. Cell-based therapies such as skeletal myoblasts and adipose-derived stem cells are being pursued for the treatment of ischemic heart failure by companies such as Bioheart. In addition, some companies, such as Cytori Therapeutics and Baxter International, are developing devices to facilitate the production of therapeutic cell populations by clinicians for the treatment of ischemic heart failure. We may face competition in the future from other companies that are researching and developing stem cell therapies. In addition to the companies mentioned above, we are aware of other companies working in this area, including Angioblast Systems, Inc. and Athersys, Inc. We expect to compete based upon, among other things, the efficacy of our product candidates and our intellectual property portfolio. Our ability to compete successfully will 76 Table of Contents depend on our continued ability to attract and retain skilled and experienced scientific, clinical development and executive personnel, to identify and develop viable biologic candidates and to exploit these product candidates commercially before others are able to develop competitive products. Government Regulation Government authorities in the United States, at the federal, state and local level, and in other countries, extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, including any manufacturing changes, packaging, storage, recordkeeping, labeling, advertising promotion, distribution, marketing, import and export of biological products such as those we are developing. The process of obtaining required regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and money, and there is no guarantee that we will successfully complete the steps needed to obtain regulatory approval of any of our product candidates. U.S. Government Regulation In the United States, our product candidates are regulated by the FDA as biological products. Biological products are subject to regulation under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, the Public Health Service Act, and related regulations, and other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. regulatory requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval, may subject an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could include the imposition by the FDA or an Institutional Review Board, or IRB, of a clinical hold on trials, the FDA’s refusal to approve pending applications or supplements, withdrawal of an approval, warning letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, civil penalties or criminal prosecution. Any agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on us. The process required by the FDA before a biological product may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: • completion of preclinical laboratory and animal tests conducted in compliance with the FDA’s good laboratory practice, or GLP, requirements to assess a drug’s biological activity and to identify potential safety problems, and to characterize and document the product’s chemistry, manufacturing controls, formulation, and stability; • submission to the FDA of an investigational new drug, or IND, application, which must become effective before clinical testing in humans can begin; • obtaining approval of IRBs of research institutions or other clinical sites to introduce the biologic product candidate into humans in clinical trials; • completion of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety, purity and potency of the product for its intended indication conducted in compliance with the FDA’s good clinical practice, or GCP, requirements; • compliance with applicable cGMP regulations and standards and, for cell-based products, cGTP regulations; • submission to the FDA of a biologics license application, or BLA, for marketing approval that includes, among other things, results of preclinical testing and clinical trials; • FDA review of the BLA in order to determine, among other things, whether the product is safe and effective for its intended uses; and • satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of the facility or facilities at which the product is manufactured, processed, packaged or held to assess compliance with cGMP and cGTP requirements, prior to any commercial sale or shipment of the biological product. 77 Table of Contents Preclinical Studies and IND Submission Preclinical studies include laboratory evaluation of the product candidate, its chemistry, formulation and stability, as well as animal studies to assess its potential safety and efficacy. An IND sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical studies, together with manufacturing information, analytical data and any available clinical data or literature to the FDA as part of an IND. The IND will also include the protocols for the initial clinical trials and an investigator’s brochure, and the IND must become effective before human clinical trials may begin. An IND will automatically become effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless before that time the FDA raises concerns or questions related to the proposed clinical trials as outlined in the IND. In such a case, the IND may be placed on clinical hold and the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns or questions before clinical trials can begin. Accordingly, submission of an IND may or may not result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to commence. Clinical Trials Clinical trials involve the administration of the product candidate to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with GCP requirements, which include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent in writing prior to their participation in any clinical trial. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the study, and the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. A protocol for each clinical trial and any subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. In addition, an IRB at each institution participating in the clinical trial must review and approve the study protocol and informed consent for any clinical trial before it commences at that institution. Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and more frequently if serious adverse events occur. Human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases, which may overlap or be combined, such as in the case of our Phase 1/2 clinical trial of ALD-301: • In Phase 1 trials, the product candidate is initially introduced into healthy human subjects or patients with the target disease or condition and tested for safety, dosage tolerance and pharmacokinetics, such as absorption, metabolism, distribution and excretion. • In Phase 2 trials, the product candidate is administered to a limited patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product candidate for specific targeted diseases and to determine dosage tolerance and optimal dosage and schedule. • In Phase 3 trials, the product candidate is administered to an expanded patient population generally at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites to further evaluate dosage, clinical efficacy and safety and to establish the overall risk-benefit ratio of the product candidate and an adequate basis for product labeling. • The FDA may require Phase 4 trials or other post-marketing trials if it finds that additional drug information must be collected following market entry or it may condition approval of a product on the sponsor’s agreement to conduct additional clinical trials to further assess the drug’s safety and effectiveness after approval. Phase 1, Phase 2, Phase 1/2 and Phase 3 clinical trials may not be completed successfully within any specified time period, or at all. Further, the FDA, an IRB or the product candidate’s sponsor may prevent clinical trials from beginning or suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. 78 Table of Contents Marketing Approval Assuming successful completion of the required clinical trials, the results of product development, preclinical studies and clinical studies, descriptions of the manufacturing process and other relevant information concerning the safety, purity and potency of the biological product candidate are submitted to the FDA in the form of a BLA. In most cases, the BLA must be accompanied by a substantial user fee. Currently, the fee for submission of most BLAs is approximately $1.2 million and manufacturers of approved biologics are subject to annual fees of $65,000 per approved product and $393,000 per manufacturing facility. The FDA reviews a BLA to determine, among other things, whether the product is safe, pure and potent and the facility in which it is manufactured, processed, packaged or held meets standards designed to assure the product’s continued safety, purity and potency. Under the Prescription Drug Fee Act, the FDA has committed to reviewing most standard BLAs in 10 months, although the FDA’s review process can sometimes be longer. The FDA may request that an Advisory Committee review the BLA and make a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The Advisory Committee is a panel of experts who provide advice and recommendations when requested by the FDA on matters of importance that come before the agency. Committee recommendations are not binding on the FDA, but the agency considers them carefully when making decisions. BLAs for a new active ingredient, indication, dosage form, dosage regimen or route of administration must contain data that are adequate to assess the safety and effectiveness of the product for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations, and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. The FDA may also require sponsors of currently marketed biologics to conduct pediatric studies if the product serves a substantial number of pediatric patients and adequate pediatric labeling could benefit such patients, the product would provide a meaningful therapeutic benefit for pediatric patients or the absence of pediatric labeling could pose a risk to pediatric patients. The FDA may, on its own initiative or at the request of the applicant, defer submission of some or all pediatric data until after approval of the product for use in adults, or grant a full or partial waiver from the pediatric data requirements. Before approving an application, the FDA will inspect the facility or facilities where the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve an application unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. The testing and approval process requires substantial time, effort and financial resources and may take many years to complete. The FDA may not grant approval on a timely basis, or at all. We may encounter difficulties or unanticipated costs in our efforts to develop our products and secure the necessary approvals, which could delay or prevent us from marketing our products. The FDA may deny an application if all applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied or may require additional clinical data. Even if additional clinical data are submitted, the FDA may ultimately decide that the application does not satisfy the criteria for approval. Data obtained from clinical trials are not always conclusive and the FDA may interpret the data differently than we interpret the data. Even if the FDA approves a product, it may limit the approved therapeutic uses for the product, require that contraindications, warnings or precautions be included in the product labeling, require that additional studies be conducted following approval, or require surveillance programs to monitor the product after commercialization. The FDA may prevent or limit further marketing of a product based on the results of post-market studies or surveillance programs. After approval, some types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications, manufacturing changes, and additional labeling claims, are subject to further FDA review and approval. 79 Table of Contents Orphan Drugs Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan drug designation to drugs and biological products intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States. Orphan drug designation for a biological product must be requested before submitting a BLA. We applied for orphan drug designation for ALD-101 in April 2008. Our application is currently under review. If the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the generic identity of the drug and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in or shorten the duration of the regulatory review and approval process. However, the first applicant with FDA orphan drug designation for a particular active ingredient to receive FDA approval for the disease for which it has such designation is entitled to a seven-year exclusive marketing period in the United States for the product for that indication. During the seven-year period, the FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same drug or biological product for the same disease, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan drug exclusivity. Orphan drug exclusivity does not prevent the FDA from approving a different drug or biological product for the same disease or condition, or the same drug or biological product for a different disease or condition. Among the other benefits of orphan drug designation are tax credits for specified research and a waiver of the marketing application user fee. Accelerated Approval Under the FDA’s accelerated approval regulations, the FDA may approve a biologic product for a serious or life-threatening illness that provides meaningful therapeutic benefit to patients over existing treatments, based upon a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit. In clinical trials, a surrogate endpoint is a measurement of laboratory or clinical signs of a disease or condition that substitutes for a direct measurement of how a patient feels, functions or survives. Time to engraftment is a surrogate endpoint. Surrogate endpoints can often be measured more easily or more rapidly than clinical endpoints. A product candidate approved on this basis is subject to rigorous post-marketing compliance requirements, including the completion of Phase 4 or post-approval clinical trials to confirm the effect on the clinical endpoint. Failure to conduct required post-approval studies, or confirm a clinical benefit during post-marketing studies, will allow the FDA to withdraw the biological product from the market on an expedited basis. All promotional materials for biologics approved under accelerated regulations are subject to prior review by the FDA. Combination Products The FDA has the authority to approve and regulate combination products. A combination product may include a product that includes two or more regulated components such as a biologic product and a device that are combined or produced as a single entity; two or more separate products packaged together in a single package or as a unit; or a product packaged separately that is intended to be used only with an approved drug, device or biological product to achieve the intended effect. In some cases, a combination product might fall under the jurisdiction of more than one agency center within the FDA, for example the center charged with regulating biological products or the center that regulates devices. In these cases, to determine which agency center will be assigned primary responsibility for regulating a particular combination product, the FDA looks to the product’s primary mode of action. To determine the primary mode of action, the FDA assesses the principal means by which a product achieves its most important intended therapeutic effect or action. If the product has a biological primary mode of action, it will likely be regulated by the FDA center focused on regulating biological products. The center with primary jurisdiction may also consult other FDA centers to assist with reviewing a marketing application, as appropriate. In most instances, only a single marketing application is filed with the center at the FDA that is assigned with primary jurisdiction over the application. We believe that ALD-201 may be regulated as a combination product because it requires administration through a specialized medical device, such as the MyoStar system. 80 Table of Contents Post-approval Requirements Any products manufactured or distributed pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including requirements relating to recordkeeping, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, advertising and promotion, and reporting of adverse experiences with the product. In addition, manufacturers of biopharmaceutical products must continue to comply with cGMP requirements after approval, which are extensive and require considerable time, resources and ongoing investment to ensure compliance. The requirements apply to all stages of the manufacturing process, including the synthesis, processing, packaging, labeling, storage and shipment of the product. Manufacturers must establish validated systems to ensure that products consistently meet high standards of sterility, safety, purity, potency and identity. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated and generally require prior FDA approval before being implemented. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP and impose reporting and documentation requirements upon us and any third-party manufacturers that we may decide to use. Manufacturing establishments are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and state agencies for compliance with cGMP. Future FDA and state inspections may identify compliance issues at our manufacturing facilities or the facilities of our contract manufacturers that may disrupt production or distribution, or require substantial resources to correct. The FDA may withdraw or revoke a product’s approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Further, the failure to maintain compliance with regulatory requirements may result in administrative or judicial action, such as fines, warning letters, holds on clinical trials, product recalls or seizures, product detention or refusal to permit the import or export of products, refusal to approve pending applications or supplements, restrictions on marketing or manufacturing, injunctions, civil penalties or criminal prosecution. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability. Also, new governmental requirements may be established, including those resulting from new legislation, or the FDA’s policies may change, which could significantly affect our business, including preventing or delaying regulatory approval of our product candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of any adverse governmental legislation, regulation or other administrative action, or what the impact of such changes, if any, may be. New Legislation The FDAAA was enacted in September 2007. This law grants significant expanded authority to the FDA, much of which is aimed at improving the safety of drug products before and after approval. In particular, the FDAAA authorizes the FDA to, among other things, require post-approval studies and clinical trials, mandate changes to labeling to reflect new safety information, and require risk evaluation and remedy and mitigation strategies for some drugs and biological products, including some currently approved drugs and biological products. In addition, it significantly expands the federal government’s clinical trial registry and results databank and creates new restrictions on the advertising and promotion of drug products. Under the FDAAA, companies that violate these and other provisions of the new law are subject to substantial civil monetary penalties, among other regulatory, civil and criminal penalties. While we expect the FDAAA to have a substantial effect on the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, the extent of that effect is not yet known. As the FDA issues regulations, guidance and interpretations relating to the new legislation, the impact on the industry, as well as our business, will become clearer. The new requirements and other changes that the FDAAA imposes may make it more difficult, and likely more costly, to obtain approval of new pharmaceutical products and to produce, market and distribute existing products. 81 Table of Contents Privacy Laws Federal and state laws govern our ability to obtain and, in some cases, to use and disclose data we need to conduct research activities. Through the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, Congress required the Department of Health and Human Services to issue a series of regulations establishing standards for the electronic transmission of certain health information. Among these regulations were standards for the privacy of individually identifiable health information. HIPAA does not preempt, or override, state privacy laws that provide even more protection for individuals’ health information. These laws’ requirements could further complicate our ability to obtain necessary research data from our collaborators. In addition, certain state privacy and genetic testing laws may directly regulate our research activities, affecting the manner in which we use and disclose individuals’ health information, potentially increasing our cost of doing business, and exposing us to liability claims. In addition, patients and research collaborators may have contractual rights that further limit our ability to use and disclose individually identifiable health information. Claims that we have violated individuals’ privacy rights or breached our contractual obligations, even if we are not found liable, could be expensive and time-consuming to defend and could result in adverse publicity that could harm our business. Other Regulations In addition to privacy law requirements and regulations enforced by the FDA, we also are subject to various local, state and federal laws and regulations relating to safe working conditions, laboratory and manufacturing practices, the experimental use of animals and the use and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances, including chemicals, micro-organisms and various radioactive compounds used in connection with our research and development activities. These laws include, but are not limited to, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Toxic Test Substances Control Act and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. Although we believe that our safety procedures for handling and disposing of these materials comply with the standards prescribed by state and federal regulations, we cannot assure you that accidental contamination or injury to employees and third parties from these materials will not occur. We may not have adequate insurance to cover claims arising from our use and disposal of these hazardous substances. Foreign Regulation In addition to regulations in the United States, we may be subject to a variety of foreign regulations governing clinical trials and commercial sales and distribution of biological products. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a product, we must obtain the requisite approvals from regulatory authorities in foreign countries prior to the commencement of clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries. The requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials and the approval process vary from country to country and the time may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval. In the European Union, marketing authorizations may be submitted under a centralized or decentralized procedure. The centralized procedure is mandatory for the approval of biotechnology products and many pharmaceutical products, and provides for the grant of a single marketing authorization that is valid in all European Union member states. The decentralized procedure provides for mutual recognition of national approval decisions and is available at the request of the applicant for medicinal products that are not subject to the centralized procedure. In addition to regulations in Europe and the United States, we will be subject to a variety of other foreign regulations governing, among other things, the conduct of clinical trials, pricing and reimbursement and commercial distribution of our products. If we fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. To date, we have not initiated any discussions with the European Medicines Agency or any other foreign regulatory authorities with respect to seeking regulatory approval for any of our product candidates in Europe or in any other country outside the United States. 82 Table of Contents Employees As of March 31, 2008, we employed 18 individuals, 17 of whom were full-time employees. Of our employees, 12 were engaged in research and development activities and five were engaged in selling, general and administrative activities. None of our employees is represented by a labor union or covered under a collective bargaining agreement, nor have we experienced any work stoppages. We consider our employee relations to be good. Facilities Our corporate headquarters, which includes our manufacturing facility, are located in Durham, North Carolina, where we lease approximately 11,000 square feet of space. The lease on this facility expires in April 2013. Legal Proceedings We are not currently a party to or engaged in any material legal proceedings. However, we may be subject to various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business from time to time. 83 Table of Contents MANAGEMENT Directors and Executive Officers The following table sets forth information concerning our directors and executive officers, including their ages as of April 30, 2008: Name Age Position W. Thomas Amick 65 Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer Edward L. Field 43 President and Chief Operating Officer David Carberry 55 Chief Financial Officer Andrew E. Balber, Ph.D. 63 Chief Scientific Officer Laurence Keller, M.D. 44 Chief Medical Officer Joel R. Kimbrough 50 Director Martin J. Murphy, Ph.D. 65 Director B. Jefferson Clark 51 Director Garheng Kong, M.D., Ph.D. 32 Director Executive Officers W. Thomas Amick Mr. Amick has served as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our Board of Directors since March 2005. Mr. Amick was retired from March 2004 until he began serving as a consultant to Aldagen in March 2005, before becoming an employee in March 2006. Mr. Amick served in a series of positions with Johnson & Johnson and its subsidiaries and divisions from 1974 until his retirement in February 2004, including Vice President, Business Development of the Johnson & Johnson Development Corporation from January 2003 to February 2004, President of Ortho Biotech Europe from June 2000 to December 2002, President of Janssen-Ortho, Inc. from March 1999 to June 2000 and Vice President of the Oncology Franchise for Ortho Biotech Products, L.P. from 1997 to March 1999. Mr. Amick has served as a director of Discovery Laboratories, Inc., a publicly traded life sciences company, since September 2004 and as the chairman of its board of directors since March 2007. Mr. Amick received a B.S. degree in business administration from Elon College. Edward L. Field Mr. Field has served as our President and Chief Operating Officer since November 2004. Prior to joining Aldagen, Mr. Field was the President and Chief Executive Officer of Inologic, Inc., a private biopharmaceutical company, from February 2002 to September 2004. Prior to joining Inologic, from 1999 to 2002, Mr. Field was the President of Molecumetics, Ltd., a drug discovery and development subsidiary of Tredegar Corporation, until its merger with Therics, LLC, a regenerative medicine company. Mr. Field received a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Virginia’s Darden School of Business Administration and a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics from Duke University. David Carberry Mr. Carberry has served as our Chief Financial Officer since March 2008. Prior to joining Aldagen, Mr. Carberry served with Johnson & Johnson and its subsidiaries and divisions in a variety of financial positions from 1981 to February 2008. Most recently, Mr. Carberry served as Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Johnson & Johnson*Merck Consumer Pharmaceuticals Co. from March 2005 to September 2006 and as Vice President, Finance of Johnson & Johnson Health Care Systems Inc. from January 2005 to February 2005. Concurrently, Mr. Carberry acted as Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Independence Technology, Inc., a division of Johnson & Johnson, from September 2004 to September 2007. Mr. Carberry received a Master of Business Administration degree from Drexel University and a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting from LaSalle College. Mr. Carberry is a Certified Management Accountant. 84 Table of Contents Andrew E. Balber, Ph.D. Dr. Balber was a co-founder of Aldagen and has served as our Chief Scientific Officer since 2000. Dr. Balber began his work with cell therapies in 1983 when, as a Duke University faculty member in immunology and Director of the Comprehensive Cancer Center Flow Cytometry Facility, he helped organize and manage a university-based, industry sponsored research consortium in immunology. Dr. Balber received a Bachelor of Science degree in biology from Haverford College and his Ph.D. degree from Rockefeller University and completed postdoctoral training in immunology and microbiology at Yale University. Laurence Keller, M.D. Dr. Keller has served as our Chief Medical Officer since December 2007. Prior to joining Aldagen, from November 2005 to August 2007, Dr. Keller was the Senior Medical Director at Kos Pharmaceuticals, a pharmaceutical company, which was acquired by Abbott Laboratories in December 2006. Dr. Keller was previously employed by Pfizer/Parke Davis, a pharmaceutical company, where he served as Director of Clinical Research and Development from 1999 to September 2003 and as Senior Director from September 2003 to November 2005. Dr. Keller received a Bachelor of Science degree from The George Washington University and a Master of Science degree in physiology from Georgetown University. He received his M.D. degree from The George Washington University. Dr. Keller completed his internship and residency in pediatrics at The New York Hospital—Cornell Medical Center. He did his fellowship training in pediatric cardiology at St. Christopher’s Hospital for Children and the Children’s Hospital of Michigan. Dr. Keller also completed a postdoctoral research fellowship at the Children’s Hospital of Michigan, where he studied pulmonary vascular development and angiogenesis. Dr. Keller is a board-certified pediatric cardiologist and a Fellow of the American College of Cardiology and member of the American Heart Association. Non-management Directors Joel R. Kimbrough Mr. Kimbrough has served as a member of our board of directors since November 2007. Currently retired, Mr. Kimbrough served as the Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Accredo Health Group, Inc., a specialty pharmaceutical provider, and its predecessor companies from 1989 until its acquisition by Medco Health Solutions in August 2005. He then served as Senior Vice President of the specialty segment of Medco from August 2005 to March 2007. Mr. Kimbrough was an auditor with Ernst & Young, LLP from 1980 to 1989. In addition to his directorship with us, Mr. Kimbrough is a member of the boards of directors of Bostwick Laboratories, Inc., a specialized anatomic pathology laboratory focused on the diagnosis of cancer, and Trust One Bank, a division of Synovus Financial Corp. Mr. Kimbrough received a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting from the University of North Alabama and is a certified public accountant. Martin J. Murphy Dr. Murphy has served as a member of our board of directors since May 2007. Since 1995, he has served as Founding Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of AlphaMed Consulting, Inc., a corporation that provides strategic support for academic cancer centers and cancer drug development programs for global pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. In 1978, he founded the Hipple Cancer Research Center, now the Cancer Prevention Institute, where he served as President and Chief Executive Officer from 1985 to 1990 and was also a professor of medicine and principal investigator. Dr. Murphy is a member of the board of trustees of the American Cancer Society Foundation, a director of the Foundation for the National Institutes of Health and a charter member of C-Change, formerly the National Dialogue on Cancer. At the request of former President George H.W. Bush, Dr. Murphy has been convener of the non-profit CEO Roundtable on Cancer since its inception in 2001. He is also the executive editor of two international peer-reviewed scientific journals. Dr. Murphy received a Ph.D. degree in experimental hematology from New York University. 85 Table of Contents B. Jefferson Clark Mr. Clark has served as a member of our board of directors since 2000. He co-founded The Aurora Funds, a venture capital firm, in 1994 and serves as its Managing General Partner. Mr. Clark currently serves on the boards of directors of several of Aurora’s private life science portfolio companies. He received a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Duke University and a Master of Business Administration degree from the Fuqua School of Business at Duke University. Garheng Kong Dr. Kong has served as a member of our board of directors since August 2004. He is a General Partner at Intersouth Partners, a venture capital firm, and has been associated with Intersouth since 2000. Dr. Kong received his M.D., Ph.D. in biomedical engineering and Master of Business Administration degrees from Duke University. He also holds Bachelor of Science degrees in chemical engineering and biological sciences from Stanford University. Dr. Kong served on the Duke University Medical Center Institutional Review Board from August 1999 to August 2000. Dr. Kong is also on the faculty at the Fuqua School of Business at Duke University as a Senior Scholar. Board Composition Our board of directors currently consists of five members. Our board of directors has determined that all of our directors, other than Mr. Amick, are independent within the meaning of applicable NASDAQ listing standards. Effective upon the completion of this offering, we will divide our board of directors into three classes, as follows: • Class I, which will consist of and , and whose term will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders to be held after the completion of this offering; • Class II, which will consist of and , and whose term will expire at our second annual meeting of stockholders to be held after the completion of this offering; and • Class III, which will consist of , and whose term will expire at our third annual meeting of stockholders to be held after the completion of this offering. At each annual meeting of stockholders to be held after the initial classification, the successors to directors whose terms then expire will serve until the third annual meeting following their election and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. The authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors. Any additional directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors will be distributed among the three classes so that, as nearly as possible, each class will consist of one-third of the directors. This classification of the board of directors may have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in our control or management. Under our certificate of incorporation to be in effect upon the closing of this offering, our directors may be removed only for cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of 66 2 / 3 % of our voting stock. 86 Table of Contents Board Committees Upon the completion of this offering, our board of directors will have an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. The composition and primary responsibilities of each committee are described below. Audit Committee Upon the completion of this offering, the members of our audit committee will be , and . will serve as chairman of the audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that each member of the audit committee meets the independence requirements of Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act and NASDAQ listing standards. Our board of directors has also determined that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of SEC regulations. The primary purpose of the audit committee is to discharge the responsibilities of our board of directors with respect to our accounting, financial and other reporting and internal control practices and to oversee our independent registered public accounting firm. Specific responsibilities of our audit committee include: • evaluating the performance of our independent registered public accounting firm and determining whether to retain or terminate their services; • determining and pre-approving the engagement of our independent registered public accounting firm to perform audit services and any permissible non-audit services, other than immaterial aggregate amounts of non-audit services as excepted under applicable laws and rules; • reviewing and discussing with management and our independent registered public accounting firm the results of the annual audit and the independent registered public accounting firm’s review of our annual and quarterly financial statements and reports; • reviewing with management and our independent registered public accounting firm, significant issues that arise regarding accounting principles and financial statement presentation; • conferring with management and our independent registered public accounting firm, regarding the scope, adequacy and effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting; and • establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of any complaints we receive regarding accounting, internal control or auditing matters. Compensation Committee Upon the completion of this offering, the members of our compensation committee will be , and . will serve as chairman of the compensation committee. Each member of the compensation committee is independent within the meaning of applicable NASDAQ listing standards, is a non-employee director as defined in Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act and is an outside director as that term is defined in Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, or the Code. The purpose of our compensation committee is to discharge the responsibilities of our board of directors to oversee our compensation policies, plans and programs and to review and determine the compensation to be paid to our executive officers and other senior management. Specific responsibilities of our compensation committee include: • determining the compensation and other terms of employment of our executive officers and reviewing and approving corporate performance goals and objectives relevant to such compensation; • evaluating and recommending to our board of directors the compensation plans and programs advisable for us, and evaluating and recommending the modification or termination of existing plans and programs; and • reviewing and approving the terms of any employment agreements, severance arrangements, change-of-control protections and any other compensatory arrangements for our executive officers. 87 Table of Contents Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Upon the completion of this offering, the members of our nominating and corporate governance committee will be , and . will serve as chairman of the nominating and corporate governance committee. Each member of the nominating and corporate governance committee is independent within the meaning of applicable NASDAQ listing standards. The specific responsibilities of our nominating and corporate governance committee include: • identifying, reviewing, evaluating and recommending for selection candidates for membership to our board of directors; • reviewing, evaluating and considering the recommendation for nomination of incumbent members of our board of directors for reelection to our board of directors and monitoring the size of our board of directors; • evaluating nominations by stockholders of candidates for election to our board of directors; • reviewing, discussing and reporting to our board of directors an assessment of our board’s performance; and • determining adherence to our corporate governance documents. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation Mr. Amick, our chief executive officer, is currently a member of our compensation committee. We expect that Mr. Amick will resign as a member of this committee prior to the completion of this offering. Other than Mr. Amick, none of the members of the compensation committee is currently or has been at any time one of our officers or employees. None of our officers currently serve, nor have they served during the last completed fiscal year, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving as a member of our board of directors or compensation committee. Non-Employee Director Compensation The following table shows, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007, information with respect to the compensation of all of our non-employee directors. Prior to January 1, 2008, non-employee directors did not receive any other cash compensation for attendance at board and committee meetings. Beginning in 2008, we pay Mr. Kimbrough, in his capacity as a director and chairman of our audit committee, a quarterly cash retainer of $1,000 and a fee of $3,000 per meeting attended, and we pay Dr. Murphy, in his capacity as a director, a quarterly cash retainer of $1,000 and a fee of $2,000 per meeting attended. Directors are also eligible for reimbursement for their reasonable expenses incurred in connection with attendance at board and committee meetings. Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash Option Awards (1) All Other Compensation Total Joel R. Kimbrough(2) — — — — Martin J. Murphy(3) — $ 4,000 — $ 4,000 William W. Brooke(4) — — — — B. Jefferson Clark — — — — Garheng Kong — — — — (1) The assumptions we used in valuing options are described under the caption “Share-Based Compensation” in note 2 to our financial statements included in this prospectus. This column reflects the amount we recorded under SFAS No. 123R as stock-based compensation in our financial statements for 2007 in connection with options we granted in 2007, adjusted to disregard the effects of any estimate of forfeitures related to service-based vesting. Instead, it assumes that the director will perform the requisite service for the award to vest. 88 Table of Contents (2) In November 2007, our board of directors approved the grant of a stock option to Mr. Kimbrough to purchase 300,000 shares of common stock. This stock option has a grant date of January 1, 2008 and an exercise price of $0.397, which was equal to the fair market value of our common stock as determined by a retrospective valuation as of December 31, 2007. (3) Upon joining our board of directors in May 2007, Dr. Murphy was granted a stock option to purchase 100,000 shares of our common stock at $0.20 per share. This option had a grant date fair value of $16,000 as determined in accordance with SFAS No. 123R, adjusted to disregard the effect of any estimate of forfeitures related to service-based vesting. The shares subject to this option vested as to 25% of the shares on the date of grant, and the remainder vest in three equal annual installments. In November 2007, our board of directors approved the grant of an additional stock option to Dr. Murphy to purchase 150,000 shares of common stock. This stock option has a grant date of January 1, 2008 and an exercise price of $0.397, which was equal to the fair market value of our common stock as determined by a retrospective valuation as of December 31, 2007. (4) Mr. Brooke resigned as a member of our board of directors in May 2008. We expect that our board of directors will adopt a formal compensation program for non-employee directors. If adopted, this compensation program will be effective immediately upon the closing of this offering. 89 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The following discussion and analysis of compensation arrangements of our named executive officers for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2007 should be read together with the compensation tables and related disclosures set forth below. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on our current plans, considerations, expectations and determinations regarding future compensation programs. Actual compensation programs that we adopt may differ materially from currently planned programs as summarized in this discussion. Compensation Discussion and Analysis Our executive compensation program is designed to help us attract talented individuals to manage and operate all aspects of our business, to reward those individuals fairly over time and to retain those individuals who continue to meet our high expectations. The goals of our executive compensation program are to align our executive officers’ compensation with our business objectives and the interests of our stockholders, to incentivize and reward our executive officers for our success and to reflect the teamwork philosophy of our executive management team. To achieve these goals, we have established executive compensation and benefit packages that are generally based on a mix of base salary, cash incentive payments and equity awards, in the proportions that our board believes are the most appropriate to incentivize and reward our executive officers for achieving our objectives. Our executive compensation program is also intended to make us competitive in the biopharmaceutical industry, where there is significant competition for talented employees, and to be fair relative to other professionals within our organization. We believe that we must provide competitive compensation packages to attract and retain the most talented and dedicated executive officers possible and to help our executive management team function as a stable unit over the longer term. Role of Our President and Our Chief Executive Officer in Setting Executive Compensation We initially establish executive officers’ compensation arrangements when negotiating their employment when they join our company. We generally include these initial compensation terms in an offer letter or employment agreement with the executive. Additionally, we conduct an annual review of executive compensation, as well as the mix of elements used to compensate our executive officers. In connection with each annual review cycle, Edward Field, our President, and Thomas Amick, our Chief Executive Officer, each meet with those officers who report directly to them to discuss the individual’s performance over the prior year and to establish individual goals for the coming year. Based on these discussions, our President and our Chief Executive Officer then develop a set of compensation recommendations for submission to the compensation committee. In making these recommendations, our President and our Chief Executive Officer also seek input, as appropriate, from representatives of the venture capital funds who have invested in our company, including some of our outside directors, in order to ensure that their compensation recommendations are generally consistent with the compensation paid to executives of comparable companies. Role of Our Board and Compensation Committee in Setting Executive Compensation Our board of directors has established a compensation committee for the purpose of making recommendations to the full board regarding compensation decisions for our executive officers. The compensation committee currently consists of Mr. Amick and Dr. Kong, although we anticipate that Mr. Amick will resign as a member of the compensation committee prior to the closing of this offering. In carrying out its responsibilities, our compensation committee receives and evaluates the compensation recommendations made by our President and our Chief Executive Officer as described above. None of our executive officers participates in the discussions regarding his compensation. For Mr. Amick, his compensation is approved by the remaining member of the compensation committee, which is currently Dr. Kong. Based on the evaluation of management’s suggestions, the compensation committee then makes formal recommendations regarding executive compensation decisions to the full board of directors. In making these recommendations, the compensation 90 Table of Contents committee does not delegate any of its functions to others, and has historically not engaged a compensation consultant to advise it in making its compensation recommendations. Instead, the committee members have relied on their own experience and observations in the marketplace in assessing and making recommendations regarding executive compensation. Our board of directors evaluates the recommendations from the compensation committee and makes final decisions regarding executive compensation. Prior to the completion of this offering, Mr. Amick will resign from the compensation committee and our compensation committee will be reconstituted to consist solely of directors who are “outside directors” for purposes of Section 162(m) and “non-employee directors” for purposes of Rule 16b-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Elements of our Executive Compensation Program General. Our executive compensation program consists of three principal components: base salary, cash bonus payments and long-term incentive compensation in the form of equity awards. Each component of our executive compensation program is designed to address specific compensation objectives. Our executive officers are also eligible to participate, on the same basis as other employees, in our 401(k) plan and our other benefit programs generally available to all employees. Although we have not adopted any formal guidelines for allocating total compensation among these elements, we intend to implement and maintain compensation plans that tie a substantial portion of our executives’ overall compensation to the achievement of corporate performance objectives. Additionally, pursuant to the terms of offer letters and employment agreements, some of our executive officers are entitled to receive severance payments in the event that their employment is terminated without cause. We view each of the elements of our compensation program as related but distinct. Our decisions about each individual element generally do not affect the decisions we make about other elements. For example, we do not believe that significant compensation derived from one element of compensation, such as equity appreciation, should necessarily negate or reduce compensation from other elements, such as salary or bonus. Base Salary. Upon joining the company, each of our executive officers either entered into an employment agreement or received an offer letter that provided for an initial base salary. These initial salaries are the product of negotiation with the executive, but we generally seek to establish salaries that we believe are commensurate with the salaries being paid to executive officers serving in similar roles at comparable biopharmaceutical companies. Shortly before the end of each calendar year, we review company and individual performance to, among other things, determine whether adjustments in base salary are necessary or appropriate. In establishing the 2007 base salaries of our executive officers, our compensation committee and board of directors took into account a number of factors, including the executive’s seniority, position, functional role and level of responsibility and individual performance during 2006. We will continue to review base salaries of our executive officers on an annual basis and make adjustments to reflect individual performance-based factors, as well as our financial status. Historically, we have not applied, nor do we intend to apply, specific formulas to determine base salary increases. Cash Bonuses. In addition to base salaries, our executive officers are eligible to receive annual discretionary cash bonuses. The annual cash bonuses are intended to compensate our executive officers for their individual contributions to our achievement of corporate goals. Our annual cash bonus amounts are recommended by our compensation committee and approved by our board, and these bonuses are ordinarily paid in a single installment in the first quarter of each year for performance in the prior year. Each executive officer is eligible for a discretionary annual cash incentive payment up to an amount equal to a specified percentage of the executive officer’s salary. The board of directors sets these target percentages at levels that, upon achievement of the target percentage, are likely to result in cash bonus payments that the board believes to be approximately the level paid to high-performing executives of comparable companies in the biopharmaceutical industry. 91 Table of Contents At the end of each year, our President and our Chief Executive Officer develop bonus recommendations for each of our executive officers, based on the company’s achievement of corporate objectives and the individual’s performance during the year. These recommendations are subjective determinations which may vary, from time to time, depending on our overall strategic objectives and the job responsibilities of each executive officer, but relate generally to factors such as development and progression of our existing product candidates, achievement of clinical and regulatory milestones, and financial factors such as raising and maintaining capital. However, these recommendations may be more or less than the established target percentages for the executive officers, depending on individual and corporate performance, as well as our financial position. The compensation committee assesses the bonuses recommended by management and makes its bonus recommendations to the full board of directors. Based on its consideration of the recommendations of the compensation committee, the full board then makes a final decision regarding cash bonus payments, if any, for the year. Whether or not a cash bonus is paid for any year is solely within the discretion of the board of directors. For 2007, based upon recommendations of the compensation committee, the board of directors established the target amounts of cash bonuses at 25% of the base salary for each of our executive officers. The board of directors determined the actual amounts of the cash bonus payments in December 2007, following a review of the achievement of our overall corporate goals and milestones and each executive officer’s individual performance and contribution. These bonuses ranged from 15% to 24% of the executive officers’ base salaries. We have not determined whether we would attempt to recover cash bonus payments paid to our executive officers if the performance objectives that led to the determination of such payments were to be restated, or found not to have been met to the extent that we originally believed. Long-Term Equity Compensation. The salary and cash bonus payment components of our executive compensation program are intended to compensate our executive officers for short-term performance. We believe that long-term performance is best incentivized through an ownership culture that encourages performance by our executive officers through the use of stock options. Our equity benefit plans have been established to provide our employees, including our executive officers, with incentives to help align those employees’ interests with the interests of our stockholders. We believe that the use of stock options, which only provide value to the executive officer if the value of our common stock increases, offers the best approach to achieving our compensation goals and provides tax and other advantages to our executive officers relative to other forms of equity compensation. We believe that our equity benefit plans are an important retention tool for our employees. Initial option grants to our executive officers are generally set forth in an offer letter or employment agreement. These initial option grants are the product of negotiation with the executive, but we generally seek to establish equity ownership levels that we believe are commensurate with the equity stakes held by executive officers serving in similar roles at comparable biopharmaceutical companies. In addition, as part of our annual compensation review process, we provide subsequent option grants to those executive officers determined to be performing well. We have not formally adopted stock ownership guidelines, although Mr. Amick has historically been awarded options that allow him to maintain an ownership of our company equal to 5% of our capital stock on a fully diluted basis. With the exception of Dr. Balber, who as a founder of our company received shares of restricted stock at our inception, which shares have since vested in full, our equity benefit plans have provided the principal method for our executive officers to acquire equity in our company. Prior to this offering, we have granted stock options exclusively through our 2000 stock option plan, which was adopted by our board of directors and approved by our stockholders to permit the grant of stock options to our employees, officers, directors, consultants, advisors and independent contractors. In 2007, each of our named executive officers, who are designated below under “—Executive Compensation—Summary Compensation Table,” were awarded stock options under our 2000 stock option plan in the amounts indicated in the section below entitled “—Executive Compensation—Stock Option Grants in 2007.” In determining the size of the stock option grants to our executive officers, the compensation committee and board of directors took into account each executive officer’s existing 92 Table of Contents ownership stake in our company, as well as his position, scope of responsibility, ability to affect stockholder value, historic and recent performance, and the equity ownership levels of executive officers in similar roles of comparable companies in our industry. In addition to the stock option grants described below under “Stock Option Grants in 2007,” in November 2007 our board of directors approved additional option grants to each of our executive officers. We granted Mr. Amick an option to purchase 501,467 shares of our common stock, Mr. Field an option to purchase 200,000 shares of our common stock and Dr. Balber an option to purchase 75,000 shares of our common stock. Each of these option grants has a grant date of January 1, 2008 and an exercise price of $0.397 per share, which was equal to the fair market value of our common stock as determined by a retrospective valuation as of December 31, 2007. In addition, we granted Laurence Keller, our chief medical officer, a stock option to purchase 250,000 shares of common stock in connection with the commencement of his employment with our company in December 2007. This stock option was granted with an exercise price of $0.20 per share and was subsequently repriced to $0.397 per share in April 2008. In 2008, we granted a stock option to David Carberry, our chief financial officer, to purchase 400,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.626 per share in connection with the commencement of his employment with our company. This exercise price was equal to the fair value of our common stock as of the grant date, based on a contemporaneous valuation as of April 15, 2008 in connection with the closing of our Series C-1 convertible preferred stock financing. In connection with this offering, our board of directors has adopted a new equity benefit plan described under “—Employee Benefit Plans” below. The 2008 equity incentive plan will replace our existing 2000 stock option plan immediately following this offering and, as described below, will afford our compensation committee much greater flexibility in making a wide variety of equity awards, as it determines to be appropriate. Severance and Change of Control Benefits. Under their employment agreements and offer letters, some of our executive officers are entitled to cash severance benefits if they are terminated without cause. In some instances, this may include reimbursement for the costs of continued health insurance premiums for a period of time after termination of employment. The terms of these arrangements are more fully described below under “—Termination of Employment and Change of Control Arrangements.” 401(k) Plan. Our employees, including our executive officers, are eligible to participate in our 401(k) plan. Our 401(k) plan is intended to qualify as a tax qualified plan under Section 401 of the Code. Our 401(k) plan provides that each participant may contribute a portion of his or her pretax compensation, up to a statutory limit, which for most employees is $15,500 in 2008, with a larger “catch up” limit for older employees. Employee contributions are held and invested by the plan’s trustee. Beginning in 2008, we began providing a 100% match on employee contributions on the first 3% of each contributing employee’s salary and a 50% match on an additional 2% of salary contributed. Other Benefits and Perquisites. We provide medical insurance, dental insurance, vision coverage, life insurance and accidental death and dismemberment insurance benefits to all full-time employees, including our executive officers. These benefits are available to all employees, subject to applicable laws. Our executive officers generally do not receive any perquisites, except that we pay temporary living expenses for Mr. Amick in connection with his travel from his residence to our corporate headquarters. However, from time to time, we have provided relocation expenses in connection with the relocation of executive officers to the geographic area of our corporate headquarters in Durham, North Carolina. We intend to continue to provide relocation expenses in the future, as necessary, to obtain the services of qualified individuals. Other Compensation. We intend to continue to maintain the current benefits for our executive officers, which are also available to all of our other employees; however, our compensation committee, in its discretion, may in the future revise, amend or add to the benefits of any executive officer if it deems it advisable. 93 Table of Contents Federal Tax Considerations Under Sections 162(m) and 409A Section 162(m) of the Code limits our deduction for federal income tax purposes to not more than $1 million of compensation paid to specified executive officers in a calendar year. Compensation above $1 million may be deducted if it is performance-based compensation within the meaning of Section 162(m). Our compensation committee has not yet established a policy for determining which forms of incentive compensation awarded to our executive officers will be designed to qualify as performance-based compensation. To maintain flexibility in compensating our executive officers in a manner designed to promote our objectives, our compensation committee has not adopted a policy that requires all compensation to be deductible. However, the committee intends to evaluate the effects of the compensation limits of Section 162(m) on any compensation it proposes to grant, and the compensation committee intends to provide future compensation in a manner consistent with our best interests and those of our stockholders. Section 409A of the Code addresses the tax treatment of nonqualified deferred compensation benefits and provides for significant taxes and penalties in the case of payment of nonqualified deferred compensation. We currently intend to structure our executive compensation programs to avoid triggering these taxes and penalties under Section 409A. Accounting Considerations Effective January 1, 2006, we adopted the fair value provisions of SFAS No. 123R. Under SFAS No. 123R, we are required to estimate and record an expense for each award of equity compensation, including stock options, over the vesting period of the award. Our board of directors has determined to retain for the foreseeable future our stock option program as the sole component of its long-term compensation program, and, therefore, to record this expense on an ongoing basis according to SFAS No. 123R. Our compensation committee may in the future consider the grant of restricted stock or other equity-based awards to our executive officers in lieu of stock option grants, in light of the accounting impact of SFAS No. 123R with respect to stock option grants. Summary Compensation Table The following table sets forth information regarding compensation earned during the year ended December 31, 2007 by our principal executive officer, our former principal financial officer, and our two other executive officers whose total compensation exceeded $100,000 for the year ended December 31, 2007. We refer to these persons as our named executive officers. Name and Principal Position Salary Bonus Option Awards(1) All Other Compensation(2) Total W. Thomas Amick $ 250,000 $ 60,000 $ 93,971 $ 38,378 $ 442,349 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer Edward L. Field 217,500 43,500 12,875 — 273,875 President and Chief Operating Officer Andrew E. Balber 188,225 29,650 2,719 — 220,594 Chief Scientific Officer Matthew Czajkowski 79,090 10,000 1,417 — 90,507 Former Chief Financial Officer(3) (1) The assumptions we used in valuing options are described under the caption “Share-Based Compensation” in note 2 to our financial statements included in this prospectus. This column reflects compensation expense that would be recorded under SFAS No. 123R as stock-based compensation in our financial statements for 2007 in connection with options we granted in 2007 and in prior years, adjusted to disregard the effects of any estimate of forfeitures related to service-based vesting, if we had adopted the modified-prospective transition method of SFAS No. 123R. As a result, unlike our financial statements for 2007, the amounts in 94 Table of Contents the table include value associated with stock options that were granted prior to January 1, 2006 and that had not fully vested prior to 2007, and assume that the executive will perform the requisite service for the award to vest. (2) Amount represents the cost of temporary living expenses for Mr. Amick during 2007 that we reimbursed or paid on his behalf. (3) Mr. Czajkowski was our part-time chief financial officer from May 2007 until the termination of his employment in January 2008. Stock Option Grants in 2007 All options granted to our named executive officers in 2007 were incentive stock options, to the extent permissible under the Code. The exercise price per share of each option granted to our named executive officers was equal to the fair market value of our common stock as determined by our board of directors on the date of the grant. Our common stock was not publicly traded in 2007 and accordingly, no actual closing price for the common stock on the grant date is available. In determining the fair market value of our common stock granted on the grant date, our board of directors considered many factors, including: • the rate of progress and costs of our clinical trials and other research and development activities; • the fact that our options involved illiquid securities in a non-public company; • prices of preferred stock we issued to outside investors in arm’s-length transactions; • the rights, preferences and privileges of our preferred stock over our common stock; and • the likelihood that our common stock would become liquid through an initial public offering, an acquisition of us or another event. The following table sets forth information regarding grants of plan-based awards to the named executive officers during the year ended December 31, 2007. All awards were stock options granted under our 2000 stock option plan. Grant date Number of Shares Underlying Option Awards Exercise Price of Option Awards ($/sh) Grant Date Fair Value of Option Awards(1) W. Thomas Amick February 27, 2007 1,033,869 $ 0.20 $ 175,758 Edward L. Field February 27, 2007 300,000 0.20 51,000 Andrew E. Balber February 27, 2007 75,000 0.20 12,750 Matthew Czajkowski(2) May 14, 2007 50,000 0.20 8,500 (1) The assumptions we used in valuing the options we granted during 2007 are described under the caption “Share-Based Compensation” in note 2 to our financial statements included in this prospectus. This column reflects the amount we will record under SFAS No. 123R as stock-based compensation in our financial statements in connection with these options over the entire term of the options, adjusted to disregard the effects of any estimate of forfeitures related to service-based vesting. Instead, it assumes that the executive will perform the requisite service for the award to vest. (2) Mr. Czajkowski’s options were forfeited following the termination of his employment in January 2008. 95 Table of Contents Outstanding Equity Awards at End of 2007 The following table provides information about outstanding stock options held by each of our named executive officers at December 31, 2007. All of these options were granted under our 2000 stock option plan. Our named executive officers did not hold any restricted stock or other stock awards at the end of 2007. Our named executive officers did not exercise any stock options during 2007 and they did not have any stock awards that vested in 2007. Number of Shares Underlying Unexercised Options Option Exercise Price Option Expiration Date Name (#) Exercisable (#) Unexercisable W. Thomas Amick 212,289 (1) — $ 0.20 March 2, 2015 409,678 (2) 484,164 0.20 March 23, 2016 — 1,033,869 (3) 0.20 February 27, 2017 Edward L. Field 300,000 (4) — 0.20 October 4, 2014 — 300,000 (3) 0.20 February 27, 2017 Andrew E. Balber 50,000 (5) — 0.20 March 4, 2013 — 75,000 (3) 0.20 February 27, 2017 Matthew Czajkowski — 50,000 (6) 0.20 May 14, 2017 (1) These options vested six months following the date of grant and are now fully vested. (2) These options vest in 48 equal monthly installments through March 23, 2010. (3) These options vested as to 25% of the shares on February 26, 2008 and vest as to an additional 1/48th of the shares per month thereafter. (4) These options vested over a period of three years from the date of grant and are now fully vested. (5) These options vested over a period of four years beginning March 4, 2003 and are now fully vested. (6) Mr. Czajkowski’s options were forfeited following the termination of his employment in January 2008. Termination of Employment and Change of Control Arrangements Potential Payments Under Employment Arrangements Edward Field . In September 2004, we entered into an offer letter with Mr. Field, pursuant to which, if we terminate his employment at any time without cause, as defined in the offer letter, he would be entitled to receive an amount equal to three months’ then base salary, subject to signing an acceptable release in favor of our company. In addition, Mr. Field would be entitled to receive continuation of standard health benefits payable by us for a period of three months, or a shorter period if he obtains reasonably comparable coverage from another employer. Under this offer letter, if Mr. Field’s employment was terminated by us without cause on December 31, 2007, he would have been entitled to severance in the amount of $60,900 and continuation of health benefits in the amount of $2,509. Andrew Balber . In October 2000, we entered into an offer letter with Dr. Balber, pursuant to which, if we terminate his employment at any time without cause, as defined in the offer letter, he would be entitled to receive an amount equal to six months’ then base salary, payable on our normal payroll dates. Under this offer letter, if Dr. Balber’s employment was terminated by us without cause on December 31, 2007, he would have been entitled to severance pay in the amount of $98,818. None of our other named executive officers are currently entitled to payments upon termination of employment or in connection with a change of control transaction other than amounts earned during the term of employment, including salary, vested options and vacation pay. Prior to the completion of this offering, we expect to enter into standardized employment arrangements with our named executive officers that may provide for severance and change of control benefits. 96 Table of Contents Option Acceleration Under Equity Incentive Plans Under our 2000 stock option plan and the 2008 equity incentive plan to be in effect following the closing of this offering, the vesting of stock options granted to our employees and officers may be accelerated by our board of directors in connection with specified change in control transactions. However, to date, the board of directors has not committed us to accelerate the vesting of any options in connection with such a transaction. Confidential Information and Inventions Agreement Each of our named executive officers has entered into a standard form agreement with respect to confidential information and inventions. Among other things, this agreement obligates each named executive officer to refrain from disclosing any of our confidential information received during the course of employment and, with some exceptions, to assign to us any inventions conceived or developed during the course of employment. Employee Benefit Plans We believe that our ability to grant equity-based awards is a valuable and necessary compensation tool that aligns the long-term financial interests of our employees and directors with the financial interests of our stockholders. In addition, we believe that our ability to grant options and other equity-based awards helps us to attract, retain and motivate qualified employees, and encourages them to devote their best efforts to our business and financial success. The material terms of our equity incentive plans are described below. Stock Option Plan Our board of directors adopted, and our stockholders approved, our stock option plan, or the 2000 stock option plan, in May 2000. As of December 31, 2007, an aggregate of 5,949,000 shares of common stock were reserved for issuance under the 2000 stock option plan. The 2000 stock option plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options and nonstatutory stock options. As of December 31, 2007, options to purchase 4,342,500 shares of common stock at a weighted average exercise price per share of $0.20 were outstanding under the 2000 stock option plan. As of December 31, 2007, 1,397,753 shares of common stock remained available for future issuance. In April 2008, our board of directors and stockholders approved an increase of 700,000 shares of common stock under the 2000 stock option plan, increasing the shares reserved for issuance under the 2000 stock option plan to a new total of 6,649,000 shares. Our board of directors has the authority to construe and interpret the terms of the 2000 stock option plan and the options granted under it. After the effectiveness of the 2008 equity incentive plan described below, we will make no further stock option grants under the 2000 stock option plan, but all outstanding options will continue to be governed by their existing terms. Transfer of Shares to 2008 Equity Incentive Plan. Following this offering, any shares of common stock that have been reserved for issuance under the 2000 stock option plan, but which are not subject to any outstanding stock option award at the time of the completion of this offering, shall no longer be available for issuance under the 2000 stock option plan, but instead shall be considered shares that are available for awards under our 2008 equity incentive plan. In addition, if any outstanding stock option award under the 2000 stock option plan is forfeited, cancelled, or terminated for any reason without such option being exercised, either in part or whole, then the shares of common stock subject to the unexercised portion of such stock option shall revert to and become available for issuance under the 2008 equity incentive plan. In the event an optionee’s service relationship with us, or one of our affiliates, terminates for cause, any outstanding options under the 2000 stock option plan are cancelled and forfeited. Stock Options . The 2000 stock option plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options under the federal tax laws and the grant of nonstatutory stock options. Only employees may receive incentive stock options, but 97 Table of Contents nonstatutory stock options may be granted to employees, non-employee directors, advisors, independent contractors and consultants. The exercise price of incentive stock options may not be less than 100% of the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant. Shares subject to options under the 2000 stock option plan generally vest in a series of installments over a specified period of service, typically four years. In general, except as described below, the term of options granted under the 2000 stock option plan may not exceed ten years. Unless the terms of an optionee’s stock option agreement provide otherwise, if an optionee’s service relationship with us, or any of our affiliates, ceases for any reason other than termination for cause, disability or death, the optionee may exercise the vested portion of any options for three months after the date of such termination. If an optionee’s service relationship with us, or any of our affiliates, ceases due to disability or death or an optionee dies within a certain period following cessation of service, the optionee or a beneficiary may exercise any vested portion of an option for a period of 12 months. In no event, however, may an option be exercised beyond the expiration of its term. Tax Limitations on Incentive Stock Options . Incentive stock options may be granted only to our employees. The aggregate fair market value, determined at the time of grant, of shares of our common stock with respect to incentive stock options that are exercisable for the first time by an optionee during any calendar year under all of our stock plans may not exceed $100,000. No incentive stock option may be granted to any person who, at the time of the grant, owns or is deemed to own stock possessing more than 10% of our total combined voting power or that of any of our affiliates unless the option exercise price is at least 110% of the fair market value of the stock subject to the option on the date of grant, and the term of the incentive stock option does not exceed five years from the date of grant. Corporate Transactions . Unless otherwise determined by the board of directors at the time of grant, in the event of a merger, consolidation, corporate reorganization or any transaction in which all or substantially all of our assets or stock are sold, leased, transferred or otherwise disposed of, any unvested portion of a stock option granted under the 2000 stock option plan will become fully vested, unless the surviving or acquiring corporation assumes or substitutes comparable options for the outstanding options granted under the 2000 stock option plan or replaces the options with a cash incentive program that preserves the intrinsic value of the options at the time of the transaction and provides for subsequent payout over the same vesting schedules as the options being replaced. 2008 Equity Incentive Plan Our board of directors and stockholders adopted the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan, or the 2008 equity incentive plan, in 2008. The 2008 equity incentive plan will become effective immediately upon the signing of the underwriting agreement for this offering. The 2008 equity incentive plan will terminate on , 2018, unless sooner terminated by our board of directors. Stock Awards . The 2008 equity incentive plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options, nonstatutory stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards, stock appreciation rights, performance stock awards and other forms of equity compensation, which may be granted to employees, including officers, non-employee directors, and consultants. Initial Share Reserve; Transfer of Shares from 2000 stock option plan . Following this offering, the aggregate number of shares of our common stock that may be issued initially pursuant to stock awards under the 2008 equity incentive plan is shares, plus any shares of our common stock that were previously held in reserve under the 2000 stock option plan, but which were unused and which have been transferred to the 2008 equity incentive plan. Additionally, if any outstanding stock options granted under the 2000 stock option plan should for any reason expire or otherwise terminate, in whole or in part, without having been exercised in full, or if any shares of common stock issued under the 2000 stock option plan are reacquired by or returned to us for any 98 Table of Contents reason, including the failure to satisfy a vesting contingency, the shares of common stock that are not acquired, or which are returned, will revert to and become available for issuance under the 2008 equity incentive plan. Evergreen Share Replacement Feature. The number of shares of our common stock reserved for issuance will automatically increase on each January 1st, from January 1, 2009 through January 1, 2018, by the lesser of 5% of the total number of shares of our common stock outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar year, or shares. Maximum Number of Shares Issued through Incentive Stock Options . The maximum number of shares that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of incentive stock options under the 2008 equity incentive plan is shares of common stock, which equals the total initial share reserve, as increased from time to time pursuant to annual “evergreen” increases, plus shares subject to awards granted under the 2000 stock option plan that may be transferred to the 2008 equity incentive plan. Section 162(m) Limits. No person may be granted awards covering more than shares of our common stock under the 2008 equity incentive plan during any calendar year pursuant to an appreciation-only stock award. An appreciation-only stock award is a stock award whose value is determined by reference to an increase over an exercise or strike price of at least 100% of the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant. A stock option with an exercise price equal to the value of the stock on the date of grant is an example of an appreciation-only award. Such limitation is designed to help assure that any deductions to which we would otherwise be entitled upon the exercise of an appreciation-only stock award or upon the subsequent sale of shares purchased under such an award, will not be subject to the $1,000,000 limitation on the income tax deductibility of compensation paid per covered executive officer imposed by Section 162(m) of the Code. Reversion of Shares. If a stock award granted under the 2008 equity incentive plan expires or otherwise terminates without being exercised in full, the shares of our common stock not acquired pursuant to the stock award again become available for subsequent issuance under the 2008 equity incentive plan. In addition, the following types of shares under the 2008 equity incentive plan may become available for the grant of new stock awards under the 2008 equity incentive plan: • shares that are forfeited to or repurchased by us prior to becoming fully vested; • shares withheld to satisfy income and employment withholding taxes; • shares used to pay the exercise price of an option in a net exercise arrangement; • shares tendered to us to pay the exercise price of an option; and • shares that are cancelled pursuant to an exchange or repricing program. Shares issued under the 2008 equity incentive plan may be previously unissued shares or reacquired shares bought on the open market. No shares of our common stock have been issued under the 2008 equity incentive plan. Administration. Our board of directors has delegated its authority to administer the 2008 equity incentive plan to our compensation committee. Subject to the terms of the 2008 equity incentive plan, our board of directors or an authorized committee, referred to as the plan administrator, determines recipients, dates of grant, the numbers and types of stock awards to be granted, and the terms and conditions of the stock awards, including the period of their exercisability and vesting. Subject to the limitations set forth below, the plan administrator will also determine the exercise price of options granted, the consideration to be paid for restricted stock awards, and the strike price of stock appreciation rights. The plan administrator has the authority, under appropriate circumstances, to: • reduce the exercise price of any outstanding option or the strike price of any outstanding stock appreciation right; 99 Table of Contents • cancel any outstanding option or stock appreciation right and to grant in exchange one or more of the following: • new options or stock appreciation rights covering the same or a different number of shares of common stock, • new stock awards, • cash, and/or • other valuable consideration; or • engage in any action that is treated as a repricing under generally accepted accounting principles. Stock Options . Incentive and nonstatutory stock options are granted pursuant to incentive and nonstatutory stock option agreements adopted by the plan administrator. The plan administrator determines the exercise price for a stock option, within the terms and conditions of the 2008 equity incentive plan, provided that the exercise price of an incentive stock option and nonstatutory stock option cannot be less than 100% of the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant. Options granted under the 2008 equity incentive plan vest at the rate specified by the plan administrator. Generally, the plan administrator determines the term of stock options granted under the 2008 equity incentive plan, up to a maximum of ten years, except in the case of specified incentive stock options, as described below. Unless the terms of an optionee’s stock option agreement provide otherwise, if an optionee’s service relationship with us, or any of our affiliates, ceases for any reason other than a termination for “cause” or a termination because of disability or death, the optionee may exercise the vested portion of any options for a period of three months following the cessation of service. If an optionee’s service relationship with us, or any of our affiliates, ceases due to disability or death or an optionee dies within a specified period following cessation of service, the optionee or a beneficiary may exercise the vested portion of any options for a period of 12 months in the event of death or disability. In the event of a termination of an optionee’s services for cause, the unexercised portion of any outstanding stock option held by the optionee will be forfeited and may not be exercised. The option term may be extended in the event that exercise of the option following termination of service is prohibited by applicable securities laws. In no event, however, may an option be exercised beyond the expiration of its term. Acceptable consideration for the purchase of common stock issued upon the exercise of a stock option will be determined by the plan administrator and may include cash or check, a broker-assisted cashless exercise, the tender of common stock previously owned by the optionee, a net exercise of the option, and other legal consideration approved by the plan administrator. Unless the plan administrator provides otherwise, options generally are not transferable except by will, the laws of descent and distribution, or pursuant to a domestic relations order. An optionee may designate a beneficiary, however, who may exercise the option following the optionee’s death. Tax Limitations on Incentive Stock Options . Incentive stock options may be granted only to our employees. The aggregate fair market value, determined at the time of grant, of shares of our common stock with respect to incentive stock options that are exercisable for the first time by an optionee during any calendar year under all of our stock plans may not exceed $100,000. No incentive stock option may be granted to any person who, at the time of the grant, owns or is deemed to own stock possessing more than 10% of our total combined voting power or that of any of our affiliates unless the option exercise price is at least 110% of the fair market value of the stock subject to the option on the date of grant, and the term of the incentive stock option does not exceed five years from the date of grant. Restricted Stock Awards . Restricted stock awards are granted pursuant to restricted stock award agreements adopted by the plan administrator. Restricted stock awards may be granted in consideration for cash or check, 100 Table of Contents past or future services rendered to us or our affiliates, or any other form of legal consideration. Shares of common stock acquired under a restricted stock award may, but need not, be subject to a share repurchase option in our favor in accordance with a vesting schedule to be determined by the plan administrator. Rights to acquire shares under a restricted stock award may be transferred only upon such terms and conditions as set by the plan administrator. Restricted Stock Unit Awards . A restricted stock unit is a promise by us to issue shares of our common stock, or to pay cash equal to the value of shares of our common stock, equivalent to the number of units covered by the award at the time of vesting of the units or thereafter. Restricted stock unit awards are granted pursuant to restricted stock unit award agreements adopted by the plan administrator. Restricted stock unit awards may be granted in consideration for any form of legal consideration. A restricted stock unit award may be settled by cash, delivery of stock, a combination of cash and stock as deemed appropriate by the plan administrator, or in any other form of consideration set forth in the restricted stock unit award agreement. Additionally, dividend equivalents may be credited in respect to shares covered by a restricted stock unit award. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable award agreement, restricted stock units that have not vested will be forfeited upon the participant’s cessation of continuous service for any reason. Stock Appreciation Rights . A stock appreciation right entitles the participant to a payment equal in value to the appreciation in the value of the underlying shares of our common stock for a predetermined number of shares over a specified period. Stock appreciation rights are granted pursuant to stock appreciation rights agreements adopted by the plan administrator. The plan administrator determines the strike price for a stock appreciation right which cannot be less than 100% of the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant. Upon the exercise of a stock appreciation right, we will pay the participant an amount equal to the product of (a) the excess of the per share fair market value of our common stock on the date of exercise over the strike price, multiplied by (b) the number of shares of common stock with respect to which the stock appreciation right is exercised. A stock appreciation right granted under the 2008 equity incentive plan vests at the rate specified in the stock appreciation right agreement as determined by the plan administrator. The plan administrator determines the term of stock appreciation rights granted under the 2008 equity incentive plan, up to a maximum of ten years. If a participant’s service relationship with us, or any of our affiliates, ceases, then the participant, or the participant’s beneficiary, may exercise any vested stock appreciation right for three months, or such longer or shorter period specified in the stock appreciation right agreement, after the date such service relationship ends. If a participant’s service relationship is terminated for cause, any unexercised stock appreciation right will terminate immediately and may not be exercised. In no event, however, may a stock appreciation right be exercised beyond the expiration of its term. Performance Stock Awards . The 2008 equity incentive plan permits the grant of performance stock awards that may qualify as performance-based compensation that is not subject to the $1,000,000 limitation on the income tax deductibility of compensation paid per covered executive officer imposed by Section 162(m) of the Code. To assure that the compensation attributable to one or more performance stock awards will so qualify, our compensation committee can structure one or more such awards so that stock will be issued or paid pursuant to such award only upon the achievement of certain pre-established performance goals during a designated performance period. The maximum benefit to be received by a participant in any calendar year attributable to performance stock awards may not exceed shares of our common stock. Other Stock Awards . The plan administrator may grant other awards based in whole or in part by reference to our common stock. The plan administrator will set the number of shares under the award and all other terms and conditions of such awards. Adjustment provisions. Transactions not involving our receipt of consideration, such as certain mergers, consolidations, reorganizations, stock dividends, or stock splits, may change the type, class and number of shares of our common stock subject to the 2008 equity incentive plan and outstanding awards. In that event, the 2008 101 Table of Contents equity incentive plan will be appropriately adjusted as to the type, class and the maximum number of shares of our common stock subject to the 2008 equity incentive plan, and outstanding awards will be adjusted as to the type, class, number of shares and price per share of common stock subject to such awards. Corporate Transactions; Changes in Control. In the event of certain specified organizational changes, which we refer to in this prospectus as corporate transactions, including but not limited to a consolidation, merger, or similar transaction involving our company, the sale, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of our company or the consolidated assets of our company and our subsidiaries, or a sale or disposition of at least 50% of the outstanding capital stock of our company, then our board of directors, or the board of directors of any corporation assuming our obligations, may take any one or more actions as to outstanding awards, or as to a portion of any outstanding award under the 2008 equity incentive plan, including: • providing that such awards will continue in existence with appropriate adjustments or modifications, if applicable; • providing that such awards will be assumed, or equivalent awards substituted, by the acquiring or succeeding corporation or an affiliate thereof; • providing that all unexercised stock options, or other awards to the extent they are unexercised or unvested, will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction unless exercised within a specified period; • in the event of a consolidation, merger, combination, reorganization or similar transaction under the terms of which holders of our common stock will receive a cash payment per share surrendered in the transaction, making or providing for an equivalent cash payment in exchange for the termination of such awards; or • providing that all or any outstanding awards will become vested and exercisable in full or part or any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by us shall immediately lapse in full or part at or immediately prior to such event. If a corporate transaction occurs that also qualifies as a change in control under the 2008 equity incentive plan, an individual stock award may provide for accelerated vesting upon the change in control. A change in control includes a transaction or series of related transactions, in each case, where persons who were not our stockholders immediately prior to acquiring our capital stock as part of such transaction become the owners of our capital stock that represents more than 50% of the combined voting power of our outstanding capital stock. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be in effect upon the closing of this offering require us to indemnify, and limit the liability of, our directors to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Our amended and restated bylaws to be in effect upon the closing of this offering require us to indemnify our directors to the fullest extent not prohibited by law and permit us to indemnify our officers, employees and other agents as set forth under Delaware law. We will indemnify any such person in connection with a proceeding initiated by such person only if such indemnification is expressly required by law, the proceeding was authorized by our board of directors, the indemnification is provided by us, in our sole discretion, pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law or other applicable law or is otherwise expressly required by our amended and restated bylaws. Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law permits indemnification of officers, directors and other agents under specified circumstances and subject to specified limitations. Delaware law also permits a corporation to not hold its directors personally liable for monetary damages for breach of their fiduciary duties as directors, except for liability for: • breach of their duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders; • acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; 102 Table of Contents • unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions; and • any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. These limitations of liability do not affect the availability of equitable remedies such as injunctive relief or rescission. Our amended and restated bylaws also permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director, employee or other agent for any liability arising out of his or her actions in this capacity. We have obtained directors’ and officers’ liability insurance to cover certain liabilities described above. We have entered into indemnity agreements with each of our directors that require us to indemnify such persons against any and all expenses, including attorneys’ fees, witness fees, judgments, fines, settlements and other amounts incurred, including expenses of a derivative action, in connection with any action, suit or proceeding or alternative dispute resolution mechanism, inquiry hearing or investigation, whether threatened, pending or completed, to which any such person may be made a party by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director, an officer or an employee of our company, provided that such person’s conduct did not constitute a breach of his or her duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, and was not an act or omission not in good faith or which involved intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of laws. The indemnity agreements also set forth procedures that will apply in the event of a claim for indemnification thereunder. We believe that these provisions and agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors of our company. At present, there is no pending litigation or proceeding involving a director or officer of our company for which indemnification is required or permitted, and we are not aware of any threatened litigation or proceeding that may result in a claim for indemnification. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted by directors, executive officers or persons controlling us, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 103 Table of Contents CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS The following is a summary of transactions, and series of related transactions, since January 1, 2005 to which we have been or will be a participant, in which the amount involved exceeded or will exceed $120,000 and in which any of our executive officers, directors or beneficial holders of more than 5% of our capital stock had or will have a direct or indirect material interest, or any immediate family member of, or person sharing the household with, any of these individuals, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest, other than executive and director compensation arrangements, including the employment, termination of employment and change of control arrangements, which are described in the section of this prospectus entitled “Executive Compensation.” Sales of Securities 2005 Convertible Notes In March and November 2005, we issued and sold convertible promissory notes, or the 2005 convertible notes, in the aggregate principal amount of $3.9 million. These notes bore interest at 8% per annum, and all principal and accrued interest was originally due in May 2006. The notes were automatically convertible into shares of our convertible preferred stock upon the closing of our next preferred stock equity financing. The holders of the notes did not call them at maturity in May 2006 and provided forbearance to us through the closing of our Series C convertible preferred stock financing in December 2006. For the period between May 2006 and December 2006, the notes bore interest at the default rate of 12% per annum. In connection with the issuance of the 2005 convertible notes, we also issued warrants to the holders of the notes to purchase shares of the series of preferred stock to be issued in the next round of financing, or if no such financing occurred, an aggregate of 3,862,011 shares of Series B convertible preferred stock at an exercise price of $0.01 per share. The following table sets forth the principal amount of the 2005 convertible notes that we issued to entities affiliated with our directors and to our 5% stockholders and their affiliates and the number of shares of Series B convertible preferred stock underlying the warrants issued to these stockholders. Stockholder (1) Aggregate Principal Amount of 2005 Convertible Notes Number of Shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Underlying Warrants (2) Entities affiliated with directors: Entities affiliated with Intersouth Partners (3) $ 1,797,304 1,797,304 Entities affiliated with The Aurora Funds (4) 898,652 898,652 Other 5% stockholders: The Trelys Funds, L.P. 673,989 673,989 (1) See “Principal Stockholders” for more information about shares held by these stockholders. (2) Represents the number of shares of Series B convertible preferred stock potentially issuable upon exercise of warrants issued in connection with the 2005 convertible notes. As noted above, as issued, these warrants were to become exercisable for shares of the series of preferred stock to be issued in the next round of financing or, if no such financing occurred, shares of Series B convertible preferred stock. As described below, these warrants were subsequently exchanged for warrants to purchase Series C convertible preferred stock in connection with the Series C convertible preferred stock financing. (3) Represents securities held by Intersouth Partners V, L.P. and Intersouth Affiliates V, L.P. Dr. Garheng Kong, one of our directors, is a member of the general partner of these entities. 104 Table of Contents (4) Represents securities held by Harbinger/Aurora QP Venture Fund, L.L.C., Harbinger/Aurora Venture Fund, L.L.C. and Aurora Enrichment Fund, LLC. B. Jefferson Clark, one of our directors, is a member of the investment committee of Harbinger/Aurora Ventures, LLC, the managing member of Harbinger/Aurora QP Venture Fund, L.L.C. and Harbinger/Aurora Venture Fund, L.L.C., and a manager of Aurora Enrichment Management Company LLC, the managing member of Aurora Enrichment Fund, LLC. Series C and Series C-1 Convertible Preferred Stock Financings In December 2006 and September 2007, we issued and sold an aggregate of 24,742,979 shares of Series C convertible preferred stock at a price of $0.7278 per share for aggregate consideration of approximately $17.8 million, including the conversion of principal and accrued interest on all of the outstanding 2005 convertible notes described above, and net of issuance costs. In connection with this offering, in December 2006 we also exchanged all of the warrants issued in connection with the 2005 convertible notes for new warrants with revised terms. The new warrants are exercisable for an aggregate of 1,326,605 shares of Series C convertible preferred stock at an exercise price of $0.7278 per share and expire in December 2011. In April 2008, we issued and sold an aggregate of 17,636,655 shares of Series C-1 convertible preferred stock at a price of $1.0411 per share for aggregate consideration of $18.4 million. The participants in these transactions included the following entities affiliated with our directors and other holders of more than 5% of our capital stock or their affiliates. The following table presents the number of shares issued to these related parties in these financings. Each share of our Series C convertible preferred stock and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock is currently convertible into one share of our common stock. Stockholder (1) Number of Shares Series C Convertible Preferred Stock Purchased (including the conversion of principal and accrued interest under 2005 convertible notes) Number of Shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock Underlying Warrants Received Upon Exchange of Series B Warrants Number of Shares of Series C-1 Convertible Preferred Stock Purchased Entities affiliated with directors: Entities affiliated with Intersouth Partners (2) 9,990,418 617,376 5,878,695 Entities affiliated with The Aurora Funds (3) 2,306,064 308,687 1,021,358 Entities affiliated with Harbert Venture Partners (4) 3,297,609 — 5,974,013 Other 5% stockholders: Tullis-Dickerson Capital Focus III, L.P. 3,435,010 — 2,401,322 The Trelys Funds, L.P. 1,314,698 231,516 95,504 CNF Investments II, LLC 2,748,008 — 1,440,794 (1) See “Principal Stockholders” for more information about shares held by these stockholders. (2) Represents shares held by Intersouth Partners V, L.P., Intersouth Affiliates V, L.P., Intersouth Partners VI, L.P. and Intersouth Partners VII, L.P. Dr. Garheng Kong, one of our directors, is a member of the general partner of each of these entities. (3) Represents shares held by Harbinger/Aurora QP Venture Fund, L.L.C., Harbinger/Aurora Venture Fund, L.L.C. and Aurora Enrichment Fund, LLC. B. Jefferson Clark, one of our directors, is a member of the investment committee of Harbinger/Aurora Ventures, LLC, the managing member of Harbinger/Aurora QP Venture Fund, L.L.C. and Harbinger/Aurora Venture Fund, L.L.C., and a manager of Aurora Enrichment Management Company LLC, the managing member of Aurora Enrichment Fund, LLC. (4) Represents shares held by Harbert Venture Partners, L.L.C. and ALD Co-Investor, LLC. The consideration paid by Harbert Venture Partners, L.L.C. for the purchase of Series C-1 convertible preferred stock included the cancellation of approximately $20,000 in indebtedness. William W. Brooke, one of our former directors, 105 Table of Contents is an executive vice president of the manager of the managing member of these entities. Mr. Brooke is also a member of the investment committee of Harbinger/Aurora Ventures, LLC, the managing member of Harbinger/Aurora QP Venture Fund, L.L.C. and Harbinger/Aurora Venture Fund, L.L.C. Mr. Brooke resigned as a member of our board of directors in May 2008. We believe that the terms obtained or consideration that we paid or received, as applicable, in connection with the transactions described above were comparable to terms available or the amounts that would be paid or received, as applicable, in arm’s-length transactions. Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement In connection with our preferred stock financings, we have entered into an amended and restated investor rights agreement with the purchasers of our preferred stock and warrants to purchase preferred stock, including entities with which some of our directors are affiliated, and with some holders of our common stock, including some of our officers. This amended and restated investor rights agreement relates to voting rights, information rights, rights of first refusal and registration rights, among other things. This agreement will terminate upon the closing of this offering, except for the registration rights granted under the agreement, as more fully described in “Description of Capital Stock—Registration Rights.” Related Person Transaction Policy Prior to this offering, we have not had a formal policy regarding approval of transactions with related parties. In 2008, we adopted a related person transaction policy that sets forth our procedures for the identification, review, consideration and approval or ratification of related person transactions. The policy will become effective immediately upon the execution of the underwriting agreement for this offering. For purposes of our policy only, a related person transaction is a transaction, arrangement or relationship, or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships, in which we and any related person are, were or will be participants in which the amount involves exceeds $120,000. Transactions involving compensation for services provided to us as an employee or director are not covered by this policy. A related person is any executive officer, director or beneficial owner of more than 5% of any class of our voting securities, including any of their immediate family members and any entity owned or controlled by such persons. Under the policy, if a transaction has been identified as a related person transaction, including any transaction that was not a related person transaction when originally consummated or any transaction that was not initially identified as a related person transaction prior to consummation, our management must present information regarding the related person transaction to our audit committee, or, if audit committee approval would be inappropriate, to another independent body of our board of directors, for review, consideration and approval or ratification. The presentation must include a description of, among other things, the material facts, the interests, direct and indirect, of the related persons, the benefits to us of the transaction and whether the transaction is on terms that are comparable to the terms available to or from, as the case may be, an unrelated third party or to or from employees generally. Under the policy, we will collect information that we deem reasonably necessary from each director, executive officer and, to the extent feasible, significant stockholder to enable us to identify any existing or potential related-person transactions and to effectuate the terms of the policy. In addition, under our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, our employees and directors have an affirmative responsibility to disclose any transaction or relationship that reasonably could be expected to give rise to a conflict of interest. In considering related person transactions, our audit committee, or other independent body of our board of directors, will take into account the relevant available facts and circumstances including, but not limited to: • the risks, costs and benefits to us; • the impact on a director’s independence in the event that the related person is a director, immediate family member of a director or an entity with which a director is affiliated; 106 Table of Contents • the availability of other sources for comparable services or products; and • the terms available to or from, as the case may be, unrelated third parties or to or from employees generally. The policy requires that, in determining whether to approve, ratify or reject a related person transaction, our audit committee, or other independent body of our board of directors, must consider, in light of known circumstances, whether the transaction is in, or is not inconsistent with, our best interests and those of our stockholders, as our audit committee, or other independent body of our board of directors, determines in the good faith exercise of its discretion. All of the transactions described above were entered into prior to the adoption of the written policy, but all were approved by our board of directors considering similar factors to those described above. 107 Table of Contents PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS The following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of April 30, 2008 by: • each person, or group of affiliated persons, who is known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of our common stock; • each of our named executive officers; • each of our directors; and • all of our executive officers and directors as a group. The percentage ownership information shown in the table is based upon 62,907,818 shares of common stock outstanding as of April 30, 2008, after giving effect to the conversion of all of our convertible preferred stock into 59,288,071 shares of common stock, which will occur automatically immediately prior to the closing of this offering. We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. These rules generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities to persons who possess sole or shared voting power or investment power with respect to those securities. In addition, the rules include shares of common stock issuable pursuant to the exercise of stock options or warrants that are either immediately exercisable or exercisable on or before June 29, 2008, which is 60 days after April 30, 2008. These shares are deemed to be outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding those options or warrants for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of that person, but they are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Unless otherwise indicated, the persons or entities identified in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares shown as beneficially owned by them, subject to applicable community property laws. 108 Table of Contents Except as otherwise noted below, the address for persons listed in the table is c/o Aldagen, Inc., 2810 Meridian Parkway, Suite 148, Durham, North Carolina 27713. Name of Beneficial Owner Number of Shares Beneficially Owned Percentage of Shares Beneficially Owned Before Offering After Offering 5% Stockholders: Entities affiliated with Intersouth Partners (1) 406 Blackwell Street, Suite 200 Durham, NC 27701 26,515,547 41.6 % % Entities affiliated with Harbert Venture Partners (4) 1901 6th Avenue North, Suite 2010 Birmingham, AL 35203 9,271,622 14.7 Entities affiliated with The Aurora Funds (2) 2525 Meridian Parkway, Suite 220 Durham, NC 27713 7,778,545 12.3 Tullis-Dickerson Capital Focus III, L.P. (3) Two Greenwich Plaza Greenwich, CT 06830 5,836,332 9.3 CNF Investments II, LLC (6) 7500 Old Georgetown Road, 15th Floor Bethesda, MD 20814 4,188,802 6.7 The Trelys Funds, L.P. (5) 2525 Meridian Parkway, Suite 225 Durham, NC 27713 3,385,903 5.4 Named Executive Officers and Directors: W. Thomas Amick (7) 1,130,556 1.8 Edward L. Field (8) 420,833 * * Andrew E. Balber (9) 362,812 * * Matthew Czajkowski — — — Joel R. Kimbrough — — — Martin J. Murphy (10) 50,000 * * B. Jefferson Clark (2) 7,778,545 12.3 Garheng Kong (1) 26,515,547 41.6 All current directors and executive officers as a group (11) (9 persons) 36,258,293 55.2 * Represents beneficial ownership of less than 1%. (1) Consists of 5,003,835 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series A convertible preferred stock, 4,447,853 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series B convertible preferred stock, 138,995 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series B convertible preferred stock issuable upon exercise of immediately exercisable warrants, 3,859,967 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series C convertible preferred stock, 590,390 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series C convertible preferred stock issuable upon exercise of immediately exercisable warrants and 416,671 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series C-1 convertible preferred stock, in each case held by Intersouth Partners V, L.P.; 228,719 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series A convertible preferred stock, 203,303 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series B convertible preferred stock, 6,353 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series B convertible preferred stock issuable upon exercise of immediately exercisable 109 Table of Contents warrants, 176,435 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series C convertible preferred stock, 26,986 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series C convertible preferred stock issuable upon exercise of immediately exercisable warrants and 19,046 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series C-1 convertible preferred stock, in each case held by Intersouth Affiliates V, L.P.; 5,954,016 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series C convertible preferred stock and 1,600,889 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series C-1 convertible preferred stock, in each case held by Intersouth Partners VI, L.P.; and 3,842,089 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series C-1 convertible preferred stock held by Intersouth Partners VII, L.P. Intersouth Associates V, LLC, the general partner of each of Intersouth Partners V, L.P. and Intersouth Affiliates V, L.P., Intersouth Associates VI, LLC, the general partner of Intersouth Partners VI, L.P., and Intersouth Associates VII, LLC, the general partner of Intersouth Partners VII, L.P., may be deemed to share voting and dispositive power over the shares held by each of Intersouth Partners V, L.P., Intersouth Affiliates V, L.P., Intersouth Partners VI, L.P. and Intersouth Partners VII, L.P. Dennis Dougherty and Mitch Mumma are both member managers of Intersouth Associates V, LLC, Intersouth Associates VI, LLC and Intersouth Associates VII, LLC and share voting and investment power over the shares held by each of Intersouth Partners V, L.P., Intersouth Affiliates V, L.P., Intersouth Partners VI, L.P. and Intersouth Partners VII, L.P. Dr. Garheng Kong, a member of our board of directors, is a member of each of Intersouth Associates V, LLC, Intersouth Associates VI, LLC and Intersouth Associates VII, LLC. Pursuant to powers of attorney granted by each of Intersouth Associates V, LLC, Intersouth Associates VI, LLC and Intersouth Associates VII, LLC, Dr. Kong shares voting power with respect to the securities owned by the entities for which these entities serve as general partners. Dr. Kong disclaims beneficial ownership of these shares held by Intersouth Partners V, L.P., Intersouth Affiliates V, L.P., Intersouth Partners VI, L.P. and Intersouth Partners VII, L.P. (2) Consists of 1,030,963 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series A convertible preferred stock, 859,116 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series B convertible preferred stock, 42,965 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series B convertible preferred stock issuable upon exercise of immediately exercisable warrants, 809,188 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series C convertible preferred stock, 60,814 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series C convertible preferred stock issuable upon exercise of immediately exercisable warrants and 603,652 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series C-1 convertible preferred stock, in each case held by Harbinger/Aurora QP Venture Fund, L.L.C.; 713,221 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series A convertible preferred stock, 594,371 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series B convertible preferred stock, 29,709 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series B convertible preferred stock issuable upon exercise of immediately exercisable warrants, 559,929 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series C convertible preferred stock, 42,081 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series C convertible preferred stock issuable upon exercise of immediately exercisable warrants and 417,706 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series C-1 convertible preferred stock, in each case held by Harbinger/Aurora Venture Fund, L.L.C.; and 872,091 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series B convertible preferred stock, 936,947 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series C convertible preferred stock and 205,792 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series C convertible preferred stock issuable upon exercise of immediately exercisable warrants, in each case held by Aurora Enrichment Fund, LLC. Harbinger/Aurora Ventures, LLC is the managing member of Harbinger/Aurora QP Venture Fund, L.L.C. and Harbinger/Aurora Venture Fund, L.L.C. and has voting and investment power with respect to all shares held by those entities, which is exercised by the investment committee comprised of M. Scott Albert, B. Jefferson Clark and William W. Brooke. Mr. Clark is also the manager of Aurora Enrichment Management Co. LLC, the managing member of Aurora Enrichment Fund, LLC. Mr. Clark is a member of our board of directors and disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by Harbinger/Aurora QP Venture Fund, L.L.C., Harbinger/Aurora Venture Fund, L.L.C., and Aurora Enrichment Fund, LLC. 110 Table of Contents (3) Consists of 3,435,010 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series C convertible preferred stock and 2,401,322 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series C-1 convertible preferred stock. Tullis-Dickerson Partners III, L.L.C. is the general partner of Tullis-Dickerson Capital Focus III, L.P. Lyle A. Hohnke, Joan P. Neuscheler, James L. L. Tullis, Thomas P. Dickerson and Timothy M. Buono share voting and/or dispositive power over all shares held by Tullis-Dickerson Capital Focus III, L.P. (4) Consists of 3,297,609 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series C convertible preferred stock and 1,171,401 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series C-1 convertible preferred stock, in each case held by Harbert Venture Partners, L.L.C.; and 4,802,612 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of convertible preferred stock held by ALD Co-Investor, LLC. Harbert Venture Partners MM, LLC is the sole managing member of each of Harbert Venture Partners, L.L.C. and ALD Co-Investor, LLC, and HMC-Virginia, Inc. is the sole manager of Harbert Venture Partners MM, LLC. The managers of HMC-Virginia, Inc. are William Brooke, David Boutwell, William Lucas and Raymond Harbert each of whom may be deemed to beneficially own the shares held of record by Harbert Venture Partners, L.L.C. and ALD Co-Investor, LLC. (5) Consists of 1,744,185 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series B convertible preferred stock, 1,314,698 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series C convertible preferred stock, 231,516 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series C convertible preferred stock issuable upon exercise of immediately exercisable warrants and 95,504 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series C-1 convertible preferred stock. Trelys Ventures, LLC is the general partner of The Trelys Funds, L.P. Adrian Wilson holds voting and investment power over all shares held by The Trelys Funds, L.P. (6) Consists of 2,748,008 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series C convertible preferred stock and 1,440,794 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of shares of Series C-1 convertible preferred stock. Robert J. Flanagan is the Manager of CNF Investments II, LLC and as such is deemed to possess voting and investment power over the shares held by this entity. ( 7) Represents those shares issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of April 30, 2008. (8) Represents those shares issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of April 30, 2008. (9) Consists of 280,000 shares of common stock held by Dr. Balber and 82,812 shares issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of April 30, 2008. (10) Represents those shares issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of April 30, 2008. (11) Includes 1,684,202 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of April 30, 2008. 111 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK The following description of our capital stock and provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws are summaries and are qualified by reference to the amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the amended and restated bylaws, each to be in effect upon the completion of this offering. We have filed copies of these documents with the SEC as exhibits to our registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. The description of the capital stock reflects changes to our capital structure that will occur upon the closing of this offering. Upon the closing of this offering and the filing of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our authorized capital stock will consist of shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share, all of which preferred stock will be undesignated. As of April 30, 2008, we had issued and outstanding: • 3,619,747 shares of our common stock held by 13 stockholders of record; • 6,000,000 shares of our Series A convertible preferred stock held by four stockholders of record that are convertible into an aggregate of 6,976,738 shares of our common stock; • 8,515,000 shares of our Series B convertible preferred stock held by 12 stockholders of record that are convertible into an aggregate of 9,901,136 shares of our common stock; • 24,742,979 shares of our Series C convertible preferred stock held by 19 stockholders of record that are convertible into shares of our common stock on a one-for-one basis; and • 17,636,655 shares of our Series C-1 convertible preferred stock held by 19 stockholders of record that are convertible into shares of our common stock on a one-for-one basis. As of April 30, 2008, we also had outstanding: • options to purchase 5,996,472 shares of our common stock at a weighted-average exercise price of $0.27 per share; • warrants to purchase an aggregate of 408,785 shares of our Series B convertible preferred stock at an exercise price of $1.00 per share; and • warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,326,605 shares of our Series C convertible preferred stock at an exercise price of $0.7278 per share. Upon the closing of this offering, all of the outstanding shares of our preferred stock, including 26,285 shares of our Series B convertible preferred stock we expect to issue upon the exercise of warrants prior to the closing of this offering, will automatically convert into a total of 59,288,071 shares of our common stock. In addition, upon the closing of this offering and after giving effect to the automatic conversion of our preferred stock into common stock, warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,771,370 shares of common stock will remain outstanding. Common Stock Voting Rights. Each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including the election of directors. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws do not provide for cumulative voting rights. Because of this, the holders of a majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors can elect all of the directors standing for election, if they should so choose. Dividends. Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any then outstanding preferred stock, holders of common stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors out of legally available funds. 112 Table of Contents Liquidation. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of common stock will be entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available for distribution to stockholders after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities and the satisfaction of any liquidation preference granted to the holders of any then outstanding shares of preferred stock. Rights and Preferences. Holders of common stock have no preemptive, conversion, subscription or other rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of common stock are subject to and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that we may designate in the future. Fully paid and Nonassessable. All of our outstanding shares of common stock are, and the shares of common stock to be issued in this offering will be, fully paid and nonassessable. Preferred Stock Upon the closing of this offering, all outstanding shares of preferred stock will have been automatically converted into shares of common stock. Following this offering, our certificate of incorporation will be amended and restated to delete all references to such shares of preferred stock. Under the amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our board of directors will have the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue up to shares of preferred stock in one or more series, to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series, to fix the rights, preferences and privileges of the shares of each wholly unissued series and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereon and to increase or decrease the number of shares of any such series, but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding. Our board of directors may authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of the common stock. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our company and may adversely affect the market price of the common stock and the voting and other rights of the holders of common stock. We have no current plans to issue any shares of preferred stock. Preferred Stock Warrants Except as described in the second bullet below, in connection with the automatic conversion of all of our outstanding shares of preferred stock into common stock immediately prior to the closing of this offering, all warrants outstanding as of the closing will automatically become exercisable for shares of common stock based on the then effective conversion ratios applicable to the respective series of convertible preferred stock. • We have outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 382,500 shares of Series B convertible preferred stock with an exercise price of $1.00 per share. Upon the closing of this offering, these warrants will become exercisable for an aggregate of 444,765 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.86 per share. These warrants expire between December 2012 and December 2013. • We have additional outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 26,285 shares of Series B preferred stock with an exercise price of $1.00 per share. Unless exercised, these warrants will expire upon the closing of this offering. We have assumed throughout this prospectus that the holders of these warrants will exercise these warrants for cash prior to the closing of this offering for an aggregate of 26,285 shares of Series B convertible preferred stock that will convert upon completion of this offering into 30,563 shares of common stock. • We have outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,326,605 shares of Series C convertible preferred stock at an exercise price of $0.7278 per share. Upon the closing of this offering, these warrants will become exercisable for an aggregate of 1,326,605 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.7278 per share. These warrants expire in December 2011. 113 Table of Contents These warrants have net exercise provisions under which their holders may, in lieu of payment of the exercise price in cash, surrender the warrant and receive a net amount of shares based on the fair market value of our stock at the time of exercise of the warrants after deduction of the aggregate exercise price. Each of the warrants contains a provision for the adjustment of the exercise price and the number of shares issuable upon the exercise of the warrant in the event of certain stock dividends, stock splits, reorganizations, reclassifications and consolidations. Registration Rights Under an amended and restated investor rights agreement, following the completion of this offering, the holders of an aggregate of shares of common stock and warrants to purchase an aggregate of up to shares of common stock, or their transferees, will have the right to require us to register their shares with the SEC so that those shares may be publicly resold, or to include their shares in any registration statement we file, subject to specified exemptions, conditions and limitations. Demand Registration Rights. At any time beginning six months after the completion of this offering, the holders of at least a majority of the shares issuable upon conversion of our Series A convertible preferred stock and Series B convertible preferred stock in the aggregate have the right to demand that we file up to a total of two registration statements and additional holders of at least a majority of the shares issuable upon conversion of our Series C convertible preferred stock and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock in the aggregate have the right to demand that we file up to a total of two additional registration statements. These registration rights are subject to specified conditions and limitations, including the right of the underwriters, if any, to limit the number of shares included in any such registration under specified circumstances. Form S-3 Registration Rights. If we are eligible to file a registration statement on Form S-3, holders of no less than 20% of the shares having registration rights have the right to demand that we file a registration statement on Form S-3 so long as the aggregate amount of securities to be sold under the registration statement on Form S-3 is at least $1,000,000, subject to specified exceptions. We are obligated to file a maximum of three registration statements on Form S-3 in any 360-day period. These registration rights are subject to specified conditions and limitations, including the right of the underwriters, if any, to limit the number of shares included in any such registration under specified circumstances. Piggyback Registration Rights. If we register any securities for public sale, stockholders with registration rights will have the right to include their shares in the registration statement. The underwriters of any underwritten offering will have the right to limit the number of shares having registration rights to be included in the registration statement, but not below 30% of the total number of shares included in the registration statement. These registration rights are also subject to other specified conditions and limitations, including the exclusion of stockholders in registration statements relating to any employee benefit plan or any corporate reorganization or transaction under Rule 145 of the Securities Act. Expenses of Registration. We will pay all expenses relating to demand registrations, Form S-3 registrations and piggyback registrations, other than any stock transfer taxes and underwriting discounts and commissions. However, we will not pay for the expenses of any demand registration if the request is subsequently withdrawn by the holders of the shares having registration rights, subject to specified exceptions. Termination. The registration rights terminate on the fifth anniversary of the closing of this offering. 114 Table of Contents Delaware Anti-takeover Law and Certain Provisions of Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws Delaware law. We are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Section 203 generally prohibits a public Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless: • prior to the date of the transaction, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; • the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for this purpose shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers and shares owned by employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or • on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by the board and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 / 3 % of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. Section 203 defines a business combination to include: • any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; • any sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition involving the interested stockholder of 10% or more of the assets of the corporation; • subject to exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder; • any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock or any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; and • the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation. In general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as any entity or person beneficially owning 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by the entity or person. Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws. Provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, which will become effective upon the closing of this offering, may delay or discourage transactions involving an actual or potential change in our control or change in our management, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares, or transactions that our stockholders might otherwise deem to be in their best interests. Therefore, these provisions could adversely affect the price of our common stock. Among other things, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws: • permit our board of directors to issue up to shares of preferred stock, with any rights, preferences and privileges as they may designate, including the right to approve an acquisition or other change in our control; • provide that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors; 115 Table of Contents • provide that all vacancies, including newly created directorships, may, except as otherwise required by law, be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum; • divide our board of directors into three classes with staggered, three-year terms; • require that any action to be taken by our stockholders must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders and not be taken by written consent; • provide that stockholders seeking to present proposals before a meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at a meeting of stockholders must provide notice in writing in a timely manner, and also specify requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder’s notice; • do not provide for cumulative voting rights, therefore allowing the holders of a majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors to elect all of the directors standing for election, if they should so choose; • provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the chairman of the board, our chief executive officer or by the board of directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors; and • provide that stockholders will be permitted to amend our amended and restated bylaws only upon receiving at least % of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of all outstanding shares then entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. The amendment of any of these provisions would require approval by the holders of at least % of our then outstanding common stock, voting as a single class. Transfer Agent and Registrar The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is . The transfer agent and registrar’s address is . NASDAQ Global Market Listing We have applied for quotation of our common stock on The NASDAQ Global Market under the trading symbol “ALDH.” 116 Table of Contents SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE Prior to this offering, no public market existed for our common stock. Market sales of shares of our common stock after this offering and from time to time, and the availability of shares for future sale, may reduce the market price of our common stock. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock, or the perception that these sales could occur, could adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock and could impair our future ability to obtain capital, especially through an offering of equity securities. Based on the number of shares of common stock outstanding as of , 2008, upon completion of this offering, shares of common stock will be outstanding, assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option and no exercise of options or warrants prior to the completion of this offering. All of the shares sold in this offering will be freely tradable without restrictions or further registration under the Securities Act, unless held by our affiliates as that term is defined under Rule 144 under the Securities Act. The remaining shares of common stock outstanding upon the closing of this offering are restricted securities as defined under Rule 144 of the Securities Act. Restricted securities may be sold in the U.S. public market only if registered or if they qualify for an exemption from registration, including by reason of Rule 144 or 701 under the Securities Act, which rules are summarized below. These remaining shares will generally become available for sale in the public market as follows: • restricted shares will be eligible for immediate sale upon the completion of this offering; • approximately restricted shares will be eligible for sale in the public market 90 days after the date of this prospectus, subject to the volume, manner of sale and other limitations under Rule 144 and Rule 701; and • approximately restricted shares will be eligible for sale in the public market upon expiration of lock-up agreements 180 days after the date of this prospectus, which date may be extended in specified circumstances, subject in certain circumstances to the volume, manner of sale and other limitations under Rule 144 and Rule 701. Additionally, of the 5,996,472 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options outstanding as of April 30, 2008, approximately shares will be vested and eligible for sale 180 days after the date of this prospectus. All of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants outstanding as of April 30, 2008, will be vested and may become eligible for sale beginning 180 days after the date of this prospectus. Rule 144 In general, under Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as in effect on the date of this prospectus, beginning 90 days after the date of this prospectus, a person who is not one of our affiliates at any time during the three months preceding a sale, and who has beneficially owned shares of our common stock to be sold for at least six months, would be entitled to sell an unlimited number of shares of our common stock, provided current public information about us is available. In addition, under Rule 144, a person who is not one of our affiliates at any time during the three months preceding a sale, and who has beneficially owned the shares of our common stock to be sold for at least one year, would be entitled to sell an unlimited number of shares immediately upon the closing of this offering without regard to whether current public information about us is available. Beginning 90 days after the date of this prospectus, our affiliates who have beneficially owned shares of our common stock for at least six months are entitled to sell within any three-month period a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of: • one percent of the number of shares of our common stock then outstanding, which will equal approximately shares immediately after this offering; and • the average weekly trading volume of our common stock on The NASDAQ Global Market during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. 117 Table of Contents Sales of restricted shares under Rule 144 by our affiliates are also subject to requirements regarding the manner of sale, notice and the availability of current public information about us. Rule 144 also provides that affiliates relying on Rule 144 to sell shares of our common stock that are not restricted shares must nonetheless comply with the same restrictions applicable to restricted shares, other than the holding period requirement. Notwithstanding the availability of Rule 144, the holders of substantially all of our restricted shares have entered into lock-up agreements as described below under “Underwriting” and their restricted shares will become eligible for sale at the expiration of the restrictions set forth in those agreements. Rule 701 Rule 701 under the Securities Act, as in effect on the date of this prospectus, permits resales of shares in reliance upon Rule 144 but without compliance with some of the restrictions of Rule 144, including the holding period requirement. Most of our employees, executive officers, directors or consultants who purchased shares under a written compensatory plan or contract may be entitled to rely on the resale provisions of Rule 701, but all holders of Rule 701 shares are required to wait until 90 days after the date of this prospectus before selling their shares under Rule 701. However, all of the Rule 701 shares are subject to lock-up agreements as described below and under “Underwriting” and will become eligible for sale at the expiration of the restrictions set forth in those agreements. Lock-up Agreements We, along with our directors, executive officers and substantially all of our other stockholders, optionholders and warrantholders, have agreed with the underwriters that, for a period of 180 days following the date of this prospectus, we or they will not offer, sell, assign, transfer, pledge, contract to sell or otherwise dispose of or hedge any shares of our common stock or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of common stock, subject to specified exceptions. Cowen and Company, LLC and Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC may, in their sole discretion, at any time without prior notice, release all or any portion of the shares from the restrictions in any such agreement. The 180-day restricted period described in the preceding paragraph will be extended if: • during the last 17 days of the 180-day restricted period we issue an earnings release or material news or a material event relating to us occurs and is publicly announced; or • prior to the expiration of the 180-day restricted period, we announce that we will release earnings results during the 16-day period beginning on the last day of the 180-day restricted period. In this case, the restrictions described in the preceding paragraph will continue to apply until the expiration of the 18-day period beginning on the issuance of the release of the material news or the occurrence of the material event. The lock-up agreements signed by our securityholders generally permit them, among other customary exceptions, to make bona fide gifts to their immediate family, to transfer securities to trusts for their or their immediate family’s benefit and, if the securityholder is a partnership, limited liability company or corporation, to transfer securities to its partners, members or stockholders. However, the recipients of these transfers must agree to be bound by the lock-up agreement for the remainder of the lock-up period. Registration Rights Upon the closing of this offering, the holders of an aggregate of shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase an aggregate of up to shares of our common stock will have the right to require us to 118 Table of Contents register their shares for resale under the Securities Act, beginning six months after the date of this prospectus. Registration of these shares for resale under the Securities Act would result in the shares becoming freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act immediately upon the effectiveness of such registration. Any sales of securities by these stockholders could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. These registration rights are described in more detail under the caption “Description of Capital Stock—Registration Rights.” Equity Incentive Plans As of April 30, 2008, we had outstanding options to purchase 5,996,472 shares of our common stock, of which options to purchase 2,376,771 shares were vested. We intend to file with the SEC one or more registration statements under the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock subject to outstanding stock options granted under our 2000 stock option plan, as well as the shares of common stock reserved for issuance under our 2008 equity incentive plan. We expect to file these registration statements as soon as practicable after the closing of this offering. These registration statements will become effective automatically upon filing. Accordingly, shares registered under these registration statements will be available for sale in the open market following their effective dates, subject to the volume and other limitations under Rule 144, other than the holding period, applicable to our affiliates and the lock-up agreements described above. 119 Table of Contents UNDERWRITING We and the underwriters for the offering named below have entered into an underwriting agreement with respect to the common stock being offered. Subject to the terms and conditions of the underwriting agreement, each underwriter has severally agreed to purchase from us the number of shares of our common stock set forth opposite its name below. Cowen and Company, LLC and Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC are the representatives of the underwriters. Underwriter Number of Shares Cowen and Company, LLC Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC Pacific Growth Equities, LLC Total The underwriting agreement provides that the obligations of the underwriters are conditional and may be terminated at their discretion based on their assessment of the state of the financial markets. The obligations of the underwriters may also be terminated upon the occurrence of the events specified in the underwriting agreement. The underwriters have agreed, severally and not jointly, to purchase all of the shares sold under the underwriting agreement if any of these shares are purchased, other than those shares covered by the overallotment option described below. If an underwriter defaults, the underwriting agreement provides that the purchase commitments of the non-defaulting underwriters may be increased or the underwriting agreement may be terminated. We have agreed to indemnify the underwriters against specified liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, and to contribute to payments the underwriters may be required to make in respect thereof. The underwriters are offering the shares, subject to prior sale, when, as and if issued to and accepted by them, subject to approval of legal matters by their counsel and other conditions specified in the underwriting agreement. The underwriters reserve the right to withdraw, cancel or modify offers to the public and to reject orders in whole or in part. Overallotment Option to Purchase Additional Shares. We have granted to the underwriters an option to purchase up to additional shares of common stock at the public offering price, less the underwriting discount. This option is exercisable for a period of 30 days. The underwriters may exercise this option solely for the purpose of covering overallotments, if any, made in connection with the sale of common stock offered hereby. To the extent that the underwriters exercise this option, the underwriters will purchase additional shares from us in approximately the same proportion as shown in the table above. Discounts and Commissions. The following table shows the public offering price, underwriting discount and proceeds, before expenses to us. These amounts are shown assuming both no exercise and full exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares. We estimate that the total expenses of the offering, excluding underwriting discount, will be approximately $ and are payable by us. Total Per Share Without Overallotment With Over Allotment Public offering price $ $ $ Underwriting discount Proceeds, before expenses, to us 120 Table of Contents The underwriters propose to offer the shares of common stock to the public at the public offering price set forth on the cover of this prospectus. The underwriters may offer the shares of common stock to securities dealers at the public offering price less a concession not in excess of $ per share. The underwriters may allow, and the dealers may reallow, a discount not in excess of $ per share to other dealers. If all of the shares are not sold at the public offering price, the underwriters may change the offering price and other selling terms. Discretionary Accounts. The underwriters do not intend to confirm sales of the shares to any accounts over which they have discretionary authority. Market Information. Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for shares of our common stock. The initial public offering price will be determined by negotiations between us and the representatives of the underwriters. In addition to prevailing market conditions, the factors to be considered in these negotiations will include: • the history of, and prospects for, our company and the industry in which we compete; • our past and present financial information; • an assessment of our management; • our past and present operations, and the prospects for, and timing of, our future revenues; • the present state of our development; • the above factors in relation to market values and various valuation measures of other companies engaged in activities similar to ours. An active trading market for the shares may not develop. It is also possible that after the offering the shares will not trade in the public market at or above the initial public offering price. We have applied for the quotation of our common stock on The NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol “ALDH.” Stabilization. In connection with this offering, the underwriters may engage in stabilizing transactions, overallotment transactions, syndicate covering transactions, penalty bids and purchases to cover positions created by short sales. • Stabilizing transactions permit bids to purchase shares of common stock so long as the stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum, and are engaged in for the purpose of preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of the common stock while the offering is in progress. • Overallotment transactions involve sales by the underwriters of shares of common stock in excess of the number of shares the underwriters are obligated to purchase. This creates a syndicate short position which may be either a covered short position or a naked short position. In a covered short position, the number of shares over-allotted by the underwriters is not greater than the number of shares that they may purchase in the overallotment option. In a naked short position, the number of shares involved is greater than the number of shares in the overallotment option. The underwriters may close out any short position by exercising their overallotment option and/or purchasing shares in the open market. • Syndicate covering transactions involve purchases of common stock in the open market after the distribution has been completed in order to cover syndicate short positions. In determining the source of shares to close out the short position, the underwriters will consider, among other things, the price of shares available for purchase in the open market as compared with the price at which they may purchase shares through exercise of the overallotment option. If the underwriters sell more shares than could be covered by exercise of the overallotment option and, therefore, have a naked short position, 121 Table of Contents the position can be closed out only by buying shares in the open market. A naked short position is more likely to be created if the underwriters are concerned that after pricing there could be downward pressure on the price of the shares in the open market that could adversely affect investors who purchase in the offering. • Penalty bids permit the representatives to reclaim a selling concession from a syndicate member when the common stock originally sold by that syndicate member is purchased in stabilizing or syndicate covering transactions to cover syndicate short positions. These stabilizing transactions, syndicate covering transactions and penalty bids may have the effect of raising or maintaining the market price of our common stock or preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of our common stock. As a result, the price of our common stock in the open market may be higher than it would otherwise be in the absence of these transactions. Neither we nor the underwriters make any representation or prediction as to the effect that the transactions described above may have on the price of our common stock. These transactions may be effected on The NASDAQ Global Market, in the over-the-counter market or otherwise and, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time. Lock-Up Agreements. Pursuant to certain “lock-up” agreements, we and our executive officers, directors and our other stockholders, have agreed, subject to certain exceptions, not to offer, sell, contract to sell, announce any intention to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of, enter into any swap or other agreement that transfers, in whole or in part, the economic consequence of ownership of, directly or indirectly, or file with the SEC a registration statement under the Securities Act relating to, any common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any common stock without the prior written consent of Cowen and Company, LLC and Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC, for a period of 180 days after the date of the pricing of the offering. The 180-day restricted period will be automatically extended if (i) during the last 17 days of the 180-day restricted period we issue an earnings release or material news or a material event relating to us occurs and is publicly announced or (ii) prior to the expiration of the 180-day restricted period, we announce that we will release earnings results or become aware that material news or a material event will occur during the 16-day period beginning on the last day of the 180-day restricted period, in either of which case the restrictions described above will continue to apply until the expiration of the 18-day period beginning on the issuance of the earnings release or the occurrence of the material news or material event. This lock-up provision applies to common stock and to securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for or repayable with common stock. It also applies to common stock owned now or acquired later by the person executing the agreement or for which the person executing the agreement later acquires the power of disposition. The exceptions permit us, among other things and subject to restrictions, to: (a) issue common stock or options pursuant to employee benefit plans, (b) issue common stock upon exercise of outstanding options or warrants, (c) issue securities in connection with the conversion of our preferred stock into common stock, or (d) file registration statements on Form S-8. The exceptions permit parties to the “lock-up” agreements, among other things and subject to restrictions, to: (a) make certain distributions to their partners or stockholders (b) enter into or modify 10b5-1 plans so long as no shares may be sold under such plans during the 180 day restricted period, (c) use the “net” exercise provisions of outstanding warrants for our common stock or (d) make certain gifts. In addition, the lock-up provision will not restrict broker-dealers from engaging in market making and similar activities conducted in the ordinary course of their business. United Kingdom. Each of the underwriters has represented and agreed that: • it has not made or will not make an offer of the securities to the public in the United Kingdom within the meaning of section 102B of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (FSMA) except to legal entities which are authorized or regulated to operate in the financial markets or, if not so authorized or regulated, whose corporate purpose is solely to invest in securities or otherwise in circumstances which do not require the publication by us of a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Rules of the Financial Services Authority (FSA); 122 Table of Contents • it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of FSMA) to persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 or in circumstances in which section 21 of FSMA does not apply to us; and • it has complied with and will comply with all applicable provisions of FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to the securities in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. Switzerland. The securities will not be offered, directly or indirectly, to the public in Switzerland and this prospectus does not constitute a public offering prospectus as that term is understood pursuant to article 652a or 1156 of the Swiss Federal Code of Obligations. European Economic Area. In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (Iceland, Norway and Lichtenstein in addition to the member states of the European Union) that has implemented the Prospectus Directive (each, a Relevant Member State), each underwriter has represented and agreed that with effect from and including the date on which the Prospectus Directive is implemented in that Relevant Member State (the Relevant Implementation Date) it has not made and will not make an offer of the securities to the public in that Relevant Member State prior to the publication of a prospectus in relation to the securities that has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant Member State, all in accordance with the Prospectus Directive, except that it may, with effect from and including the Relevant Implementation Date, make an offer of the securities to the public in that Relevant Member State at any time: • to legal entities which are authorized or regulated to operate in the financial markets or, if not so authorized or regulated, whose corporate purpose is solely to invest in securities; • to any legal entity which has two or more of (1) an average of at least 250 employees during the last financial year; (2) a total balance sheet of more than €43,000,000 and (3) an annual net turnover of more than €50,000,000, as shown in its last annual or consolidated accounts; • in any other circumstances which do not require the publication by the issuer of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Directive. Each person in a Relevant Member State who receives any communication in respect of, or who acquires any securities under, the offer contemplated in this prospectus will be deemed to have represented, warranted and agreed to and with us and each underwriter that: • it is a qualified investor within the meaning of the law in that Relevant Member State implementing Article 2(1)(e) of the Prospectus Directive; and • in the case of any securities acquired by it as a financial intermediary, as that term is used in Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Directive, (1) the securities acquired by it in the offer have not been acquired on behalf of, nor have they been acquired with a view to their offer or resale to, persons in any Relevant Member State other than qualified investors, as that term is defined in the Prospectus Directive, or in circumstances in which the prior consent of the representatives of the underwriters has been given to the offer or resale; or (2) where securities have been acquired by it on behalf of persons in any Relevant Member State other than qualified investors, the offer of those securities to it is not treated under the Prospectus Directive as having been made to such persons. For the purposes of the provisions in the two immediately preceding paragraphs, the expression an “offer of the securities to the public” in relation to the securities in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the securities, as the same may be varied in that Relevant Member State by any measure implementing the Prospectus Directive in that Relevant Member State, and the expression “Prospectus Directive” means Directive 2003/71/EC and includes any relevant implementing measure in each Relevant Member State. 123 Table of Contents United Arab Emirates . This document has not been reviewed, approved or licensed by the Central Bank of the United Arab Emirates (the “UAE”), Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority or any other relevant licensing authority in the UAE including any licensing authority incorporated under the laws and regulations of any of the free zones established and operating in the territory of the UAE, in particular the Dubai International Financial Services Authority (the “DFSA”), a regulatory authority of the Dubai International Financial Centre (the “DIFC”). The issue of shares of common stock does not constitute a public offer of securities in the UAE, DIFC and/or any other free zone in accordance with the Commercial Companies law, Federal Law No. 8 of 1984 (as amended), DFSA Offered Securities Rules and the Dubai International Financial Exchange Listing Rules, accordingly or otherwise. The shares of common stock may not be offered to the public in the UAE and/or any of the free zones including, in particular, the DIFC. The shares of common stock may be offered and this document may be issued, only to a limited number of investors in the UAE or any of its free zones (including, in particular, the DIFC) who qualify as sophisticated investors under the relevant laws and regulations of the UAE or the free zone concerned. Management of the company, and the representatives represent and warrant the shares of common stock will not be offered, sold, transferred or delivered to the public in the UAE or any of its free zones, in particular the, the DIFC. Electronic Offer, Sale and Distribution of Shares. A prospectus in electronic format may be made available on the websites maintained by one or more of the underwriters or selling group members, if any, participating in this offering and one or more of the underwriters participating in this offering may distribute prospectuses electronically. The representatives may agree to allocate a number of shares to underwriters and selling group members for sale to their online brokerage account holders. Internet distributions will be allocated by the underwriters and selling group members that will make internet distributions on the same basis as other allocations. Other than the prospectus in electronic format, the information on these websites is not part of this prospectus or the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, has not been approved or endorsed by us or any underwriter in its capacity as underwriter, and should not be relied upon by investors. 124 Table of Contents LEGAL MATTERS The validity of the shares of common stock being offered by this prospectus will be passed upon for us by Cooley Godward Kronish LLP, Reston, Virginia. The underwriters are being represented by Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP, New York, New York. EXPERTS Ernst & Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, has audited our financial statements at December 31, 2006 and 2007, and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2007 and for the period from March 3, 2000 (inception) through December 31, 2007, as set forth in their report. We have included our financial statements in the prospectus and elsewhere in the registration statement in reliance on Ernst & Young LLP’s report, given on their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION We have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act, with respect to the shares of common stock being offered by this prospectus. This prospectus does not contain all of the information in the registration statement and its exhibits. For further information with respect to Aldagen and the common stock offered by this prospectus, we refer you to the registration statement and its exhibits. Statements contained in this prospectus as to the contents of any contract or any other document referred to are not necessarily complete, and in each instance, we refer you to the copy of the contract or other document filed as an exhibit to the registration statement. Each of these statements is qualified in all respects by this reference. You can read our SEC filings, including the registration statement, over the Internet at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov . You may also read and copy any document we file with the SEC at its public reference facilities at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may also obtain copies of these documents at prescribed rates by writing to the Public Reference Section of the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the operation of the public reference facilities. Upon completion of this offering, we will be subject to the information reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and we will file reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. These reports, proxy statements and other information will be available for inspection and copying at the public reference room and web site of the SEC referred to above. We also maintain a website at www.aldagen.com , at which you may access these materials free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The information contained in, or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of, and is not incorporated into, this prospectus. 125 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2006 and 2007 F-3 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2005, 2006 and 2007 and for the period from March 3, 2000 (inception) through December 31, 2007 F-4 Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders’ Deficit F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2005, 2006 and 2007 and for the period from March 3, 2000 (inception) through December 31, 2007 F-8 Notes to Financial Statements F-9 F-1 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and Stockholders Aldagen, Inc. We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Aldagen, Inc. (a development stage company) as of December 31, 2006 and 2007, and the related statements of operations, redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders’ deficit, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2007 and for the period from March 3, 2000 (inception) through December 31, 2007. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. We were not engaged to perform an audit of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Aldagen, Inc. (a development stage company) at December 31, 2006 and 2007, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2007 and for the period from March 3, 2000 (inception) through December 31, 2007, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, effective July 1, 2005, Aldagen, Inc. adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Staff Position No. 150-5, Issuer’s Accounting under Statement No. 150 for Freestanding Warrants and Other Similar Instruments on Shares that are Redeemable and effective January 1, 2006, the Company changed its method of accounting for share-based compensation in accordance with guidance provided in FASB Statement No. 123(R), Share-Based Payment . Ernst & Young LLP Raleigh, North Carolina May 7, 2008 The foregoing report is in the form that will be signed upon the completion of the reverse stock split described in Note 11 to the financial statements. /s/ Ernst & Young LLP Raleigh, North Carolina May 7, 2008 F-2 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2006 2007 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 6,750,792 $ 7,512,689 Accounts receivable 31,321 55,567 Other receivables 18,595 84,909 Prepaid expenses and other assets 77,226 117,216 Inventories, net 53,888 18,011 Total current assets 6,931,822 7,788,392 Property and equipment, net 670,353 912,424 Other assets 17,906 9,256 Total assets $ 7,620,081 $ 8,710,072 Liabilities, redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders’ deficit Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 178,970 $ 122,973 Accrued expenses 810,148 1,157,518 Deferred rent 46,471 144,905 Capital lease obligations, current portion 9,906 15,701 Notes payable, current portion 78,449 64,882 Total current liabilities 1,123,944 1,505,979 Preferred stock warrant liability 625,175 772,695 Capital lease obligations, less current portion 4,986 52,067 Notes payable, less current portion 3,000,000 3,175,285 Total liabilities 4,754,105 5,506,026 Commitments and contingencies Junior Preferred redeemable convertible preferred stock, $0.001 par value; 14,963,785 shares authorized, 14,515,000 shares issued and outstanding, and aggregate liquidation value of $14,515,000 at December 31, 2006 and 2007 8,347,968 9,383,371 Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock, $0.001 par value; 34,742,000 and 31,889,058 shares authorized at December 31, 2006 and 2007, respectively; 15,124,951 and 24,742,979 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2006 and 2007, respectively; aggregate liquidation value of $11,048,955 and $19,099,892 at December 31, 2006 and 2007, respectively 10,921,569 18,909,883 Stockholders’ deficit: Common stock, $0.001 par value; 80,000,000 shares authorized; 3,411,000 and 3,619,747 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2006 and 2007, respectively 3,411 3,620 Deficit accumulated during the development stage (16,406,972 ) (25,092,828 ) Total stockholders’ deficit (16,403,561 ) (25,089,208 ) Total liabilities, redeemable convertible preferred stock, and stockholders’ deficit $ 7,620,081 $ 8,710,072 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Year Ended December 31, Period from March 3, 2000 (inception) through December 31, 2007 2005 2006 2007 Revenues: Grant revenue $ — $ — $ — $ 109,485 Product sales, net 59,285 105,299 210,780 519,409 Total revenues 59,285 105,299 210,780 628,894 Operating expenses: Cost of product sales 17,698 45,862 75,483 182,678 Research and development 2,846,176 3,238,795 4,841,435 21,558,805 Selling, general and administrative 1,120,515 1,058,642 1,761,002 8,172,121 Total operating expenses 3,984,389 4,343,299 6,677,920 29,913,604 Loss from operations (3,925,104 ) (4,238,000 ) (6,467,140 ) (29,284,710 ) Other income (expense): Interest expense, net (1,743,619 ) (1,630,099 ) (86,786 ) (3,807,706 ) Other income (expense), net 4,574 91,922 (147,520 ) (46,107 ) Total other expense (1,739,045 ) (1,538,177 ) (234,306 ) (3,853,813 ) Loss before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle (5,664,149 ) (5,776,177 ) (6,701,446 ) (33,138,523 ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle (1,469,856 ) — — (1,469,856 ) Net loss (7,134,005 ) (5,776,177 ) (6,701,446 ) (34,608,379 ) Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock (1,213,974 ) (1,222,435 ) (2,119,421 ) (7,381,009 ) Gain on exchange of redeemable convertible preferred stock — 14,517,817 — 14,517,817 Beneficial conversion feature — — — (127,500 ) Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders $ (8,347,979 ) $ 7,519,205 $ (8,820,867 ) $ (27,599,071 ) (Loss) income per common share: Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle $ (0.48 ) $ — $ — Net (loss) income per share allocable to common stockholders— basic $ (2.72 ) $ 0.56 $ (2.53 ) Net (loss) income per share allocable to common stockholders— diluted $ (2.72 ) $ 0.32 $ (2.53 ) Shares used to compute net (loss) income per share allocable to common stockholders— basic 3,065,795 3,411,000 3,487,396 Shares used to compute net (loss) income per share allocable to common stockholders— diluted 3,065,795 5,918,171 3,487,396 Pro Forma (Unaudited): Pro forma basic and diluted net loss per common share $ (0.23 ) Weighted average shares used in computation of basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders 3,487,396 Pro forma adjustments to reflect assumed conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock 34,517,853 Weighted average shares used to compute pro forma basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders 38,005,249 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) STATEMENTS OF REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Stockholders’ Deficit Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Junior Preferred Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Deficit Accumulated During the Development Stage Total Stockholders’ Deficit Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at March 3, 2000 (inception) — $ — — $ — — $ — — $ — — $ — $ — $ — $ — Issuance of restricted common stock to founders at $0.001 per share for cash in April 2000 — — — — — — — — 900,000 900 — — 900 Issuance of common stock to consultants at $0.001 per share for services in April 2000 — — — — — — — — 111,000 111 — — 111 Issuance of restricted common stock to employees at $0.01 per share for cash in September 2000 — — — — — — — — 600,000 600 5,400 — 6,000 Issuance of common stock for technology and services at fair value — — — — — — — — 300,000 300 29,700 — 30,000 Issuance of Series A redeemable convertible preferred stock for cash at $1.00 per share in October 2000, net of issuance costs of $24,971 3,000,000 2,975,029 — — — — — — — — — — — Revaluation of restricted stock to founders — — — — — — — — — — 5,000 — 5,000 Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock — 48,657 — — — — — — — — (40,100 ) (8,557 ) (48,657 ) Net loss from March 3, 2000 (inception) through December 31, 2000 — — — — — — — — — — — (275,472 ) (275,472 ) Balance at December 31, 2000 3,000,000 3,023,686 — — — — — — 1,911,000 1,911 — (284,029 ) (282,118 ) Issuance of Series A redeemable convertible preferred stock at $1.00 per share for cash in January and December 2001, net of issuance costs of $32,789 3,000,000 2,967,211 — — — — — — — — — — — Issuance of preferred stock warrants — — — — — — — — — — 33,721 — 33,721 Issuance of common stock options to consultants for services at fair value — — — — — — — — — — 735 — 735 Revaluation of restricted stock to founders — — — — — — — — — — 30,000 — 30,000 Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock — 331,997 — — — — — — — — (64,456 ) (267,541 ) (331,997 ) Net loss — — — — — — — — — — — (1,988,196 ) (1,988,196 ) Balance at December 31, 2001 6,000,000 6,322,894 — — — — — — 1,911,000 1,911 — (2,539,766 ) (2,537,855 ) Issuance of preferred stock warrants — — — — — — — — — — 127,500 — 127,500 Beneficial conversion feature of 2002 Bridge notes — — — — — — — — — — 127,500 — 127,500 Issuance of common stock options to consultants for services at fair value — — — — — — — — — — 2,081 — 2,081 Revaluation of restricted stock to founders — — — — — — — — — — 60,270 — 60,270 Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock — 489,821 — — — — — — — — (317,351 ) (172,470 ) (489,821 ) Net loss — — — — — — — — — — — (3,572,625 ) (3,572,625 ) Balance at December 31, 2002 6,000,000 $ 6,812,715 — $ — — $ — — $ — 1,911,000 $ 1,911 $ — $ (6,284,861 ) $ (6,282,950 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) STATEMENTS OF REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT (Continued) Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Stockholders’ Deficit Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Junior Preferred Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Deficit Accumulated During the Development Stage Total Stockholders’ Deficit Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2002 6,000,000 $ 6,812,715 — $ — — $ — — $ — 1,911,000 $ 1,911 $ — $ (6,284,861 ) $ (6,282,950 ) Issuance of preferred stock warrants — — — — — — — — — — 10,755 — 10,755 Conversion of bridge notes and accrued interest into redeemable convertible preferred stock in March 2003 — — 761,833 761,833 — — — — — — — — — Issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock in March and December 2003, net of issuance costs of $69,526 — — 5,497,544 5,428,018 — — — — — — — — — Revaluation of restricted stock to founders — — — — — — — — — — 45,000 — 45,000 Issuance of common stock options to consultants for services at fair value — — — — — — — — — — 14,229 — 14,229 Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock — 487,572 — 347,342 — — — — — — (69,984 ) (764,930 ) (834,914 ) Net loss — — — — — — — — — — — (4,505,763 ) (4,505,763 ) Balance at December 31, 2003 6,000,000 7,300,287 6,259,377 6,537,193 — — — — 1,911,000 1,911 — (11,555,554 ) (11,553,643 ) Issuance of preferred stock warrants — — — — — — — — — — 8,010 — 8,010 Issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock in May, August and November 2004, net of issuance costs of $16,993 — — 3,755,623 3,738,630 — — — — — — — — — Issuance of common stock options to consultants for services at fair value — — — — — — — — — — 8,523 — 8,523 Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock — 487,581 — 632,209 — — — — — — (16,533 ) (1,103,257 ) (1,119,790 ) Net loss — — — — — — — — — — — (4,654,695 ) (4,654,695 ) Balance at December 31, 2004 6,000,000 7,787,868 10,015,000 10,908,032 — — — — 1,911,000 1,911 — (17,313,506 ) (17,311,595 ) Issuance of preferred stock warrants — — — — — — — — — — 1,282,271 — 1,282,271 Conversion of Series B reedemable convertible preferred stock into common stock in March 2005 — — (1,500,000 ) (1,500,000 ) — — — — 1,500,000 1,500 1,498,500 — 1,500,000 Elimination of preferred stock dividends upon conversion to common stock — — — (169,685 ) — — — — — — 169,685 — 169,685 Establishment of FAS 150 preferred stock warrant liability — — — — — — — — — — (1,282,271 ) — (1,282,271 ) Issuance of common stock options to consultants for services at fair value — — — — — — — — — — 45,975 — 45,975 Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock — 487,516 — 726,458 — — — — — — (1,213,974 ) — (1,213,974 ) Net loss — — — — — — — — — — — (7,134,005 ) (7,134,005 ) Balance at December 31, 2005 6,000,000 $ 8,275,384 8,515,000 $ 9,964,805 — $ — — $ — 3,411,000 $ 3,411 $ 500,186 $ (24,447,511 ) $ (23,943,914 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) STATEMENTS OF REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT (Continued) Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Stockholders’ Deficit Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Junior Preferred Series C Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Deficit Accumulated During the Development Stage Total Stockholders’ Deficit Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2005 6,000,000 $ 8,275,384 8,515,000 $ 9,964,805 — $ — — $ — 3,411,000 $ 3,411 $ 500,186 $ (24,447,511 ) $ (23,943,914 ) Share-based compensation expense — — — — — — — — — — 21,148 — 21,148 Conversion of bridge notes and accrued interest into redeemable convertible preferred stock in December 2006 — — — — — — 5,951,801 4,331,720 — — — — — Issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock in December 2006, net of issuance costs of $127,386 — — — — — — 9,131,243 6,518,333 — — — — — Issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock in December 2006 for consulting services at fair value — — — — — — 41,907 30,500 — — — — — Exchange of Series A and B redeemable convertible preferred stock to Junior Preferred redeemable convertible preferred stock in December 2006 (6,000,000 ) (8,741,917 ) (8,515,000 ) (10,634,303 ) 14,515,000 8,302,580 — — — — — — — Gain on redemption of certain preferred stock, warrants, and other securities — — — — — — — — — — — 14,517,817 14,517,817 Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock — 466,533 — 669,498 — 45,388 — 41,016 — — (521,334 ) (701,101 ) (1,222,435 ) Net loss — — — — — — — — — — — (5,776,177 ) (5,776,177 ) Balance at December 31, 2006 — — — — 14,515,000 8,347,968 15,124,951 10,921,569 3,411,000 3,411 — (16,406,972 ) (16,403,561 ) Share-based compensation expense — — — — — — — — — — 93,471 93,471 Issuance of common stock in July and August 2007 upon exercise of stock options at $0.20 per share for cash — — — — — — — — 208,747 209 41,540 — 41,749 Issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock in September 2007, net of issuance costs of $95,705 — — — — — — 9,618,028 6,904,296 — — — — — Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock — — — — — 1,035,403 — 1,084,018 — — (135,011 ) (1,984,410 ) (2,119,421 ) Net loss — — — — — — — — — — — (6,701,446 ) (6,701,446 ) Balance at December 31, 2007 — $ — — $ — 14,515,000 $ 9,383,371 24,742,979 $ 18,909,883 3,619,747 $ 3,620 $ — $ (25,092,828 ) $ (25,089,208 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-7 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended December 31, Period from March 3, 2000 (inception) through December 31, 2007 2005 2006 2007 Operating Activities Net loss $ (7,134,005 ) $ (5,776,177 ) $ (6,701,446 ) $ (34,608,379 ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 291,010 276,984 311,809 1,645,809 Loss (gain) on disposal of equipment 30,782 427 (2,754 ) 27,087 Non-cash interest expense 1,728,499 1,465,097 1,564 3,494,392 Write-down of inventories — 12,000 22,413 56,413 Share-based compensation to consultants and employees 45,975 51,648 93,471 356,932 Stock issued for technology license and services — — — 30,000 Change in value of preferred stock warrant liability including cumulative effect of change in accounting principle 1,465,282 (191,255 ) 147,520 1,421,545 Loss on debt extinguishment — 99,333 — 99,333 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable (5,726 ) (41,516 ) (90,560 ) (55,567 ) Prepaid expenses and other assets 32,006 (29,082 ) (31,340 ) (211,381 ) Inventories 17,896 8,111 13,464 (74,424 ) Accounts payable 17,863 37,521 (55,997 ) 122,973 Accrued expenses (133,866 ) 721,486 347,370 1,157,518 Deferred rent (16,199 ) (31,168 ) 98,434 144,905 Net cash used in operating activities (3,660,483 ) (3,396,591 ) (5,846,052 ) (26,392,844 ) Investing activities Proceeds from sale of equipment 14,000 — 22,000 44,281 Purchase of property and equipment (8,926 ) (11,395 ) (501,621 ) (2,354,216 ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 5,074 (11,395 ) (479,621 ) (2,309,935 ) Financing activities Proceeds from notes payable 3,862,011 2,990,500 260,000 9,325,340 Repayment of notes payable (252,238 ) (257,505 ) (99,846 ) (1,482,661 ) Payments on capital lease obligations (12,872 ) (8,877 ) (18,629 ) (207,487 ) Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock, net of issuance costs — 6,518,333 6,904,296 28,531,517 Proceeds from issuance of common stock — — 41,749 48,759 Net cash provided by financing activities 3,596,901 9,242,451 7,087,570 36,215,468 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents (58,508 ) 5,834,465 761,897 7,512,689 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 974,835 916,327 6,750,792 — Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $ 916,327 $ 6,750,792 $ 7,512,689 $ 7,512,689 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest $ 34,374 $ 171,672 $ 288,208 $ 583,614 Non-cash investing and financing activities: Conversion of bridge notes and accrued interest into redeemable convertible preferred stock $ — $ 4,331,720 $ — $ 5,093,553 Acquisition of property and equipment under capital leases $ 15,500 $ 9,431 $ 71,505 $ 275,255 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-8 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 1. Description of Company Aldagen, Inc. (Aldagen or the Company) was incorporated in the State of Delaware on March 3, 2000 as Stemco Biomedical, Inc. and changed its name to Aldagen, Inc. in November 2005. Aldagen is a biopharmaceutical company developing proprietary regenerative cell therapies that target significant unmet medical needs. The Company has developed a proprietary technology that allows it to isolate active adult stem cells that express high levels of an enzyme known as aldehyde dehydrogenase, or ALDH, which the Company refers to as ALDH-bright, or ALDH br , cells. The Company’s product candidates consist of specific populations of adult stem cells that it isolates using its proprietary technology. The Company operates as a single reportable segment. The Company has the following four product candidates in clinical trials: ALD-101—To accelerate platelet and neutrophil engraftment following cord blood transplants used to treat inherited metabolic diseases in pediatric patients. ALD-151—To accelerate platelet and neutrophil engraftment following cord blood transplants used to treat leukemia. ALD-301—To treat critical limb ischemia. ALD-201—To treat ischemic heart failure. Since inception, the Company has commercialized the following products: ALDEFLUOR ® —An enzyme-based assay which detects stem and progenitor cells based on their high level of expression of ALDH. ALDEFLUOR ® has been sold since 2003 through a third-party distributor. ALDECOUNT ® —a FDA-approved in vitro diagnostic use-product for the identification and enumeration of ALDH br cells by flow cytometry. ALDECOUNT ® has been sold since 2004 through a third-party distributor. Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Board (SFAS) No. 7, Accounting and Reporting by Development Stage Enterprises , states that an enterprise shall be considered to be in the development stage if either planned principal operations have not commenced or planned principal operations have commenced but there has been no significant revenue therefrom. The Company’s operations since inception have consisted primarily of organizing the Company, research and development of product technologies and securing financing. Product sales of ALDEFLUOR ® and ALDECOUNT ® were $519,409 from March 3, 2000 (inception) through December 31, 2007. Accordingly, the Company will remain a development stage company until such time as significant revenues have been generated from the sale of the Company’s product candidates or a significant collaboration is entered into with a third party. The Company has incurred losses since its inception and expects to incur substantial additional development costs. As a result, the Company will require substantial additional funds and will continue to seek private or public equity or debt financing, research funding and revenue or expense sharing from collaborative agreements to meet its capital requirements. If such funds are not available, management may need to reassess its business F-9 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) plans. Even if the Company does not have an immediate need for additional cash, it may seek access to the private or public equity markets if and when conditions are favorable. There is no assurance that such additional funds will be available for the Company to finance its operations on acceptable terms, if at all. 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company invests its available cash balances in bank deposits and money market funds. The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity date of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash, cash equivalents, accounts receivable and other receivables. The Company’s cash is held by one financial institution. The Company invests cash not currently used for operating purposes in money market funds. The Company is exposed to credit risk, subject to federal deposit insurance, in the event of default by the financial institutions holding its cash and cash equivalents to the extent of amounts recorded on the balance sheets. Accounts receivable consists of trade receivables from product sales. Other receivables result from sales of capital equipment and landlord-reimbursable leasehold improvements. As of December 31, 2006 and 2007, the Company’s wholesale distributor for ALDEFLUOR ® and ALDECOUNT ® accounted for 95% and 97%, respectively, of the Company’s trade accounts receivable. The Company’s credit policies include establishment of provisions for potential credit losses. Since inception, the Company has not experienced significant credit losses on its accounts receivable or other receivables. As of December 31, 2006 and 2007, no allowance for doubtful accounts was considered necessary by management. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and assumptions believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ from the estimates and assumptions used. Fair Value of Financial Instruments Financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, other receivables, accounts payable, notes payable, capital leases and preferred stock warrants. The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, other receivables and accounts payable approximate their fair values due to the short-term nature of such instruments. The carrying amounts of borrowings under the Company’s debt facilities approximate their fair values as of December 31, 2006 and 2007, based on the determination that the stated rates on such debt are consistent with current interest rates for similar borrowing arrangements available to the Company. The carrying amounts of preferred stock warrant liabilities are revalued and adjusted at the end of each reporting period to reflect their fair value using the Black-Scholes valuation model. F-10 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Inventories Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined by using the first-in, first-out method for all inventory transactions. The Company’s policy is to record a valuation allowance for inventory that has become obsolete, has a cost basis in excess of net realizable value or is in excess of forecasted demand. As of December 31, 2006 and 2007, no inventory valuation allowance was considered necessary by management. Property and Equipment Property and equipment are recorded at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets, usually three to seven years. The costs of leasehold improvements and equipment under capital leases that do not transfer ownership are amortized over the life of the lease or the useful economic life of the asset, whichever is shorter. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Long-Lived Assets The Company periodically assesses the impairment of long-lived assets in accordance with SFAS No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets. The Company reviews long-lived assets, including property and equipment, for impairment whenever changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be fully recoverable. Since inception, the Company has not recorded any such impairment. Revenue Recognition The Company’s recognizes revenue in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission’s (SEC) Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101, Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements , as amended by SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104, Revenue Recognition (SAB 104). Grant revenues from cost-reimbursement contracts for research and development activities are recorded in the period in which the related costs are incurred. Grant revenues from fixed fee contracts are recorded using a proportional performance method based on the level of services provided. Direct costs associated with grant contracts are reported as incurred in research and development expense. During 2002, the Company was awarded a government grant of $109,485 to fund research and development activities. All grant revenue was recognized during the years ended December 31, 2002 and 2003 and is reflected in grant revenue for the period from March 3, 2000 (inception) through December 31, 2007. Revenues from product sales are recorded when all of the SAB 104 criteria are met, which typically occurs at the time of shipment of the product to customers, as title and risk of loss are transferred upon shipment. Revenues from product sales are recorded net of applicable distributor discounts. In May 2005, the Company executed an exclusive distribution agreement under which the distributor sells ALDEFLUOR ® . Product revenues attributable to ALDEFLUOR ® for the years ended December 31, 2005, 2006 and 2007 and for the period from March 3, 2000 (inception) through December 31, 2007 were $58,835, $100,259, $197,100, and $499,339, respectively. F-11 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) The Company also sells ALDECOUNT ® under a non-exclusive distribution agreement that was executed in November 2006. Product revenues attributable to ALDECOUNT ® for the years ended December 31, 2005, 2006 and 2007 and for the period from March 3, 2000 (inception) through December 31, 2007 were $450, $5,040, $13,680, and $20,070, respectively. Research and Development The Company expenses research and development costs for its own research and development activities as incurred. Research and development costs include personnel-related expenses, patent expenses, allocations of research-related overhead costs for facilities, operational support and insurance, costs of manufacturing product candidates for clinical trial activities and costs paid to third parties to conduct clinical trials. The Company accrues for costs incurred by external service providers, including contract research organization and clinical investigators, based on its estimates of service performed and costs incurred. These estimates include the level of services performed by the third parties, patient enrollment in clinical trials, administrative costs incurred by the third parties, and other indicators of the services completed. Based on the timing of amounts invoiced by service providers, the Company may also record payments made to those providers as prepaid expenses that will be recognized as expense in future periods as the related services are rendered. Deferred Rent The Company recognizes rent expense on a straight-line basis over the non-cancelable term of its operating lease and records the difference between cash rent payments and the recognition of rent expense as a deferred rent liability. The Company also records landlord-funded lease incentives, such as reimbursable leasehold improvements, as a deferred rent liability, which is amortized as a reduction of rent expense over the non-cancelable term of its operating lease. The Company’s deferred rent liability as of December 31, 2006 and 2007 was $46,471 and $144,905, respectively. Share-Based Compensation Prior to January 1, 2006, the Company accounted for employee share-based compensation arrangements using the intrinsic value method in accordance with the recognition and measurement provisions of Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB) No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees , and related interpretations as permitted by SFAS No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation . In accordance with APB No. 25, share-based compensation for employees is based on the excess, if any, of the fair value of the Company’s common stock over the exercise price of a stock option on the date of the grant. Accordingly, prior to January 1, 2006, the Company did not recognize compensation cost for employee stock options, as all such options had an exercise price equal to at least the fair value of the underlying common stock on the date of the grant, as determined by the Company’s board of directors. Effective January 1, 2006, the Company adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 123(R), Share-Based Payment (SFAS 123R). SFAS 123R revises SFAS No. 123, as amended, and supersedes APB No. 25. Under SFAS 123R, share-based awards, including stock options, are recorded at their fair value as of the grant date and recognized to expense on a straight-line basis over the employee’s requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period of the award. Share-based compensation expense is based on awards ultimately expected to vest, and therefore the recorded expense includes an estimate of future forfeitures. SFAS 123R requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. The Company adopted the provisions of SFAS 123R using the prospective transition method. F-12 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Under this method, the provisions of SFAS 123R apply to all awards granted or modified after January 1, 2006. Awards outstanding at January 1, 2006 continue to be accounted for using the accounting principles originally applied to the award. As a result of adopting SFAS 123R on January 1, 2006, the net income attributable to common stockholders for the year ended December 31, 2006 was $21,148 lower than if the Company had continued to account for the share-based compensation under APB No. 25. The Company has not recognized any tax benefits related to share-based compensation costs since its inception. The Company accounts for equity instruments issued to nonemployees in accordance with the provisions of Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) Issue No. 96-18, Accounting for Equity Instruments That Are Issued to Other Than Employees for Acquiring, or in Conjunction with Selling, Goods or Services, using a fair value approach. The Company values equity instruments, stock options and warrants granted to lenders and consultants using the Black-Scholes valuation model. The measurement of nonemployee share-based compensation is subject to periodic adjustments as the underlying equity instruments vest and is recognized as an expense over the term of the related financing or the period over which services are received. In connection with the issuance of share-based common stock awards to nonemployees, the Company recorded share-based compensation within stockholders’ deficit totaling $45,975 and $211,813 for the year ended December 31, 2005 and for the period from March 3, 2000 (inception) through December 31, 2007, respectively. No equity instruments, options, or warrants were issued to nonemployees during the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2007. The following table shows the weighted-average assumptions used to compute share-based compensation expense for options granted to nonemployees during the year ended December 31, 2005 using the Black-Scholes valuation model. Dividend yield 0 % Volatility 75 % Risk-free interest rate 4.36 % Expected life (in years) 8.30 The weighted-average grant date fair value per share of nonemployee stock options granted during the year ended December 31, 2005 was $0.15. The following table shows the weighted-average assumptions used to compute the grant date fair value of stock options granted to employees using the Black-Scholes valuation model during the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2007. No stock options were issued to employees during the year ended December 31, 2005. Year Ended December 31, 2006 2007 Dividend yield 0 % 0 % Volatility 78 % 68 % Risk-free interest rate 4.75 % 4.38 % Expected life (in years) 6.25 6.08 The weighted-average grant date fair value per share of employee stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2007 was $0.14 and $0.19, respectively. F-13 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) The assumed dividend yield is based on the Company’s expectation of not paying dividends in the foreseeable future. Due to limited historical data, the Company’s estimated stock price volatility reflects application of SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107 (SAB 107), which provides for an estimate of volatility based on the actual volatility of comparable publicly traded companies over the expected life of the option. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve during the expected life of the option. The expected life of employee stock options is based on the mid-point between the vesting date and the end of the contractual term in accordance with the simplified method prescribed in SAB 107, and the expected life for share-based compensation granted to nonemployees is the contractual term of the award. The Company recognized non-cash share-based compensation expense to employees in its research and development and selling, general and administrative functions as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2006 2007 Research and development $ 615 $ 14,751 Selling, general and administrative 20,533 78,720 Total share-based compensation $ 21,148 $ 93,471 Preferred Stock Warrant Liability Effective July 1, 2005, the Company adopted the provisions of Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Staff Position (FSP) No. 150-5, Issuer’s Accounting under Statement No. 150 for Freestanding Warrants and Other Similar Instruments on Shares that are Redeemable , an interpretation of SFAS No. 150, Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Both Liabilities and Equity . Pursuant to FSP No. 150-5, freestanding warrants for shares that are either putable or warrants for shares that are redeemable are classified as liabilities on the balance sheet at fair value. At the end of each reporting period, changes in fair value during the period are recorded as a component of other income or expense. Prior to July 1, 2005, the Company accounted for warrants to purchase preferred stock as equity under Accounting Principles Board (APB) Opinion No. 14, Accounting for Convertible Debt and Debt Issued with Stock Purchase Warrants . Upon adoption of FSP No. 150-5 on July 1, 2005, the Company reclassified $1,469,856, the fair value of the outstanding warrants to purchase shares of its redeemable convertible preferred stock from stockholders’ deficit to a liability and recorded a cumulative effect of the change in accounting principle. During the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2006, the Company recorded $4,574 and $191,255, respectively, as other income to reflect the decrease in fair value of all preferred stock warrants. For the year ended December 31, 2007, the Company recorded $147,520 as other expense for the increase in fair value of all preferred stock warrants. The Company will continue to adjust the preferred stock warrant liability for changes in fair value until the earlier of the exercise of all of the warrants to purchase shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock or the completion of an initial public offering in which all shares of convertible preferred stock are converted to shares of common stock, at which time these liabilities will be reclassified to stockholders’ (deficit) equity, because the warrants to purchase convertible preferred stock would be converted to warrants to purchase common stock. Other Income and Expense Interest income for the years ended December 31, 2005, 2006 and 2007 and for the period from March 3, 2000 (inception) through December 31, 2007 was $19,254, $6,670, $202,986, and $375,458, respectively. F-14 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Interest expense consists of interest relating to the Company’s capital lease obligations and loan balances and the amortization of debt discounts and debt issuance costs. The Company’s debt discounts represent the initial value of warrants issued in connection with promissory notes and any related beneficial conversion features associated with the debt. Interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2005, 2006, 2007 and for the period from March 3, 2000 (inception) through December 31, 2007 was $1,762,873, $1,636,769, $289,772, and $4,183,164, respectively. Other income and expense consists primarily of changes in the fair value of the Company’s preferred stock warrant liability and charges associated with the extinguishment of debt. Income Taxes The Company utilizes the liability method of accounting for income taxes as required by SFAS No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes and interpreted by FASB Interpretation No. 48, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes—an interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109 . Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between the financial and tax reporting bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to amounts expected to be realized. The Company has incurred operating losses from March 3, 2000 (inception) through December 31, 2007 and therefore has not recorded any current provision for income taxes. (Loss) Income Per Common Share The Company computes (loss) income per share in accordance with SFAS No. 128, Earnings per Share (SFAS 128) and EITF 03-6, Participating Securities and the Two-Class Method under FASB Statement No. 128 (EITF 03-6), which establish standards regarding the computation of earnings per share by companies that have issued securities other than common stock that contractually entitle the holder to participate in earnings and dividends. EITF 03-6 requires earnings attributable to common stockholders for the period, after deduction of preferred stock preferences, to be allocated between the common stockholders and preferred stockholders based on their respective rights to receive dividends. EITF 03-6 does not require the presentation of basic and diluted net income (loss) per share for securities other than common stock; therefore, the following net (loss) income per share amounts only pertain to the Company’s common stock. Since the Company’s participating preferred stock was not contractually required to share in the Company’s losses, in applying the two-class method to compute basic net (loss) income per common share, no allocation was made to preferred stock if a net loss existed. F-15 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Basic net (loss) income per common share is calculated by dividing net (loss) income allocable to common stockholders (net (loss) income after reduction for any required returns to preferred stockholders prior to paying dividends to the common stock and assuming current income for the period had been distributed and without regard to any gain on exchange of preferred stock) by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. For purpose of this calculation, certain shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock, warrants to purchase redeemable convertible preferred stock, and options to purchase common stock are considered to be common stock equivalents but have been excluded from the calculation of diluted net (loss) income per share allocable to common stockholders since their effect would be anti-dilutive. The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net (loss) income per share allocable to common stockholders: Year Ended December 31, 2005 2006 2007 Historical: Numerator: Loss before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle $ (5,664,149 ) $ (5,776,177 ) $ (6,701,446 ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle (1,469,856 ) — — Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock (1,213,974 ) (1,222,435 ) (2,119,421 ) Gain on exchange of redeemable convertible preferred stock — 14,517,817 — Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders (8,347,979 ) 7,519,205 (8,820,867 ) Income allocable to preferred stockholders — (5,621,514 ) — Net (loss) income allocable to common stockholders $ (8,347,979 ) $ 1,897,691 $ (8,820,867 ) Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding—Basic 3,065,795 3,411,000 3,487,396 Dilutive effect of common stock equivalent shares resulting from common stock options and preferred stock warrants — 2,507,171 — Weighted average common shares outstanding—Diluted 3,065,795 5,918,171 3,487,396 Net (loss) income per common share—Basic and Diluted: Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle $ (0.48 ) $ — $ — Net (loss) income per share allocable to common stockholders—Basic $ (2.72 ) $ 0.56 $ (2.53 ) Net (loss) income per share allocable to common stockholders—Diluted $ (2.72 ) $ 0.32 $ (2.53 ) Pro Forma (Unaudited): Weighted average shares used in computation of basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders 3,487,396 Pro forma adjustments to reflect assumed conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock 34,517,853 Weighted average shares used to compute pro forma basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders 38,005,249 Pro forma basic and diluted net loss per common share $ (0.23 ) F-16 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Historical outstanding anti-dilutive securities not included in the diluted net loss per common share calculations include the following on a weighted-average basis: Year Ended December 31, 2005 2006 2007 Redeemable convertible preferred stock 14,847,877 10,104,379 34,517,853 Outstanding common stock options 2,105,936 2,194,884 3,892,098 Outstanding warrants 2,461,656 400,257 1,836,588 19,415,469 12,699,520 40,246,539 The 2005 Notes described in Note 5 below were outstanding during 2005 and 2006 and included a provision by which the notes could be settled through the issuance of the Company’s redeemable convertible preferred stock based upon a contingent event. However, the 2005 Notes were not convertible, and therefore the potentially dilutive shares related to the settlement of these notes were excluded from the diluted net loss (income) per common share calculations for 2005 and 2006. Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157, Fair Value Measurements (SFAS 157). SFAS 157 provides a common definition of fair value and establishes a framework to make the measurement of fair value in generally accepted accounting principles more consistent and comparable. SFAS 157 also requires expanded disclosure to provide information about the extent to which fair value is used to measure assets and liabilities, the methods and assumptions used to measure fair value, and the effect of fair value measures on earnings. SFAS 157 is effective for the Company’s fiscal year ending December 31, 2008, although early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of SFAS 157 on its financial statements. In February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 159, The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities—including an amendment of FASB Statement No. 115 (SFAS 159). SFAS 159 gives the Company the irrevocable option to carry most financial assets and liabilities at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in earnings. SFAS 159 is effective for the Company’s fiscal year ending December 31, 2008, although early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of SFAS 159 on its financial statements. In June 2007, the FASB issued EITF Issue No. 07-3, Accounting for Advance Payments for Goods or Services to Be Used in Future Research and Development Activities (EITF 07-3). EITF 07-3 requires companies to defer and capitalize prepaid, nonrefundable research and development payments to third parties and amortize them over the period that the research and development activities are performed or the services are provided, subject to an assessment of recoverability. EITF 07-3 is effective for new contracts entered into during fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2007, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact, if any, of adopting EITF 07-3 on its financial statements. F-17 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 3. Certain Balance Sheet Items Inventories consist of the following as of December 31, 2006 and 2007: December 31, 2006 2007 Raw materials $ 42,918 $ 14,913 Finished goods 10,970 3,098 Total inventories $ 53,888 $ 18,011 The Company recognized $12,000, $22,413 and $56,413 of expense related to inventory obsolescence reserves or other inventory write-downs for the years ended 2006 and 2007 and for the period from March 3, 2000 (inception) through December 31, 2007, respectively. There were no inventory write-downs during the year ended December 31, 2005. The obsolete inventory adjustment for the period ended December 31, 2007 was primarily due to expiration of a portion of the Company’s raw materials in which inventory quantities exceeded the Company’s projected usage of these materials based on forecasted demand. Property and equipment consist of the following as of December 31, 2006 and 2007: December 31, 2006 2007 Lab equipment $ 1,504,747 $ 1,553,343 Leasehold improvements 216,277 360,903 Computer equipment and software 101,572 156,662 Furniture and fixtures 79,892 79,892 Total 1,902,488 2,150,800 Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization (1,232,135 ) (1,238,376 ) Property and equipment, net $ 670,353 $ 912,424 Depreciation and amortization expense, relating to property and equipment and leasehold improvements, for the years ended December 31, 2005, 2006, 2007 and for the period from March 3, 2000 (inception) through December 31, 2007 was $291,010, $276,984, $311,809, and $1,645,809, respectively. Accrued expenses consist of the following as of December 31, 2006 and 2007: December 31, 2006 2007 Research and development expense $ 446,567 $ 938,340 Compensation 227,231 140,825 Interest 44,323 — Other 92,027 78,353 Total accrued expenses $ 810,148 $ 1,157,518 F-18 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 4. Notes Payable Equipment Loans In February 2001, the Company entered into a loan agreement with a bank, which provided for the Company to borrow up to $1,000,000 at an interest rate equal to the bank’s prime rate plus 0.75% for the acquisition of property and equipment. Through December 31, 2002, the Company had borrowed $540,531 under the agreement, of which $308,772 was outstanding as of December 31, 2002. Borrowings for the acquisition of property and equipment were collateralized by all of the assets of the Company with a negative pledge on intellectual property. In connection with the loan agreement, the Company issued a warrant to purchase 40,000 shares of Series A redeemable convertible preferred stock (Series A Preferred) at $1.00 per share. The Company recorded the warrant at its estimated relative fair value of $33,721, resulting in a debt discount that was amortized as a component of interest expense over the expected remaining life of the loan using the effective interest method. The warrant expired seven years from the date of issuance on February 28, 2008. In addition, $9,957 of debt issuance costs were capitalized as a deferred asset and amortized as interest expense over the expected remaining life of the loan. The note was paid in full during 2003. In June and July of 2003, the Company entered into loan and security agreements totaling $500,106, with an interest rate of 8.74% per annum with a venture finance company for the purpose of financing the acquisition of certain equipment. The loan was collateralized by the financed equipment. In conjunction with the loan agreements, the Company issued warrants to purchase a total of 15,003 shares of Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock (Series B Preferred) at $1.00 per share. The Company recorded the warrants at their estimated relative fair value of $10,755 as a debt discount, which was amortized as a component of interest expense over the expected remaining life of the loans using the effective interest method. The warrants expire seven years from their respective dates of issuance, in June and July of 2010. The loans were repaid in full during 2006. In March 2004, the Company entered into a $376,056 loan and security agreement, with an interest rate of 8.74% per annum with a venture finance company for the purpose of financing the acquisition of certain equipment. The loan was collateralized by the equipment being financed. In conjunction with the loan agreement, the Company issued a warrant to purchase 11,282 shares of Series B Preferred at $1.00 per share. The Company recorded the warrant at its estimated relative fair value of $8,010 as a debt discount, which was amortized as a component of interest expense over the expected remaining life of the loan using the effective interest method. The loan was repaid in full during 2007. In November 2007, the Company entered into a $260,000 loan and security agreement, with an interest rate of 10.61% per annum with a venture finance company for the purpose of financing the acquisition of certain equipment. The loan is collateralized by the financed equipment. The loan is payable in equal monthly installments through March 2011. Term Loan In March 2006, the Company entered into a term loan agreement with a bank (term loan), which provided for the Company to borrow up to $1,500,000. The term loan carried interest at a rate equal to the bank’s prime rate plus 1.0% and initially matured on the earlier of July 26, 2006 or the date on which the Company received at least $5,000,000 in new equity financing. The term loan was collateralized by all of the Company’s equipment. In conjunction with the agreement, the Company issued a warrant to purchase 75,000 shares of Series B Preferred at $1.00 per share. The warrant was recorded at its estimated fair value of $55,901 as a debt discount, which was amortized as a component of F-19 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) interest expense over the then expected remaining life of the loan. In addition, $18,559 of debt issuance costs were capitalized as a deferred asset and amortized over the then expected remaining life of the loan using the effective interest method. An amendment to the term loan in July 2006 extended the maturity date through August 2006. A second amendment to the term loan in August 2006 extended the maturity date to November 2006 and increased the borrowing limit to $3,000,000. In conjunction with the second amendment, the Company issued the bank an additional warrant to purchase 75,000 shares of Series B Preferred at $1.00 per share. The warrant was initially recorded at its estimated fair value of $55,923 as a debt discount, which was amortized as a component of interest expense over the then expected remaining life of the loan using the effective interest method. The Company also paid $2,500 in debt issuance costs, which were capitalized as a deferred asset and amortized over the then expected remaining life of the loan. A third amendment to the term loan in November 2006 extended the maturity date to December 2006. A fourth amendment to the term loan in December 2006 further extended the maturity date to May 31, 2010 and delayed required repayments of principal until June 2008. In addition, the interest rate on the outstanding amount from June 30, 2008 through the remaining term of the loan was increased to the bank’s prime rate plus 1.50%. In connection with the fourth amendment, the Company issued to the bank an additional warrant to purchase 45,000 shares of Series B Preferred at $1.00 per share. The warrant was recorded initially at its estimated fair value of $33,410 as an additional debt discount. The Company also paid $7,500 in debt issuance costs, which were capitalized as a deferred asset and amortized over the then expected remaining life of the loan using the effective interest method. A fifth amendment to the term loan in December 2006 excluded certain intellectual property from the collateral for the loan. During 2007, the Company entered into a sixth amendment to the term loan, which increased the required amount of collateral. From November 30, 2007 through December 21, 2007, the Company was in violation of the loan covenants under the term loan relating to attainment of specified clinical development milestones. A seventh amendment executed in December 2007 extended the date for compliance with the covenants to March 31, 2008. As of December 31, 2007, the full $3,000,000 borrowed under the term loan was outstanding. The Company recorded $119,816 and $275,104 in interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2007, respectively, related to the term loan. All warrants issued to the lender in connection with the term loan expire seven years from their respective dates of issuance. The Company evaluated each of the above amendments to the term loan under EITF Issue No. 96-19, Debtors Accounting for a Modification or Exchange of Debt Instruments (EITF 96-19). Based on the Company’s evaluation, the second and fourth term loan amendments resulted in exchanges of debt instruments with substantially different terms, resulting in a $99,333 loss on extinguishment of debt reflected in other expense for the year ended December 31, 2006. On April 9, 2008, the Company executed an eighth amendment to the Company’s term loan. The amendment reset the interest rate on the loan to the bank’s prime rate plus 1.5% per annum as of the date of the amendment, extended the maturity date of the term loan to June 30, 2010 and delayed the Company’s obligations to begin repayment until January 31, 2009. Accordingly, such notes payable have been classified as long-term debt at December 31, 2007. F-20 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) The following represents the outstanding principal balances and carrying amounts of notes payable as of December 31, 2006 and 2007: December 31, 2006 2007 Term loan $ 3,000,000 $ 3,000,000 Equipment loans 80,013 240,167 Total 3,080,013 3,240,167 Less debt discount 1,564 — Notes payable, net of debt discount 3,078,449 3,240,167 Less current portion 78,449 64,882 Notes payable, less current portion $ 3,000,000 $ 3,175,285 The following represents the scheduled maturities of notes payable outstanding as of December 31, 2007: Year ending December 31, 2008 $ 64,882 2009 2,190,166 2010 963,407 2011 21,712 Total $ 3,240,167 5. Bridge Notes Payable 2002 Notes In December 2002, the Company issued convertible promissory notes (2002 Notes) with an aggregate face value of $750,000 to accredited investors. The 2002 Notes initially had a maturity date of January 2003 and an interest rate of 8% per annum. All principal and accrued interest under the 2002 Notes was to automatically convert into the Company’s equity on the same terms as the shares of preferred stock to be issued in the next qualified financing (as defined in the agreements relating to the 2002 Notes), but in the event a qualified financing was not completed prior to the maturity date, the 2002 Notes could be converted into a number of shares of existing Series A Preferred equal to 25% of the principal amount of the note, at a conversion price of $1.00 per share. In connection with the issuance of the 2002 Notes, the Company issued warrants to the lenders to purchase shares of the series of preferred stock to be issued in the Company’s next qualified financing or, in the event a qualified financing did not occur by January 31, 2003, shares of Series A Preferred. The Company issued warrants to purchase 187,500 shares of preferred stock in the aggregate in accordance with the terms of the original December 2002 agreement and a January 2003 amendment, which extended the maturity date of the 2002 Notes to March 2003. The Company accounted for the 2002 Notes and the related warrants in accordance with EITF Issue No. 00-27, Application of Issue No. 98-5 to Certain Convertible Instruments (EITF 00-27) and EITF Issue No. 98-5 , Accounting for Convertible Securities with Beneficial Conversion Features or Contingently Adjustable F-21 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Conversion Ratios. Of the $750,000 in proceeds from the 2002 Notes, the Company allocated $622,500 to the initial carrying value of the 2002 Notes and the remaining $127,500 to the carrying value of the preferred stock warrants, based on their estimated relative fair values. In addition, the Company applied EITF 00-27 and determined that the effective conversion ratio of the 2002 Notes represented an in-the-money conversion at the time of issuance of the 2002 Notes, resulting in a beneficial conversion feature equal to the $127,500 intrinsic value. The Company recorded the beneficial conversion feature as an additional debt discount and a charge to stockholders’ equity. The aggregate debt discount of $255,000 was amortized as interest expense through the January 2003 maturity date of the notes. The Company recorded total interest expense related to the 2002 Notes of $64,879 and $201,954 in the years ended December 31, 2002 and 2003, respectively. In March 2003, the principal balance of the 2002 Notes of $750,000 and accrued interest of $11,833 were converted into an aggregate of 761,833 shares of Series B Preferred at $1.00 per share. In addition, as of the date of conversion of the 2002 Notes, the warrants issued in December 2002 became exercisable for 187,500 shares of Series B Preferred at an exercise price of $1.00 per share. The warrants remain outstanding and expire on December 23, 2012. 2005 Notes with Related Parties In 2005, the Company issued promissory notes to existing shareholders (2005 Notes) with an aggregate face value of $3,862,011 in two separate tranches. The first tranche was issued in March 2005 in an aggregate principal amount of $2,574,674 and an interest rate of 8% per annum and a default interest rate of 12% per annum. The principal and accrued interest under the 2005 Notes was to be settled in the Company’s preferred stock issued upon the closing of the next equity financing. If an additional equity financing did not occur by the maturity date, the 2005 Notes were to be settled in cash. The 2005 Notes were initially scheduled to mature on December 15, 2005, but if the Company closed an additional tranche of financing prior to that date, the maturity date would be extended to May 15, 2006. In connection with the issuance of the 2005 Notes, the Company issued warrants to the lenders to purchase a number of shares of the series of preferred stock to be issued in the Company’s next qualified financing (as defined in the agreements relating to the 2005 Notes) equal to 50% of the principal amount of the 2005 Notes divided by the purchase price in the next qualified financing or, in the event a qualified financing did not occur prior to maturity of the 2005 Notes, warrants to purchase a number of shares of Series B Preferred equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2005 Notes divided by $1.00 per share. Each warrant had an exercise price of $0.01 per share and a term of 10 years. Of the $2,574,674 in aggregate proceeds from the first tranche of the 2005 Notes, the Company allocated $1,292,403 to the carrying amount of the 2005 Notes and the remaining $1,282,271 to the carrying amount of the preferred stock warrants, based on their estimated relative fair values. The initial carrying value of the preferred stock warrants resulted in a debt discount and was amortized as additional interest expense over the then estimated life of the loan using the effective interest method. The second tranche of the 2005 Notes was issued in November 2005 for aggregate proceeds of $1,287,337, thereby extending the maturity date for all of the 2005 Notes to May 15, 2006. The terms of the second tranche of 2005 Notes were identical to the 2005 Notes issued in the first tranche. In addition, in connection with the second tranche of the 2005 Notes, the Company issued additional warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,287,337 shares of the series of preferred stock to be issued by the Company in the next qualified financing, with the warrants having the same terms as the warrants issued at first tranche closing in March 2005. Of the $1,287,337 in aggregate proceeds from the second tranche of the 2005 Notes, the Company allocated $1,282,271 to the carrying amount of the preferred stock warrants and the remaining $5,066 to the carrying amount of the 2005 Notes, based on their estimated F-22 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) fair values using the Black-Scholes valuation model. The initial carrying value of the preferred stock warrants was recorded as a debt discount and preferred stock warrant liability in accordance with FSP No. 150-5. The Company adjusts the preferred stock warrant liability for changes in fair value as of each balance sheet date (see Note 7). The Company did not close an additional equity financing prior to the maturity of the 2005 Notes in May 2006. The holders of the 2005 Notes did not call the notes at their maturity and provided forbearance to the Company until the next equity financing, which closed in December 2006. However, the interest rate on the 2005 Notes was reset to the default interest rate of 12% per annum for the period from the maturity date through the next financing in December 2006. In December 2006, the principal balance of the 2005 Notes of $3,862,011 and accrued interest of $469,709 was converted into 5,951,800 shares of the Company’s Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock (Series C Preferred) at $0.7278 per share. Each of the related warrants to purchase an aggregate of 3,862,011 shares of Series B Preferred were also exchanged for warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,326,605 shares of Series C Preferred with an exercise price of $0.7278 per share. The newly issued preferred stock warrants have a term of five years from issuance and expire on December 13, 2011. The Company’s December 2006 settlement of the 2005 Notes and exchange of preferred stock warrants occurred contemporaneously with the new Series C Preferred financing and other equity transactions (see Note 8). The Company recorded interest expense related to the 2005 Notes of $173,606, $381,497, and $555,103 in the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2006 and for the period from March 3, 2000 (inception) through December 31, 2007, respectively. 6. Commitments and Contingencies Leases The Company leases its office facilities and certain laboratory and office equipment under capital and non-cancelable operating leases. The Company’s lease for its office facilities, as amended to date, expires on April 30, 2013. Future minimum lease payments under capital and non-cancelable operating leases as of December 31, 2007 are as follows: Capital Leases Operating Leases Year ending December 31, 2008 $ 21,930 $ 116,679 2009 20,165 120,166 2010 18,401 123,766 2011 18,401 127,476 2012 4,377 131,297 Thereafter — 44,194 83,274 $ 663,578 Less interest at 7.7% to 11.9% 15,506 Present value of minimum lease payments 67,768 Less current portion 15,701 Capital lease obligations less current portion $ 52,067 F-23 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Rent expense under these non-cancelable operating leases was $112,676, $121,417, $109,125, and $753,419 for the years ended December 31, 2005, 2006, 2007 and for the period from March 3, 2000 (inception) through December 31, 2007, respectively. 7. Preferred Stock Warrant Liability As discussed in Note 2 above, subsequent to the Company’s adoption of FSP No. 150-5 on July 1, 2005, the outstanding preferred stock warrants are revalued at the end of each reporting period using the Black-Scholes option pricing valuation model. Changes in fair value, based on the fair value of the Company’s redeemable convertible preferred stock and other valuation assumptions, are reflected in the Company’s statements of operations as other income or expense. Unless previously exercised, upon the closing of an initial public offering of the Company’s common stock that results in the conversion of all outstanding shares of convertible preferred stock to common stock, the preferred stock warrants will automatically convert into warrants to purchase shares of common stock, based on the then applicable conversion ratio for the related series of preferred stock. As of December 31, 2007, each share of Series A Preferred and Series B Preferred is convertible into 1.163 shares of common stock, and each share of Series C Preferred is convertible into one share of common stock. All preferred stock warrants were immediately exercisable upon their issuance. The following table sets forth the fair values for each of the categories of preferred stock warrants as of December 31, 2006 and 2007, as well as changes in fair value for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2007: Expiration Date Exercise Price Per Share Shares as of December 31, Fair Value as of December 31, Change in Fair Value During the Year Ended December 31, Warrant Holder 2006 2007 2006 2007 2006 2007 Series A Preferred: Warrants issued with equipment notes 2/26/2008 $ 1.00 40,000 40,000 $ 1,629 $ 239 $ (14,669 ) $ (1,390 ) Series B Preferred: Warrants issued with 2002 Notes 12/23/2012 1.00 187,500 187,500 65,246 76,431 (85,208 ) 11,185 Warrants issued with equipment notes and term loan 6/25/2010 1.00 4,724 4,724 1,022 1,012 (2,056 ) (10 ) 7/24/2010 1.00 10,279 10,279 2,262 2,250 (4,479 ) (12 ) 3/11/2011 1.00 11,282 11,282 2,980 2,979 (4,785 ) (1 ) 3/21/2013 1.00 75,000 75,000 26,770 33,654 (29,131 ) 6,884 8/30/2013 1.00 75,000 75,000 27,728 35,477 (28,195 ) 7,749 12/4/2013 1.00 45,000 45,000 16,958 21,776 (16,452 ) 4,818 Series C Preferred: Warrants issued with 2005 Notes 12/15/2011 0.7278 1,326,605 1,326,605 480,580 598,877 (6,280 ) 118,297 1,775,390 1,775,390 $ 625,175 $ 772,695 $ 191,255 $ 147,520 F-24 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) The fair value of the preferred stock warrants was determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model with the following weighted-average assumptions: Year Ended December 31, 2006 2007 Dividend yield 0 % 0 % Volatility 70.9 % 57.9 % Risk-free interest rate 4.71 % 3.31 % Remaining contractual term (in years) 5.22 4.23 8. Common Stock, Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders’ Deficit Common Stock Upon the initial formation of the Company in 2000, the Company sold 900,000 shares of its common stock at fair value of $0.001 per share to its founders, subject to stock restriction agreements that provided for vesting based upon service to the Company. Subsequent to the issuance of this stock, the founders terminated their employment with the Company and were hired as consultants. The Company revalued the unvested shares of restricted stock issued to the founders and recorded $140,270 of compensation expense associated with the restricted stock during the year ended December 31, 2003. As of December 31, 2003, all of these shares of restricted stock were fully vested. In April 2000, the Company also sold 111,000 shares of its common stock at $0.001 per share to consultants in connection with services provided, and also issued 300,000 shares of common stock in exchange for a technology license and services. The expense associated with these issuances of stock was included as research and development expenses during the year ended December 31, 2000. In September 2000, the Company sold 600,000 shares of common stock at fair value of $0.01 per share to two employees, subject to stock restriction agreements that provided for vesting based upon service to the Company. As of December 31, 2005, all of these shares of restricted stock were fully vested. During 2007, the Company issued 208,747 shares of its common stock upon the exercise of stock options with an exercise price of $0.20 per share. Dividends —The holders of common stock are be entitled to receive dividends from time to time as may be declared by the Company’s Board of Directors, subject to any preferential dividend rights of any then outstanding preferred stock. For the period from March 3, 2000 (inception) through December 31, 2007, no dividends were declared or paid by the Company. Voting —The holders of shares of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held with respect to all matters voted on by the stockholders of the Company. There is no cumulative voting of shares of common stock. Liquidation —After payment to the preferred stockholders, holders of common stock are entitled, together with holders of preferred stock, to share ratably in all remaining assets of the Company. F-25 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock As of December 31, 2006 and 2007, the authorized, issued and outstanding shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock (preferred stock) were as follows: Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Series B Series C Series C-1 Total As of December 31, 2006 Shares authorized 6,040,000 8,923,785 34,742,000 — 49,705,785 Shares issued and outstanding 6,000,000 8,515,000 15,124,951 — 29,639,951 As of December 31, 2007 Shares authorized 6,040,000 8,923,785 26,069,584 5,819,474 46,852,843 Shares issued and outstanding 6,000,000 8,515,000 24,742,979 — 39,257,979 The Company initially recorded the shares of preferred stock at their fair values on the dates of issuance, net of issuance costs. All shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock have been presented outside of permanent equity in accordance with EITF D-98, Classification and Measurement of Redeemable Securities. The carrying value of the Company’s redeemable convertible preferred stock is increased by periodic accretion using the effective interest method so that the carrying amount will equal the redemption value at the redemption date. In 2000 and 2001, the Company issued 6,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred at $1.00 per share for cash proceeds of $5,942,240, net of related issuance costs of $57,760. In 2003 and 2004 the Company issued 10,015,000 shares of Series B Preferred at $1.00 per share for cash proceeds of $9,166,648, net of related issuance costs of $86,519, and conversion of debt with principal and accrued interest of $761,833. In March 2005, one Series B Preferred stockholder did not purchase its pro rata share of the 2005 Notes and as a result, under the provisions of the Company’s certificate of incorporation then in effect, the stockholder’s shares of Series B Preferred were automatically converted into 1,500,000 shares of common stock on a 1-for-1 basis. In accordance with the original terms of the Series B Preferred, accrued dividends of $169,685 were eliminated upon this conversion. In December 2006, the Company issued 15,124,951 shares of Series C Preferred with a purchase price of $0.7278 per share for i) cash proceeds from existing shareholders of $6,518,333, net of issuance costs of $127,386, ii) conversion of the 2005 Notes with principal and accrued interest of $4,331,720, and iii) services with a fair value of $30,500, collectively constituting a first closing of the Series C Preferred (first closing). The terms of the first closing included a contingent forward put provision that required the Series C Preferred holders to participate in a second closing of Series C Preferred (second closing) with a stated number of shares and at a stated purchase price of $0.7278 per share if certain clinical and regulatory milestones were met by the Company. In addition, the Series C Preferred holders were provided a call option to purchase a specified number of shares of Series C Preferred at a second closing at a price of $0.7278 per share, regardless of whether the Company’s clinical and regulatory milestones were met. In connection with the first closing in December 2006, the Company amended its certificate of incorporation and designated the existing shares of Series A Preferred and Series B Preferred collectively as “Junior Preferred.” Substantive modifications to the rights of the Series A Preferred and Series B Preferred stockholders included i) extension of the redemption date from January 2008 to December 2012, ii) elimination of accrued dividends of $2,730,083 on the Series A Preferred and $2,137,462 on the Series B Preferred and elimination of any future F-26 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) cumulative dividends and iii) adjustment of the conversion ratios for the Junior Preferred to approximately 1.14-for-1 as a result of anti-dilution provisions. In addition, at the first closing, outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 3,826,011 shares of Series B Preferred with an exercise price of $0.01 per share were exchanged for warrants to purchase 1,326,605 shares of Series C Preferred with an exercise price of $0.7278 per share. The Company initially recorded the $482,190 fair value of the warrants to purchase Series C Preferred, estimated using the Black-Scholes valuation model, as a preferred stock warrant liability under FSP No. 150-5. As described in Note 7, the Company adjusts the preferred stock warrant liability at the end of each reporting period for changes in fair value. In accordance with EITF D-42, The Effect on the Calculation of Earnings per Share for the Redemption or Induced Conversion of Preferred Stock , the modification of the outstanding Series A Preferred and Series B Preferred, in conjunction with the contemporaneous exchange of certain other equity instruments with existing stockholders, including the exchange of preferred stock warrants, settlement and conversion of the 2005 Notes into equity, and the issuance of the Series C Preferred for cash, was accounted for as a redemption of existing equity securities and the issuance of new Junior Preferred, preferred stock warrants and Series C Preferred. As a result, the Company recorded a gain of $14,517,817 attributable to common stockholders equal to the excess of the carrying value of the securities and other financial instruments redeemed over the fair value of the new equity and financial instruments issued. The following summarizes the accounting for the December 2006 transaction with existing stockholders: Total cash received and carrying value of securities and instruments exchanged in the Series C Preferred first closing: Cash received $ 6,645,719 Carrying value of 2005 Notes and accrued interest 4,331,720 Forbearance of 2005 Notes additional default interest 85,394 Carrying value of Series A Preferred including accrued dividends 8,741,917 Carrying value of Series B Preferred including accrued dividends 10,634,303 Fair value of Series B Preferred warrant liability 3,840,973 Total cash received and carrying value of securities and instruments exchanged in the first closing $ 34,280,026 Fair value of new instruments upon issuance: Fair value of Series C Preferred at issuance 10,977,439 Fair value of Junior Preferred 8,302,580 Fair value of Series C Preferred warrant liability 482,190 Total fair value of new instruments upon issuance 19,762,209 Gain on redemption and exchange of redeemable convertible preferred stock $ 14,517,817 The fair values of the Junior Preferred and Series C Preferred were determined by management retrospectively, based on the Company’s reassessment methodology as described under “Share-Based Compensation” below. The gain on redemption and exchange of redeemable convertible preferred stock is reported below net (loss) income on the statements of operations as a gain attributable to common stockholders and is recorded as a component of stockholders’ deficit. The carrying value of the Junior Preferred is accreted to its redemption value over the period from the date of issuance to the date of earliest redemption, or December 2012 in the case of the Junior Preferred. F-27 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) In September 2007, the Company completed a second closing of the Series C Preferred (second closing) in which the Company issued 9,618,028 shares of Series C Preferred at $0.7278 per share for total cash proceeds of $6,904,296, net of issuance costs of $95,705. As a result of anti-dilution adjustments, the conversion ratio for the Junior Preferred was further adjusted to approximately 1.163-for-1. The original December 2006 Series C Preferred agreements were amended to provide that all first closing purchasers of the Series C Preferred would be obligated by contingent forward put provisions to purchase up to $6,058,654 of a newly designated Series C-1 redeemable convertible preferred stock (Series C-1 Preferred) at $1.0411 per share as a replacement of the original Series C Preferred contingent forward put provision. Each second closing purchaser would be obligated to purchase its pro rata share of the Series C-1 Preferred if specified clinical and regulatory milestones are met by the Company at any time on or before December 31, 2008. If the milestones are met and a purchaser of Series C Preferred does not purchase at least its pro rata share of Series C-1 Preferred, then all of the shares of Series C Preferred held by the stockholder would be automatically converted into shares of common stock at the then effective conversion rate for the Series C Preferred. The September 2007 amendment also revised the original call options held by the first closing Series C Preferred holders, such that all first closing Series C Preferred holders had a right, but not an obligation, to purchase its pro rata amount of the Series C-1 Preferred at $1.0411 per share prior to December 31, 2008, regardless of whether the clinical and regulatory milestones are achieved by the Company. The Company determined that the estimated fair value of the original embedded call option and contingent forward put provisions to purchase Series C Preferred was substantially equivalent to the estimated fair value of the embedded Series C-1 Preferred call option and contingent forward put provisions in existence as a result of the above amendments, and as a result there was no impact on the Company’s financial statements for this modification. The rights and features of the Company’s Junior Preferred are as follows: Voting —The holders of the Junior Preferred are entitled to vote, together with the holders of common stock, Series C preferred and Series C-1 preferred on all matters submitted to stockholders for vote. The holder of each share of Junior Preferred is entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of common stock into which each such preferred share is convertible at the time of the vote. Dividends —The holders of Junior Preferred are entitled to receive dividends, when and as declared by the Company’s Board of Directors, and out of funds legally available, payable in preference and priority to any payment of dividends on the shares of common stock. Holders of Junior Preferred are also entitled to participate in dividends paid on the common stock on an as-converted basis. For the period from March 3, 2000 (inception) through December 31, 2007, no dividends were declared or paid by the Company. Accretion of the Junior Preferred for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2007 was $45,388 and $1,035,403, respectively. Conversion— As of December 31, 2007, each share of Junior Preferred was convertible into approximately 1.163 shares of common stock. Anti-dilution protection for the Junior Preferred was eliminated as part of the second closing of Series C Preferred in September 2007. Redemption— At any time after December 13, 2012 and following redemption in full of the Series C Preferred, the holders of the outstanding Junior Preferred may, by written request, require the Company to redeem the outstanding shares of Junior Preferred stock by paying in cash a sum equal to the original purchase price of the Series A Preferred and Series B Preferred plus any unpaid dividends. The Junior Preferred may be redeemed in three annual installments of amounts ranging from 20% to 50% of the aggregate amount redeemable, subject to certain provisions as described in the Company’s certificate of incorporation. On the redemption date, the Junior Preferred is redeemable for an aggregate amount of $14,515,000. F-28 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) The rights and features of the Company’s Series C Preferred and Series C-1 Preferred are as follows: Voting —The holders of Series C Preferred and Series C-1 Preferred are entitled to vote, together with the holders of common stock and Junior Preferred, on all matters submitted to stockholders for vote. The holder of each share of Series C Preferred and Series C-1 Preferred is entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of common stock into which each such preferred share is convertible at the time of the vote. Dividends— The holders of Series C Preferred and Series C-1 Preferred are entitled to receive cumulative dividends at a rate of 8% per annum of the original issue price, or when and as declared by the Company’s Board of Directors, payable in preference and priority to payment of any dividends on the shares of common stock. Holders of Series C Preferred and Series C-1 Preferred are entitled to participate in dividends paid on the common stock on an as-converted basis. For the period from March 3, 2000 (inception) through December 31, 2007, no dividends were declared or paid by the Company. Accretion of the Series C Preferred during the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2007 was $41,016 and $1,050,937, respectively. Conversion —Each share of Series C Preferred and Series C-1 Preferred, at the option of the holder, is convertible into a number of fully paid shares of common stock as determined by dividing the original issue price for the applicable series of preferred stock by the conversion price in effect at the time. The Series C Preferred and Series C-1 Preferred conversion prices are $0.7278 and $1.0411 per share, respectively, and are subject to adjustment in accordance with anti-dilution provisions. Each share of Series C Preferred and Series C-1 Preferred is currently convertible into one share of common stock. Mandatory conversion features exist for non-participation in an additional Series C-1 Preferred equity financing if certain regulatory and clinical milestones are met. If Series C investors do not acquire shares in the C-1 Preferred equity financing, then all shares of Series C held by the non-participating holder will automatically convert into shares of common stock at 1/10 of the conversion rate. In addition, the Series C Preferred and Series C-1 Preferred is automatically convertible upon the closing of a firm commitment underwritten public offering with specified terms or the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the then outstanding shares of Series C Preferred and Series C-1 Preferred, voting together as a single class. Redemption —At any time after December 13, 2011, the holders of Series C Preferred and Series C-1 Preferred may, by written request, require the Company to redeem the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred and Series C-1 Preferred by paying in cash a sum equal to the original issuance price of the Series C Preferred or Series C-1 Preferred, as applicable, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends. The Series C Preferred may be redeemed in three annual installments of amounts ranging from 20% to 50% of the aggregate amount redeemable, subject to certain provisions as described in the Company’s certificate of incorporation. On the redemption date, the Series C Preferred is redeemable for an aggregate amount of $24,795,335. Liquidation In the event of liquidation or winding up of the Company, all holders of Series C Preferred and Series C-1 Preferred have a liquidation preference equal to the applicable original issue price of the series of preferred stock, plus any accrued but unpaid dividends. After payment of the full liquidation preference to the holders of Series C Preferred and Series C-1 Preferred, the holders of Junior Preferred have a liquidation preference of $1.00 per share. After payment of these preferential amounts to the holders of preferred stock, the remaining assets of the Company would be distributed among the holders of the preferred stock and common stock on an as-converted to common stock basis. F-29 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Shares Reserved for Future Issuances The Company had reserved shares of common stock for future issuances as follows: December 31, 2006 2007 Redeemable convertible preferred stock (assuming conversion) 31,619,246 41,620,853 Warrants to purchase redeemable convertible preferred stock (assuming conversion) 1,836,585 1,848,444 2000 Stock Plan: Shares available for grant 3,501,869 1,397,753 Options outstanding 2,447,131 4,342,500 Total shares reserved for future issuance 39,404,831 49,209,550 Share-Based Compensation During 2000, the Company adopted the Aldagen, Inc. 2000 Stock Option Plan (the 2000 Plan), which provides for the granting of incentive and nonstatutory stock options by the Company’s Board of Directors to employees, officers, directors, and consultants of the Company. Option awards are generally granted with an exercise price equal to the market price of the Company’s stock on the date of the grant and generally vest over 4 years. Options generally have 10-year contractual terms. Fair Value of Common and Preferred Stock The fair value of the Company’s common and preferred stock during the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2006 was determined by the Board of Directors with assistance from management. In connection with the preparation of the Company’s financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2007, the Company’s Board of Directors directed management to retrospectively assess the Company’s enterprise value and the fair value of its common stock and preferred stock at December 31, 2006 and December 31, 2007. This assessment was completed in February 2008. Management then performed an internal reassessment of the fair value of the Company’s common stock for stock option grants between December 31, 2006 and December 31, 2007. In conducting these retrospective valuations, the Company used a two-step methodology that first estimated the fair value of the Company as a whole and then allocated a portion of the enterprise value to its preferred stock and common stock. This approach is consistent with the methods outlined in the AICPA Practice Aid, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation. The valuation methodology utilized the “probability-weighted expected return” (PWER) method to estimate enterprise value. The enterprise value was then validated utilizing a “market approach.” The PWER methodology involved estimating the future values of the Company for several probable liquidity scenarios. The value of the common stock was determined for each liquidity scenario and was then discounted to present value using a risk-adjusted discount rate. The discount rate used in both valuations was 30% for the common stock and 40% for the preferred stock. The present values of the common stock under each scenario were then weighted based upon the probability of each liquidity event occurring. The determination of the liquidity values and estimates of the probabilities of each scenario involved a significant degree of management’s judgment. In some of these scenarios, the proceeds of the liquidation event were sufficient to provide a return to the holders of common stock. The Company also considered scenarios F-30 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) involving a sale of the Company in which the proceeds of the transaction were sufficient to fully or partially satisfy the liquidation preferences of the Junior Preferred, Series C and Series C-1 convertible preferred stock, but in which no proceeds would remain to be distributed to the holders of common stock. The Company considered a final scenario in which it would be liquidated at a value that is insufficient to pay the liquidation preferences of any of the preferred stock. The market approach was also used to validate the determination of enterprise value. The market approach bases fair value on what similar enterprises or comparable transactions indicate value to be, and applies such analyses to the Company. These valuations included selecting and evaluating pre-money valuations of similar companies completing IPOs in 2006 and 2007, pre-money valuations of similar companies completing recent IPOs relative to the fully diluted post-money valuations at the time of their last round of financing, and the valuation and analysis of six comparable publicly traded companies that were focused on therapeutic products derived from stem cells. The allocation of fair value between the Company’s common stock and preferred stock using the PWER methodology at December 31, 2006 resulted in a fair value estimate of $0.24 per share for the common stock and $0.57 per share and $0.62 per share for the Junior Preferred and Series C Preferred, respectively. The allocation of fair value between common stock and preferred stock using the PWER methodology at December 31, 2007 resulted in a fair value estimate of $0.40 per share for the common stock and $0.82 per share and $0.88 per share for the Junior Preferred and Series C Preferred, respectively. Management reassessed the fair value of the Company’s common stock and preferred stock issued between December 31, 2006 and December 31, 2007 based upon the timing of achievement of clinical and regulatory milestones and the closing of an additional Series C Preferred equity financing round in September 2007. During the year ended December 31, 2007, the Company granted stock options which were valued using the reassessed values of the Company’s common stock as follows: Grants Made During the Quarter Ended Number of Options Granted Weighted Average Exercise Price Black-Scholes Weighted Average Fair Value Weighted Average Intrinsic Value March 31, 2007 1,698,869 $ 0.20 $ 0.17 $ — June 30, 2007 157,500 0.20 0.16 — September 30, 2007 85,000 0.20 0.23 0.03 December 31, 2007 250,000 0.20 0.31 0.11 The Company used the reassessed fair value of its preferred stock, calculated in the manner describe above, in estimating the fair value of its outstanding warrants to purchase each series of preferred stock (see Note 7). F-31 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) The following table summarizes stock option activity under the 2000 Plan since March 3, 2000 (inception) through December 31, 2007: Outstanding Options Shares Available for Grant Number of Shares Weighted Average Exercise Price Balance at March 3, 2000 (inception) — — $ — Shares authorized 990,250 — — Options granted (35,000 ) 35,000 0.10 Options canceled — — Balance at December 31, 2000 955,250 35,000 0.10 Options granted (540,000 ) 540,000 0.10 Options canceled — — Balance at December 31, 2001 415,250 575,000 0.13 Options granted (334,000 ) 334,000 0.20 Options canceled 94,000 (94,000 ) 0.10 Balance at December 31, 2002 175,250 815,000 0.17 Shares authorized 2,058,750 — — Options granted (1,829,500 ) 1,829,500 0.20 Options canceled 160,000 (160,000 ) 0.11 Balance at December 31, 2003 564,500 2,484,500 0.19 Options granted (553,500 ) 553,500 0.20 Options canceled 397,000 (397,000 ) 0.16 Balance at December 31, 2004 408,000 2,641,000 0.19 Options granted (212,289 ) 212,289 0.20 Options canceled 1,160,000 (1,160,000 ) 0.20 Balance at December 31, 2005 1,355,711 1,693,289 0.19 Shares authorized 2,900,000 — — Options granted (953,842 ) 953,842 0.20 Options canceled 200,000 (200,000 ) 0.20 Balance at December 31, 2006 3,501,869 2,447,131 0.19 Options granted (2,191,369 ) 2,191,369 0.20 Options exercised — (208,747 ) 0.20 Options canceled 87,253 (87,253 ) 0.20 Balance at December 31, 2007 1,397,753 4,342,500 0.20 As of December 31, 2007, the aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding stock options and exercisable stock options was $866,173 and $336,652, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during the year ended December 31, 2007 was $41,124. There were no options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2006. F-32 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2007 and expected to vest, of which a portion were already vested and exercisable: Number of Options Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Life (In Years) Weighted- Average Exercise Price Intrinsic Value Outstanding 3,908,250 8.07 $ 0.20 $ 779,555 Exercisable 1,654,579 7.88 0.19 336,652 The following table summarizes information about all stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2007: Exercise Price Number of Options Outstanding Weighted-Average Remaining Contractual Life (In Years) Number of Options Exercisable $ 0.10 107,000 3.36 107,000 $ 0.20 4,235,500 8.19 1,547,579 4,342,500 1,654,579 As of December 31, 2007, there was $249,543 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of three years. Cash received from option exercises under all share-based payment arrangements for the year ended December 31, 2007 was $41,749. F-33 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 9. Income Taxes No provision for federal or state income taxes has been recorded as the Company has incurred net operating losses since inception. Significant components of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2006 and 2007 consist of the following: 2006 2007 Current Deferred tax assets: Inventory reserve $ 6,500 $ — Less valuation allowance for deferred assets (6,500 ) — Deferred tax assets, current — — Deferred tax asset (liabilities), current $ — $ — Noncurrent Deferred tax assets: Domestic net operating loss carryforwards $ 8,504,900 $ 10,917,300 Charitable contribution carryforwards 1,400 2,400 Start-up costs 266,600 266,600 Organizational costs 1,000 1,000 Share-based compensation 81,700 104,900 Intangible assets 33,600 29,900 Research and development credits 815,300 959,900 Less valuation allowance (9,630,500 ) (12,239,700 ) Deferred tax assets, noncurrent 74,000 42,300 Deferred tax liabilities: Fixed assets 74,000 42,300 Deferred tax asset (liabilities), noncurrent 74,000 42,300 Net deferred tax asset (liability) $ — $ — As of December 31, 2007, the Company provided a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets since realization of these benefits could not be reasonably assured. The increase in valuation allowance resulted primarily from the additional net operating loss carryforward generated. As of December 31, 2007, the Company had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of $28,230,800 and $28,984,500, respectively. These net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2020 and 2015 for federal and state purposes. The utilization of the federal net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to limitations under the rules regarding a change in stock ownership as determined by the Internal Revenue Code. F-34 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Taxes computed at the statutory federal income tax rate of 34% are reconciled to the provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2007 as follows: 2006 2007 Amount % of Pretax Earnings Amount % of Pretax Earnings United States Federal tax at statutory rate $ (1,963,900 ) (34.0 )% $ (2,278,500 ) (34.0 )% State taxes (net of Federal benefit) (215,200 ) (3.7 ) (296,000 ) (4.4 ) Change in valuation reserves 1,936,300 33.5 2,602,700 38.8 Research and development credit (207,000 ) (3.6 ) (144,600 ) (2.2 ) Amortization of debt discount 372,000 6.4 500 0.0 Other nondeductible expenses 54,000 1.0 115,400 1.8 Other 23,800 0.4 500 0.0 Provision for income taxes $ — 0.0 % $ — 0.0 % The Tax Reform Act of 1986 contains provisions which limit the ability to utilize the net operating loss carryforwards in the case of certain events including significant changes in ownership interests. If the Company’s net operating loss carryforwards are limited, and the Company has taxable income which exceeds the permissible yearly net operating loss carryforwards, the Company would incur a federal income tax liability even though net operating loss carryforwards would be available in future years. In June 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued interpretation No. 48, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes – An Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109 (FIN 48). This interpretation prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return and also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. The Company adopted the provisions of FIN 48 on January 1, 2007. The implementation of FIN 48 resulted in a $283,923 adjustment to the Company’s beginning tax positions. The Company continues to recognize its tax benefits which are offset by a valuation allowance to the extent that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The following summarizes the activity related to the Company’s unrecognized tax benefits: Balance at January 1, 2007 $ 283,923 Increases related to current year tax positions — Balance at December 31, 2007 $ 283,923 If these unrecognized tax benefits of $283,923 at December 31, 2007 were recognized, they would not affect the Company’s annual effective tax rate. It is the Company’s policy to record and classify interest and penalties as income tax expense, although no liability for potential interest or penalties was recorded during the year. The Company does not expect the unrecognized tax benefits to change significantly over the next 12 months. The Company files U.S. and state income tax returns in jurisdictions with varying statutes of limitations. The 2000 through 2007 tax years remain subject to examination by federal and state authorities. F-35 Table of Contents ALDAGEN, INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 10. 401K Plan The Company provides a qualified 401(k) savings plan for its employees. All employees are eligible to participate, provided they meet the requirements of the plan. While the Company may elect to match employee contributions, no such matching contributions were made through December 31, 2007. Beginning January 1, 2008, the Company began providing a 100% match of employee contributions on the first 3% of a contributing employee’s salary and a 50% match on an additional 2% of salary contributed. 11. Subsequent Events On April 9, 2008 the Company executed an eighth amendment to the Company’s term loan described in Note 4 above. The amendment reset the interest rate on the loan to the bank’s prime rate plus 1.5% per annum as of the date of the amendment, extended the maturity date of the term loan to June 30, 2010 and delayed the Company’s obligations to begin repayment until January 31, 2009. As amended, the term loan is now payable in 17 equal installments of $176,471, beginning on January 31, 2009. On April 14, 2008, the Company’s Board of Directors adopted, and the stockholders approved, an amendment to the 2000 Plan that increases the maximum number of shares of common stock issuable under the 2000 Plan to an aggregate of 6,649,000 shares. On April 15, 2008, the Company issued an aggregate of 17,636,655 shares of Series C-1 Preferred at a price of $1.0411 per share, for aggregate proceeds of $18,361,522. Of this amount, $6,058,654 related to satisfaction of the contingent forward put upon the achievement of specified milestones that was contemplated at the second closing of the Series C Preferred financing in September 2007, as described in Note 8 above. The Company’s certificate of incorporation was amended to authorize additional shares of Series C-1 Preferred beyond the amount authorized for future issuance at the time of the second closing of the Series C Preferred financing. The rights, preferences and privileges of the Series C-1 Preferred are substantially identical to those of the Series C Preferred, other than with respect to the original purchase price. The aggregate amount redeemable on the redemption date is $23,742,202 for the Series C-1 Preferred. On , 2008, the Company’s Board of Directors adopted, and on , 2008, the stockholders approved, a to reverse stock split of the Company’s common stock effective as of . All common stock and per common share amounts for all periods presented in the accompanying financial statements have been restated to reflect the effect of this common stock split. F-36 Table of Contents Shares Common Stock PROSPECTUS Cowen and Company Wachovia Securities Pacific Growth Equities, LLC , 2008 Until , 2008, all dealers that effect transactions in these securities, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers’ obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions. Table of Contents PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. The following table sets forth all costs and expenses, other than underwriting discounts and commissions, payable by us in connection with the sale of the common stock being registered. All amounts shown are estimates except for the SEC registration fee, the FINRA filing fee and the NASDAQ Global Market listing fee. Amount to be Paid SEC registration fee $ 3,164 FINRA filing fee 8,550 NASDAQ Global Market initial listing fee 100,000 Printing and engraving expenses * Legal fees and expenses * Blue Sky fees and expenses * Accounting fees and expenses * Transfer agent and registrar fees and expenses * Miscellaneous expenses * Total $ * * To be filed by amendment. Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers. We are incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware. Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law provides that a Delaware corporation may indemnify any persons who are, or are threatened to be made, parties to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of such corporation), by reason of the fact that such person was an officer, director, employee or agent of such corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such person as an officer, director, employee or agent of another corporation or enterprise. The indemnity may include expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding, provided that such person acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the corporation’s best interests and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was illegal. A Delaware corporation may indemnify any persons who are, or are threatened to be made, a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation by reason of the fact that such person was a director, officer, employee or agent of such corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or enterprise. The indemnity may include expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit provided such person acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the corporation’s best interests except that no indemnification is permitted without judicial approval if the officer or director is adjudged to be liable to the corporation. Where an officer or director is successful on the merits or otherwise in the defense of any action referred to above, the corporation must indemnify him or her against the expenses that such officer or director has actually and reasonably incurred. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be in effect upon the closing of this offering requires us to indemnify, and limit the liability of, our directors to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Our amended and restated bylaws to be in effect upon the closing of this offering require us to indemnify our directors to the fullest extent not prohibited by law and permit us to indemnify our officers, employees and other agents as set forth under Delaware law. II-1 Table of Contents Section 102(b)(7) of the Delaware General Corporation Law permits a corporation to provide in its certificate of incorporation that a director of the corporation shall not be personally liable to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duties as a director, except for liability for any: • transaction from which the director derives an improper personal benefit; • act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; • unlawful payment of dividends or redemption of shares; or • breach of a director’s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws include such a provision. Expenses incurred by any director in defending any such action, suit or proceeding in advance of its final disposition shall be paid by us upon delivery to us of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such director, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that such director is not entitled to be indemnified by us. Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law provides, among other things, that a director who willfully or negligently approves of an unlawful payment of dividends or an unlawful stock purchase or redemption may be held liable for such actions. A director who was either absent when the unlawful actions were approved, or dissented at the time, may avoid liability by causing his or her dissent to such actions to be entered in the books containing minutes of the meetings of the board of directors at the time such action occurred or immediately after such absent director receives notice of the unlawful acts. As permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, we have entered into indemnity agreements with each of our directors that require us to indemnify such persons against any and all expenses (including attorneys’ fees), witness fees, judgments, fines, settlements and other amounts incurred (including expenses of a derivative action) in connection with any action, suit or proceeding or alternative dispute resolution mechanism, inquiry hearing or investigation, whether threatened, pending or completed, to which any such person may be made a party by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director, an officer or an employee of Aldagen or any of its affiliated enterprises, provided that such person’s conduct did not constitute a breach of his or her duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, and was not an act or omission not in good faith or which involved intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of laws. The indemnity agreements also set forth certain procedures that will apply in the event of a claim for indemnification thereunder. At present, there is no pending litigation or proceeding involving any of our directors or officers as to which indemnification is required or permitted, and we are not aware of any threatened litigation or proceeding that may result in a claim for indemnification. We have an insurance policy covering our officers and directors with respect to certain liabilities, including liabilities arising under the Securities Act or otherwise. We plan to enter into an underwriting agreement that provides that the underwriters are obligated, under some circumstances, to indemnify our directors, officers and controlling persons against specified liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Our amended and restated investor rights agreement with certain investors provides for cross-indemnification in connection with the registration of the our common stock on behalf of such investors. Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. The following list sets forth information regarding all unregistered securities sold by us since January 1, 2005 through the date of this prospectus. 1) From January 1, 2005 through April 30, 2008, we have granted options under our 2000 stock option plan to purchase an aggregate of 5,061,472 shares of our common stock to employees, consultants and II-2 Table of Contents directors, having exercise prices ranging from $0.20 to $0.626 per share. From January 1, 2005 through April 30, 2008, 208,747 shares of common stock have been issued upon the exercise of options issued to employees, consultants and directors under our 2000 stock option plan for aggregate consideration of approximately $42,000, at an exercise price of $0.20 per share. 2) In March and November 2005, we issued and sold convertible promissory notes in aggregate principal amount of $3.9 million to a total of 11 accredited investors. In connection with these issuances, we also issued warrants to these investors that were exercisable for the series of preferred stock to be issued in our next round of equity financing, or if no such financing occurred, shares of our Series B convertible preferred stock. 3) In March 2005, the 1,500,000 shares of Series B convertible preferred stock held by one stockholder were converted into shares of our common stock on a 1-for-1 basis. 4) In March 2006, August 2006 and December 2006, in connection with a term loan with a bank and extensions of the loan, we issued warrants to the bank to purchase an aggregate of 195,000 shares of Series B convertible preferred stock with an exercise price of $1.00 per share. 5) In December 2006 and September 2007, we issued and sold an aggregate of 24,742,979 shares of Series C convertible preferred stock to 19 accredited investors for aggregate consideration of approximately $17.8 million, including the conversion of principal and interest on outstanding convertible promissory notes described in paragraph (2) above, and net of issuance costs. 6) In December 2006, upon the initial closing of our Series C convertible preferred stock financing, the warrants issued as described in paragraph (2) above were exchanged for new warrants with revised terms. The new warrants are exercisable for an aggregate of 1,326,605 shares of Series C convertible preferred stock at an exercise price of $0.7278 per share. 7) In April 2008, we issued and sold an aggregate of 17,636,655 shares of Series C-1 convertible preferred stock to 19 accredited investors for aggregate consideration of $18.4 million. The offers, sales and issuances of the securities described in paragraph (1) were exempt from registration under the Securities Act under Rule 701 in that the transactions were under compensatory benefit plans and contracts relating to compensation as provided under Rule 701. The recipients of such securities were our employees, directors or consultants and received the securities under our stock option plan. Appropriate legends were affixed to the securities issued in these transactions. Each of the recipients of securities in these transactions had adequate access, through employment or business relationships, to information about us. The offers, sales, and issuances of the securities described in paragraphs (2), (4), (5) and (7) were exempt from registration under the Securities Act under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated thereunder as transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. The recipients of securities in each of these transactions acquired the securities for investment only and not with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof and appropriate legends were affixed to the securities issued in these transactions. Each of the recipients of securities in these transactions was an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501 promulgated under the Securities Act. The issuance of the securities described in paragraph (3) was exempt from registration under the Securities Act under Section 3(a)(9) thereunder by virtue of the fact that the transactions constituted the exchange of securities of the company for no additional consideration. The issuance of the securities described in paragraph (6) was exempt from registration under the Securities Act under Section 3(a)(9) by virtue of the fact that the transactions constituted the exchange of securities of the company for no additional consideration and Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act by virtue of the fact that each of the recipients of securities in this transaction was an accredited investor. II-3 Table of Contents Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. (a) Exhibits Exhibit Number Description of Document 1.1† Form of Underwriting Agreement. 3.1 Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended to date and as currently in effect. 3.2† Form of Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 3.3† Form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be effective upon completion of this offering. 3.4 Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended to date and as currently in effect. 3.5† Form of Amended and Restated Bylaws to be effective upon completion of this offering. 4.1 Reference is made to exhibits 3.1 through 3.5. 4.2† Specimen Common Stock Certificate. 5.1† Opinion of Cooley Godward Kronish LLP. 10.1 Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2006 and as amended to date, by and between the Registrant and Square 1 Bank. 10.2+† Form of Indemnification Agreement. 10.3+† 2000 Stock Option Plan and Forms of Stock Option Agreement thereunder. 10.4+† 2008 Equity Incentive Plan. 10.5+† Forms of Stock Option Agreement and Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan. 10.6* License Agreement, dated as of October 12, 2000, by and between the Registrant and Duke University. 10.7* License Agreement, dated as of November 27, 2000, by and between the Registrant and Johns Hopkins University. 10.8 Building Lease, by and between the Registrant and Prince Properties, Inc., as amended. 10.9 Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement dated December 15, 2006 by and between the Registrant and certain of its stockholders, as amended on September 12, 2007, December 31, 2007 and April 15, 2008. 10.10 Form of Warrants to Purchase Series B Preferred Stock issued in connection with 2002 bridge loan, dated as of December 23, 2002, as amended. 10.11 Form of Warrants to Purchase Series B Preferred Stock issued to Oxford Finance Corporation, dated as of June 25, 2003, July 24, 2003 and March 11, 2004. 10.12 Form of Warrants to Purchase Series B Preferred Stock issued to Square 1 Bank, dated as of March 21, 2006, August 30, 2006 and December 4, 2006. 10.13 Form of Amended and Restated Warrant to Purchase Series C Preferred Stock, dated as of December 15, 2006. 23.1 Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. 23.2† Consent of Cooley Godward Kronish LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1). 24.1 Power of Attorney. Reference is made to the signature page hereto. II-4 Table of Contents † To be filed by amendment. + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. * Portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment and have been separately filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. (b) Financial Statement Schedules No financial statement schedules are provided because the information called for is not required or is shown either in the financial statements or the notes thereto. Item 17. Undertakings. The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes to provide to the underwriters at the closing specified in the underwriting agreement, certificates in such denominations and registered in such names as required by the underwriters to permit prompt delivery to each purchaser. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the Registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the Registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the Registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the Registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the Registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes that: (1) For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this Registration Statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the Registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this Registration Statement as of the time it was declared effective. (2) For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. II-5 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act, the Registrant has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Durham, State of North Carolina, on the 9 th day of May, 2008. ALDAGEN, INC. By: / S / W. T HOMAS A MICK W. Thomas Amick Chairman and Chief Executive Officer KNOW ALL BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints W. Thomas Amick, Edward L. Field and Brent B. Siler, and each of them, his true and lawful agent, proxy and attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to (i) act on, sign and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments) to this registration statement together with all schedules and exhibits thereto and any subsequent registration statement filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, together with all schedules and exhibits thereto, (ii) act on, sign and file such certificates, instruments, agreements and other documents as may be necessary or appropriate in connection therewith, (iii) act on and file any supplement to any prospectus included in this registration statement or any such amendment or any subsequent registration statement filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and (iv) take any and all actions which may be necessary or appropriate to be done, as fully for all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby approving, ratifying and confirming all that such agent, proxy and attorney-in-fact or any of his substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date / S / W. T HOMAS A MICK W. Thomas Amick Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) May 9, 2008 / S / D AVID P. C ARBERRY David P. Carberry Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) May 9, 2008 / S / J OEL R. K IMBROUGH Joel R. Kimbrough Director May 9, 2008 / S / M ARTIN J. M URPHY Martin J. Murphy Director May 9, 2008 / S / B. J EFFERSON C LARK B. Jefferson Clark Director May 9, 2008 / S / G ARHENG K ONG Garheng Kong Director May 9, 2008 II-6
