Intervia Inc.: Form S-1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933 INTERVIA INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada 1040 N/A (State or other jurisdiction of (Primary Standard Industrial (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Classification Code Number) Identification Number) 3702 South Virginia Street, Suite G12-401 Reno, NV 89502 Telephone: 202.470.4608 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) With a copy to 1000 East William Street Suite 204Carson City, Nevada 89701 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Approximate Date of Commencement of Proposed Sale to the Public: As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement is declared effective. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, please check the following box. [ x ] If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act Prospectus number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. [ ] If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. [ ] If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. [ ] Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. Large accelerated filer [ ] Accelerated filer [ ] Non-accelerated filer [ ] Smaller reporting company [ x ] 1 Title of Each Class Amount to be Proposed Proposed Amount of of Securities to be Registered Maximum Maximum Registration Registered (1) Offering Price Aggregate Fee per Security (2) Offering Price ($) ($) ($) Shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001 12,000,000 $0.00833 $ 99,960.00 $11.61 (1) Represents shares of our common stock previously acquired by and issued to the Selling Shareholders in private transactions directly with. All of these shares are offered by the Selling Shareholders. (2) This calculation is made solely for the purposes of determining the registration fee pursuant to the provisions of Rule 457 under the Securities Act of 1933. The price per share and the aggregate offering price are calculated based on the most recent private placement of our common stock at $0.00833 per share on January 12, 2011. The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said section 8(a), may determine. 2 PROSPECTUS INTERVIA INC. 12,000,000 Shares of Common Stock The date of this Prospectus is __________________, 2011. INTERVIA INC. (``our Company“, ``we”, “us”, “our”) is registering 12,000,000 shares of common stock held by 10 selling security holders. The selling security holders will sell at privately negotiated prices or, if a public market for our stock develops, at prevailing market prices established on the Pink Quote electronic quotation system (the “Pink Sheets”) or on the OTC Bulletin Board at the time of sale, as applicable at the time of sale. Prior to this Offering, there has been no public market for our common stock. Our common stock was previously quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board on August 21, 2006 under the trading symbol “ITVA”. On June 19, 2009 our symbol was removed from the OTC Bulletin Board for failure to file periodic reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During the period August 21, 2006 to June 19, 2009, there were no trades of our common stock. Subsequently our common shares became listed for quotation on the Pink Quote electronic quotation system (also know as the “Pink Sheets”) under the symbol ITVA.PK, however there has been no trade of our common stock to date. After the effective date of this registration statement, we intend to seek a market maker to file an application with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) to have our common stock quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. We currently have no market maker who is willing to list quotations for our stock. Even if we secure a market maker to list our stock for quotation, there is no assurance that an active trading market for our shares will develop or be sustained if developed. Purchasers may be receiving an illiquid security. An investment in our securities is speculative. See the section entitled "Risk Factors" beginning on Page 10 of this Prospectus. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The information in this Prospectus is not complete and may be changed. The selling security holders may not sell these securities until the registration statement that includes this Registration Statement is declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. This Prospectus shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall the selling security holders sell any of these securities in any state where such an offer or solicitation would be unlawful before registration or qualification under such state's securities laws. You should rely only on the information contained in this Prospectus. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with information different from that contained in this Prospectus. The selling shareholders are offering to sell, and seeking offers to buy, their common shares, only in jurisdictions where offers and sales are permitted. The information contained in this Prospectus is accurate only as of the date of this Prospectus, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus or of any sale of our common shares. 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Prospectus Summary 5 Risk Factors 9 Use of Proceeds 13 Determination of Offering Price 13 Dilution 14 Selling Security Holders 14 Plan of Distribution 16 Description of Securities to be Registered 20 Interests of Named Experts and Counsel 21 Description of Business 21 Description of Property 24 Legal Proceedings 25 Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 26 Financial Statements 26 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations 27 Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 33 Directors and Executive Officers 33 Executive Compensation 38 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 40 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 42 Disclosure of Commission Position on Indemnification of Securities Act Liabilities 42 4 PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This Prospectus, and any supplement to this Prospectus include “forward-looking statements”. To the extent that the information presented in this Prospectus discusses financial projections, information or expectations about our business plans, results of operations, products or markets, or otherwise makes statements about future events, such statements are forward-looking. Such forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as “intends”, “anticipates”, “believes”, “estimates”, “projects”, “forecasts”, “expects”, “plans” and “proposes”. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, there are a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. These include, among others, the cautionary statements in the “Risk Factors” section beginning on page 10 of this Prospectus and the “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations” section elsewhere in this Prospectus. Our Business The address of our principal executive office is 3702 South Virginia Street, Suite G12-401, Reno, NV 89502. Our telephone number is (202) 470-4608. We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on February 2, 2005. Our original business plan was to develop fuel cell technology and to produce fuel cells in China suitable for small vehicles, such as indoor forklifts, scooters, and personal watercraft, such as dive submersibles, that require a small sized fuel cell with longevity of use and silent operation. During fiscal 2008 we abandoned our original business plan because we were unable to raise sufficient financing. Following the abandonment of our original business plan, our management’s focus was the identification and evaluation new business and financing opportunities in an effort to ensure the survival of our Company and to preserve our shareholders’ investment in our common shares. On July 15, 2010, we entered into an Option Agreement to purchase a 100% interest in the Proteus Property located near Cobalt, Ontario, an area known historically for the mining of silver ore. The Proteus Property consists of three mineral claims comprised of nine units. In order to acquire the property pursuant to the agreement, we must make the following cash payments and incur the following amounts on exploration and development: a) $25,000 upon the execution of the agreement (paid); b) an additional $25,000 cash and incur $75,000 in exploration expenditures by July 15, 2011; c) an additional $25,000 cash and incur an additional $100,000 in exploration expenditures by July 15, 2012; and d) incur an additional $150,000 in exploration expenditures by July 15, 2013. The Proteus Property is subject to a 2% Net Smelter Royalty, which our company has the right to purchase in 25% increments for $500,000, on or before 12 months from the date of entering into production. As a result of the Option Agreement for the Proteus Property, we became a mineral exploration company and presently endeavor to plan and implement an exploration program for the Proteus Property commencing in the spring of 2011. Currently, however, we currently maintain nominal operations and are seeking additional sources of financing or collaborators to further the development of our business plan. 5 If we are unable to secure additional financing, we will be unable to develop or implement our new business plan, including our prospective exploration plan, and our business may fail. Most recently, on January 12, 2011, we issued an aggregate of 12,000,000 shares of our common stock at a price of $0.00833 per share, to 10 non U.S. persons (at that term as defined in Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933), relying on Regulation S and/or Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 pursuant to the closing of a private placement, for aggregate gross proceeds of $99,960. Prior to this Offering, there has been no public market for our common stock. Our common stock was previously quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board on August 21, 2006 under the trading symbol “ITVA”. On June 19, 2009 our symbol was removed from the OTC Bulletin Board for failure to file periodic reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During the period August 21, 2006 to June 19, 2009, there were no trades of our common stock. Subsequently our common shares became listed for quotation on the Pink Quote electronic quotation system (known as the “Pink Sheets”) under the symbol ITVA.PK, however there has been no trade of our common stock to date. After the effective date of the registration statement, we intend to seek a market maker to file an application with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) to have our common stock quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. However, we currently have no market maker who is willing to list quotations for our stock. Furthermore, there is no assurance that an active trading market for our shares will develop or will be sustained if developed. You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with information different from that contained in this Prospectus. The information contained in this prospectus is accurate only as of the date of this prospectus, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus or of any sale of our common shares. The Offering The 12,000,000 shares of our common stock being registered by this Prospectus represent approximately 77.4% of our issued and outstanding common stock as of March 30, 2011. Securities Offered: 12,000,000 shares of common stock offered by 10 selling security holders. Initial Offering Price: The selling security holders will sell at privately negotiated prices or, if a public market develops for our common stock, at prevailing market prices. Minimum Number of Securities to be Sold in this Offering: None 6 Securities Issued and to be Issued: As of March 30, 2011 there were 15,500,000 shares of our common stock, issued and outstanding and no outstanding preferred or convertible securities. All of the common stock to be sold under this Prospectus will be sold by existing stockholders. Although our common stock is currently listed for quotation on the Pink Quote quotation system, there is no established market for the common shares being registered. If a market for our common stock develops on the Pink Quote system (the “Pinks Sheets”), or, if our stock becomes quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board and a market for our stock develops there, the actual price of the shares may be influenced by prevailing market prices at the time of sale. The trading of securities on the Pink Sheets or the OTC Bulletin Board is often sporadic and investors may have difficulty buying, selling, or obtaining market quotations, which may have a depressive effect on the price of our common stock. Purchasers in this offering may receive an illiquid security. Proceeds: We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of our common stock by the selling security holders. 7 Financial Summary Information All references to currency in this Prospectus are to U.S. Dollars, unless otherwise noted. The following table sets forth selected financial information, which should be read in conjunction with the information set forth in the "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations" section and the accompanying financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Prospectus. Income Statement Data Nine Months Ended October 31, 2010 ($) Year Ended January 31, 2010 ($) Year Ended January 31, 2009 ($) Year Ended January 31, 2008 ($) From Inception (February 2, 2005) to October 31, 2010 ($) Revenues - - - - - Operating Expenses 11,763 18,855 41,175 33,845 188,423 Net Loss 11,763 18,855 41,175 33,845 188,423 Net Loss Per Share 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 - Balance Sheet Data Nine Months Ended October 31, 2010 ($) Year Ended January 31, 2010 ($) Year Ended January 31, 2009 ($) Year Ended January 31, 2008 $) Working Capital Deficiency 138,924 102,161 83,305 42,130 Current Assets 54,160 Nil Nil Nil Current Liabilities 193,084 102,161 83,305 42,130 8 RISK FACTORS Risks Associated With Mining Our property is in the exploration stage and there is no assurance that we can establish the existence of any mineral resource on our property in commercially exploitable quantities. Unless we establish the presence of a commercially exploitable mineral resource, we cannot earn any revenues from operations and, if we fail to do so, we will lose all of the funds that we may expend on exploration. If we do not discover any mineral resource in a commercially exploitable quantity, our business could fail. We have not conducted any exploration work on our mineral property and have not established that it contains any mineral reserve. Even if we successfully carry out a program of exploration on our mineral property, we may fail to establish that our property contains any mineral reserve, which could result in the failure of our business. A mineral reserve is defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission in its Industry Guide 7 (which can be viewed over the Internet at http://www.sec.gov/divisions/corpfin/forms/industry.htm#secguide7 ) as that part of a mineral deposit which could be economically and legally extracted or produced at the time of the reserve determination. The probability of an individual prospect ever having a "reserve" that meets the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission's Industry Guide 7 is extremely remote. In all probability our mineral resource property does not contain any 'reserve' and any funds that we spend on exploration will probably be lost. Even if we do eventually discover a mineral reserve on our property, there can be no assurance that we will be able to develop our property into a producing mine and extract those resources. Both mineral exploration and development involve a high degree of risk and few properties which are explored are ultimately developed into producing mines. The commercial viability of an established mineral deposit will depend on a number of factors including, by way of example, the size, grade and other attributes of the mineral deposit, the proximity of the resource to infrastructure such as a smelter, roads and a point for shipping, government regulation and market prices. Most of these factors will be beyond our control, and any of them could increase costs and make extraction of any identified mineral resource unprofitable. Mineral operations are subject to applicable law and government regulation. Even if we discover a mineral resource in a commercially exploitable quantity, these laws and regulations could restrict or prohibit the exploitation of that mineral resource. If we cannot exploit any mineral resource that we might discover on our property, our business may fail. Both mineral exploration and extraction require permits from various, federal, provincial, and local governmental authorities and are governed by laws and regulations, including those with respect to prospecting, mine development, mineral production, transport, export, taxation, labor standards, occupational health, waste disposal, toxic substances, land use, environmental protection, mine safety and other matters. We have yet to undertake any exploration activities on our property, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain or maintain any of the permits required for the exploration of our mineral property or for the construction and operation of a mine on our property on reasonable terms or at economically viable costs. If we cannot accomplish these objectives, our business could fail. 9 If we establish the existence of a mineral resource on our property in a commercially exploitable quantity, we will require additional capital in order to develop the property into a producing mine. If we cannot raise this additional capital, we will not be able to exploit the resource, and our business could fail. If we do discover mineral resources in commercially exploitable quantities on our property, we will be required to expend substantial sums of money to establish the extent of the resource, develop processes to extract it and develop extraction and processing facilities and infrastructure. Although we may derive substantial benefits from the discovery of a major deposit, there can be no assurance that any discovered resource will be large enough to justify commercial operations, nor can there be any assurance that we will be able to raise the funds required for development on a timely basis. If we cannot raise the necessary capital or complete the necessary facilities and infrastructure, our business may fail. Mineral exploration and development is subject to extraordinary operating risks. We may not insure against these risks. In the event of a cave-in or similar occurrence, our liability may exceed our resources, which would have an adverse impact on our company. Mineral exploration, development and production involve many risks which even a combination of experience, knowledge and careful evaluation may not be able to overcome. Our future operations will be subject to all the hazards and risks inherent in the exploration for mineral resources and, if we discover a mineral resource in commercially exploitable quantity, our operations could be subject to all of the hazards and risks inherent in the development and production of resources, including liability for pollution, cave-ins or similar hazards against which we cannot insure or against which we may elect not to insure. Any such event could result in physical injury or death, work stoppages, and damage to property, including damage to the environment. We do not currently maintain any insurance coverage against these operating hazards and may not have sufficient financial resources to obtain such insurance coverage when it becomes advisable or required. The payment of any liabilities that arise from the occurrence of any operating hazard against which we do not maintain insurance coverage would have a material adverse impact on our company. Mineral prices are subject to dramatic and unpredictable fluctuations. We aim to derive revenues either from the sale of our mineral resource property or from the extraction and sale of ore. The price of those commodities has fluctuated widely in recent years, and is affected by numerous factors beyond our control, including international, economic and political trends, expectations of inflation, currency exchange fluctuations, interest rates, global or regional consumptive patterns, speculative activities and increased production due to new extraction developments and improved extraction and production methods. The effect of these factors on the price of base and precious metals, and therefore the economic viability of any of our exploration properties and projects, cannot accurately be predicted. 10 The mining industry is highly competitive and there is no assurance that we will be successful in acquiring any mineral claims. If we cannot acquire properties to explore for mineral resources, we may be required to reduce or cease operations. The mineral exploration, development, and production industry is largely un-integrated. We compete with other exploration companies looking for mineral resource properties. While we compete with other exploration companies in the effort to locate and acquire mineral resource properties, we will not compete with them for the removal or sales of mineral products from our properties if we should eventually discover the presence of them in quantities sufficient to make production economically feasible. Readily accessible and liquid markets exist worldwide for the sale of mineral products. Therefore, we will likely be able to sell any mineral products that we identify and produce. In identifying and acquiring mineral resource properties, we will compete with many companies possessing greater financial resources and technical facilities. This competition could adversely affect our ability to acquire suitable prospects for exploration in the future. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will acquire any interest in additional mineral resource properties that might yield reserves or result in commercial mining operations. Risks Related To Our Company The fact that we have not earned any operating revenues since our incorporation raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue to explore our mineral properties as a going concern. We have not generated any revenue from operations since our incorporation and we anticipate that we will continue to incur operating expenses without revenues unless and until we are able to identify a mineral resource in a commercially exploitable quantity on our mineral property and we build and operate a mine. We had cash in the amount of $54,160 as of October 31, 2010 2010 and a working capital deficit of $138,924. We have also incurred a cumulative net loss of 188,423 from our inception on February 2, 2005 through October 31, 2010. If we undertake exploration activities on our property, we estimate that our average monthly operating expenses will be approximately $50,000, including anticipated exploration costs, management services and administrative costs. Should the results of our planned exploration require us to increase our current operating budget, we may have to raise additional funds to meet our currently budgeted operating requirements for the next 12 months. As we cannot assure a lender that we will be able to successfully explore and develop our mineral property, we will probably find it difficult to raise debt financing from traditional lending sources. We have in the past raised our operating capital from sales of equity securities, but there can be no assurance that we will continue to be able to do so. If we cannot raise the money that we need to continue exploration of our mineral property, we may be forced to delay, scale back, or eliminate our exploration activities. If any of these were to occur, there is a substantial risk that our business would fail. These circumstances lead our independent registered public accounting firm, in their report dated December 10, 2010, to comment about our company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management plans to seek additional capital through a private placement of its capital stock. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Although there are no assurances that management’s plans will be realized, management believes that our company will be able to continue operations in the future. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets, or the amounts of and classification of liabilities that might be necessary in the event our company cannot continue in existence.” We continue to experience net operating losses. 11 Risks Associated with Our Common Stock Trading on the in our common stock may be volatile and sporadic, which could depress the market price of our common stock and make it difficult for our stockholders to resell their shares. Prior to this Offering, there has been no public market for our common stock. Our common stock was previously quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board on August 21, 2006 under the trading symbol “ITVA”. On June 19, 2009 our symbol was removed from the OTC Bulletin Board for failure to file periodic reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission. During the period August 21, 2006 to June 19, 2009, there were no trades of our common stock. Subsequently our common shares became listed for quotation on the Pink Quote electronic quotation system (known as the “Pink Sheets”) under the symbol ITVA.PK, however there has been no trade of our common stock to date. After the effective date of the registration statement, we intend to seek a market maker to file an application with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) to have our common stock quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. However, we currently have no market maker who is willing to list quotations for our stock. Furthermore, there is no assurance that an active trading market for our shares will develop or will be sustained if developed. Trading in stock quoted on the Pink Sheets or on the OTC Bulletin Board is often thin and characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices, due to many factors that may have little to do with our operations or business prospects. This volatility could depress the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to operating performance. Moreover, neither the Pink Sheets nor the OTC Bulletin Board is a stock exchange, and trading of securities on the Pink Sheets and OTC Bulletin Board is often more sporadic than the trading of securities listed on an electronic or traditional stock exchange like the NASDAQ, NYSE, or Amex exchanges. Accordingly, shareholders may have difficulty reselling any of their shares. Our stock is a penny stock. Trading of our stock may be restricted by the SEC’s penny stock regulations and FINRA’s sales practice requirements, which may limit a stockholder’s ability to buy and sell our stock. Our stock is a penny stock. The Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted Rule 15g-9 which generally defines “penny stock” to be any equity security that has a market price (as defined) less than $5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Our securities are covered by the penny stock rules, which impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell to persons other than established customers and “accredited investors”. The term “accredited investor” refers generally to institutions with assets in excess of $5,000,000 or individuals with a net worth in excess of $1,000,000 or annual income exceeding $200,000 or $300,000 jointly with their spouse. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document in a form prepared by the SEC which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer’s account. 12 The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information, must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer’s confirmation. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these rules; the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser’s written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently, these penny stock rules may affect the ability of broker-dealers to trade our securities. We believe that the penny stock rules discourage investor interest in, and limit the marketability of, our common stock. In addition to the “penny stock” rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer’s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock. Other Risks Trends, Risks and Uncertainties We have sought to identify what we believe to be the most significant risks to our business, but we cannot predict whether, or to what extent, any of such risks may be realized nor can we guarantee that we have identified all possible risks that might arise. Investors should carefully consider all of such risk factors before making an investment decision with respect to our common stock. USE OF PROCEEDS We will not receive any proceeds from the resale of the securities offered through this Prospectus by the selling security holders. The selling security holders will receive all proceeds from this offering. DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE The selling security holders may sell the 12,000,000 common shares being registered in this prospectus at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. The number of common shares that may be actually sold by a selling security holder will be determined at the discretion of that selling security holder. The selling security holders are neither obligated to sell all or any portion of the common shares offered, nor are they obligated to sell such shares immediately under this Prospectus. The security holders may sell common stock at any privately negotiated price which may be influenced by factors such as a shareholder's own cash requirements, or objective criteria of value such as the market value of our assets. 13 DILUTION All of the 12,000,000 shares of our common stock to be sold by the selling security holders are currently issued and outstanding, and will therefore not cause dilution to any of our existing stockholders. SELLING SECURITY HOLDERS As of March 30, 2011 our Company has 75,000,000 common shares authorized with a par value of $0.001 per share with 15,500,000 common shares outstanding. We have no authorized class of preferred stock or outstanding options, warrants, or convertible securities. The 10 selling security holders are offering for sale 12,000,000 shares of our issued and outstanding common stock which they obtained as part of a private placement completed on January 12, 2011 at a price of $0.00833 per share for aggregate gross proceeds of $99,960. That transaction was completed in reliance on Regulation S and/or Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. Each selling shareholders is a non U.S. person, as that term as defined in Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933. The following table provides information as of March 30, 2011 regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock by each of the selling security holders, including: the number of shares owned by each prior to this offering; the number of shares being offered by each; the number of shares that will be owned by each upon completion of the offering, assuming that all the shares being offered are sold; the percentage of shares owned by each; and the identity of the beneficial holder of any entity that owns the shares being offered. Name of Selling Security Holder Shares Owned Prior to this Offering (1) Percent % (2) Maximum Numbers of Shares Being Offered Beneficial Ownership After Offering Percentage Owned upon Completion of the Offering (2) Chan Lit Sang 1,200,000 7.74 1,200,000 0 0 Wong Ching Man Vienna 1,200,000 7.74 1,200,000 0 0 14 Name of Selling Security Holder Shares Owned Prior to this Offering (1) Percent % (2) Maximum Numbers of Shares Offered Being Beneficial Ownership After Offering Percentage Owned upon Completion Offering of the (2) Chan Lit Chow 1,200,000 7.74 1,200,000 0 0 Arcoron Limited (3) 1,200,000 7.74 1,200,000 0 0 Tranwicks Limited (4) 1,200,000 7.74 1,200,000 0 0 Aurico Limited (5) 1,200,000 7.74 1,200,000 0 0 Ng Hei 1,200,000 7.74 1,200,000 0 0 Gannvalley International Limited (6) 2,400,000 (7) 15.48(7) 2,400,000 (7) 0 0 Brownrigg International Limited (6) 2,400,000 (7) 15.48(7) 2,400,000(7) 0 0 Starova Limited (8) 1,200,000 7.74 1,200,000 0 0 Total 12,000,000 77.41 12,000,000 0 0 (1) The number and percentage of shares beneficially owned is determined to the best of our knowledge in accordance with the Rules of the SEC and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which the selling security holder has sole or shared voting or investment power and also any shares which the selling security holder has the right to acquire within 60 days of the date of this Prospectus. (2) The percentages are based on 15,500,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding and as at March 30, 2011. (3) Dulip Charith Wijesinha has voting and dispositive control over securities held by Arcoron Limited. (4) Hassan Mohammed Musafer voting and dispositive control over securities held by Tranwicks Limited. (5) Dylan Baba Lye has voting and dispositive control over securities held by Aurico Limited. (6) Fahmy Jowharsha has voting and dispositive control over securities held by Gannvalley International and by Brownrigg International Limited. (7) Includes 1,200,000 shares held by Gannvalley International Limited and 1,200,000 shares held by Brownrigg International Limited. (8) Christopher Milton Wong has voting and dispositive control over securities held by Starova Limited. Except as otherwise noted in the above list, the named party beneficially owns and has sole voting and investment power over all the shares or rights to the shares. The numbers in this table assume that none of the selling security holders will purchase additional shares, and assumes that all the shares being registered will be sold. 15 Other than as described above, none of the selling security holders or their beneficial owners has had a material relationship with us other than as a security holder at any time within the past three years, or has ever been one of our officers or directors or an officer or director of our predecessors or affiliates. None of the selling security holders are broker-dealers or affiliates of a broker-dealer. PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We are registering 12,000,000 shares of our common stock on behalf of the selling security holders. The selling security holders may sell the 12,000,000 shares of our common stock at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. Our common stock was previously quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board on August 21, 2006 under the trading symbol “ITVA”. On June 19, 2009 our symbol was removed from the OTC Bulletin Board for failure to file periodic reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We have since brought our filings with the SEC up to date and, after the effective date of this registration statement, we intend to seek a market maker to file an application with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) to have our common stock quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. However, we currently have no market maker who is willing to list quotations for our stock, and, even if we secure a market maker, there is no assurance that an active trading market for our shares will develop or be sustained. What’s more, although we currently meet the existing requirements for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board, we cannot assure you that we will continue to meet these requirements. Currently our common stock is quoted on the Pink Quote electronic quotation system (commonly known and referred to herein as the “Pink Sheets”) under the symbol ITVA.PK. Like trading in stocks on the OTC Bulletin Board, trading in stocks quoted on the Pink Sheets is often thin and is characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices due to many factors that may have little to do with a company's operations or business prospects. Neither the Pink Sheets nor the OTC Bulletin Board should be confused with stock exchanges such as the NASDAQ. Pink Sheet companies are not subject to restrictions and regulations like those imposed on companies whose securities are traded on the OTC Bulletin Board or on the NASDAQ. For example, the OTC Bulletin Board requires listed companies to comply with the basic minimum reporting requirements imposed by the SEC. In addition to those basic reporting requirements, companies on the NASDAQ exchange must meet significant additional minimum requirements, such as minimum capital value, stock price, and public shareholder float requirements, among others. Moreover, like the OTCBB, the Pink Sheets is not a stock exchange, and the trading of securities on the Pink Sheets is often more sporadic than the trading of securities listed on a stock exchange like the NASDAQ. In the absence of an active trading market investors may have difficulty buying and selling or obtaining market quotations for our common stock and its market visibility may be limited, which may have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock. As of March 30, 2011, there is no active market for our common shares on the Pink Sheets and no price quotation available for our common shares. The selling security holders may sell some or all of their shares of our common stock in one or more transactions, including block transactions: The selling security holders may sell some or all of their shares of our common stock in one or more transactions, including block transactions: 16 on such public markets as the securities may be trading; in privately negotiated transactions; or in any combination of these methods of distribution. The selling security holders may offer our common stock to the public: at privately negotiated prices; at the market price prevailing at the time of sale if a market for the stock develops on the Pink Sheets or on the OTC Bulletin Board; at a price related to such prevailing market price if a market for the stock develops on the Pink Sheets or on OTC Bulletin Board; or at such other price as the selling security holders determine if a market for the stock develops on the Pink Sheets or on OTC Bulletin Board. We are bearing all costs relating to the registration of our common stock. The selling security holders, however, will pay any commissions or other fees payable to brokers or dealers in connection with any sale of the shares of our common stock. The selling security holders must comply with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act in the offer and sale of our common stock. In particular, during such times as the selling security holders may be deemed to be engaged in a distribution of any securities, and therefore be considered to be an underwriter, they must comply with applicable laws and may, among other things: furnish each broker or dealer through which our common stock may be offered such copies of this Prospectus, as amended from time to time, as may be required by such broker or dealer; not engage in any stabilization activities in connection with our securities; and not bid for or purchase any of our securities or attempt to induce any person to purchase any of our securities other than as permitted under the Exchange Act. The selling security holders and any underwriters, dealers or agents that participate in the distribution of our common stock may be deemed to be underwriters, and any commissions or concessions received by any such underwriters, dealers or agents may be deemed to be underwriting discounts and commissions under the Securities Act. Our common stock may be sold from time to time by the selling security holders in one or more transactions at a fixed offering price, which may be changed, at varying prices determined at the time of sale or at negotiated prices if a market for the stock develops on the Pink Sheets or on the OTC Bulletin Board. We may indemnify any underwriter against specific civil liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. The selling security holders and any broker-dealers acting in connection with the sale of the common stock offered under this Prospectus may be deemed to be underwriters within the meaning of section 2(11) of the Securities Act, and any commissions received by them and any profit realized by them on the resale of shares as principals may be deemed underwriting compensation under the Securities Act. Neither we nor the selling security holders can presently estimate the amount of such compensation. We know of no existing arrangements between the selling security holders and any other security holder, broker, dealer, underwriter or agent relating to the sale or distribution of our common stock. Because the selling security holders may be deemed to be “underwriters” within the meaning of section 2(11) of the Securities Act, the selling security holders will be subject to the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act. Each selling security holder has advised us that they have not yet entered into any agreements, understandings, or arrangements with any underwriters or broker-dealers regarding the sale of their shares. We may indemnify any underwriter against specific civil liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. 17 Regulation M During such time as the selling security holders may be engaged in a distribution of any of the securities being registered by this Prospectus, the selling security holders are required to comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act. In general, Regulation M precludes any selling security holder, any affiliated purchaser and any broker-dealer or other person who participates in a distribution from bidding for or purchasing, or attempting to induce any person to bid for or purchase, any security that is the subject of the distribution until the entire distribution is complete. Regulation M defines a “distribution” as an offering of securities that is distinguished from ordinary trading activities by the magnitude of the offering and the presence of special selling efforts and selling methods. Regulation M also defines a “distribution participant” as an underwriter, prospective underwriter, broker, dealer, or other person who has agreed to participate or who is participating in a distribution. Regulation M prohibits, with certain exceptions, participants in a distribution from bidding for or purchasing, for an account in which the participant has a beneficial interest, any of the securities that are the subject of the distribution. Regulation M also governs bids and purchases made in order to stabilize the price of a security in connection with a distribution of the security. We have informed the selling security holders that the anti-manipulation provisions of Regulation M may apply to the sales of their shares offered by this Prospectus, and we have also advised the selling security holders of the requirements for delivery of this Prospectus in connection with any sales of the shares offered by this Prospectus. With regard to short sales, the selling security holders cannot cover their short sales with securities from this offering. In addition, if a short sale is deemed to be a stabilizing activity, then the selling security holders will not be permitted to engage in such an activity. All of these limitations may affect the marketability of our common stock. Penny Stock Rules The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than $5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system). 18 The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC which: contains a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; contains a description of the broker's or dealer's duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to violations of such duties or other requirements of federal securities laws; contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including "bid" and "ask" prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask prices; contains the toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and contains such other information, and is in such form (including language, type size, and format) as the SEC shall require by rule or regulation. Prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, a broker-dealer must also provide a customer with: the bid and ask prices for the penny stock; the number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; the amount and a description of any compensation that the broker-dealer and its associated salesperson will receive in connection with the transaction; and a monthly account statement indicating the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, a broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive (i) the purchaser's written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, (ii) a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks, and (iii) a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our securities, and therefore our stockholders may have difficulty selling their shares. 19 Blue Sky Restrictions on Resale When a selling security holder wants to sell shares of our common stock under this Prospectus in the United States, the selling security holder will need to comply with state securities laws, also known as “blue sky laws,” with regard to secondary sales. All states offer a variety of exemptions from registration of secondary sales. Many states, for example, have an exemption for secondary trading of securities registered under section 12(g) of the Exchange Act or for securities of issuers that publish continuous disclosure of financial and non-financial information in a recognized securities manual, such as Standard & Poor’s. The broker for a selling security holder will be able to advise the stockholder as to which states have an exemption for secondary sales of our common stock. Any person who purchases shares of our common stock from a selling security holder pursuant to this Prospectus, and who subsequently wants to resell such shares will also have to comply with blue sky laws regarding secondary sales. When this Registration Statement becomes effective, and a selling security holder indicates in which state(s) he desires to sell his shares, we will be able to identify whether he will need to register or may rely on an exemption from registration. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES TO BE REGISTERED General Our authorized capital stock consists of 75,000,000 shares of common stock at a par value of $0.001 per share. Common Stock As of March 30, 2011 there were 15,500,000 issued and outstanding shares of our common held by 42 stockholders of record. Holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a stockholder vote. Holders of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights. Therefore, holders of a majority of the shares of common stock voting for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Holders of our common stock representing a majority of the voting power of our capital stock issued, outstanding and entitled to vote, represented in person or by proxy, are necessary to constitute a quorum at any meeting of our stockholders. A vote by the holders of a majority of our outstanding shares is required to effectuate certain fundamental corporate changes such as liquidation, merger or an amendment to our articles of incorporation. Holders of common stock are entitled to share in all dividends that the board of directors, in its discretion, declares from legally available funds. In the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each outstanding share entitles its holder to participate pro rata in all assets that remain after payment of liabilities and after providing for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. Holders of our common stock have no pre-emptive rights, no conversion rights and there are no redemption provisions applicable to our common stock. 20 Preferred Stock We do not have an authorized class of preferred stock. Dividend Policy We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the expansion of our business. As a result, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Share Purchase Warrants We have not issued and do not have outstanding any warrants to purchase shares of our common stock. Options We have not issued and do not have outstanding any options to purchase shares of our common stock. Convertible Securities We have not issued and do not have outstanding any securities convertible into shares of our common stock. INTERESTS OF NAMED EXPERTS AND COUNSEL No expert or counsel named in this Prospectus as having prepared or certified any part thereof or having given an opinion upon the validity of the securities being registered or upon other legal matters in connection with the registration or offering of our common stock was employed on a contingency basis or had or is to receive, in connection with the offering, a substantial interest, directly or indirectly, in us. Additionally, no such expert or counsel was connected with us as a promoter, managing or principal underwriter, voting trustee, director, officer or employee. Experts Our audited financial statements for the 12 month periods ended January 31, 2010 and January 31, 2009 have been included in this Prospectus in reliance upon Dale Matheson Carr-Hilton Labonte LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as experts in accounting and auditing. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS Forward-Looking Statements This Prospectus contains forward-looking statements. To the extent that any statements made in this report contain information that is not historical, these statements are essentially forward-looking. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as “expects”, “plans”, “will”, “may”, “anticipates”, “believes”, “should”, “intends”, “estimates” and other words of similar meaning. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that cannot be predicted or quantified and, consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 21 Such risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, our ability to raise additional capital to finance our activities; the effectiveness, profitability and marketability of our products; legal and regulatory risks associated with the share exchange; the future trading of our common stock; our ability to operate as a public company; our ability to protect our intellectual property; general economic and business conditions; the volatility of our operating results and financial condition; our ability to attract or retain qualified personnel; and other risks detailed from time to time in our filings with the SEC, or otherwise. General Overview We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on February 2, 2005. Our original business plan was to develop fuel cell technology and to produce fuel cells in China suitable for small vehicles, such as indoor forklifts, scooters, underwater equipment (eg. shallow underwater sightseeing submarines) that require a small size, longevity of use and silent operation. During fiscal 2008 we abandoned our original business plan because we were unable to raise sufficient financing. Following the abandonment of our original business plan, our management’s focus was the identification and evaluation new business and financing opportunities in an effort to ensure the survival of our Company and to preserve our shareholders’ investment in our common shares. On July 15, 2010, we entered into an Option Agreement to purchase a 100% interest in the Proteus Property located near Cobalt, Ontario, an area known historically for the production of silver ore and more recently, diamond prospecting. The Proteus Property consists of three mineral claims comprised of nine units. In order to acquire the property pursuant to the agreement, we must make the following cash payments and incur the following amounts on exploration and development: a) $25,000 upon the execution of the agreement (paid); b) an additional $25,000 cash and incur $75,000 in exploration expenditures by July 15, 2011; c) an additional $25,000 cash and incur an additional $100,000 in exploration expenditures by July 15, 2012; and d) incur an additional $150,000 in exploration expenditures by July 15, 2013. The Proteus Property is subject to a 2% Net Smelter Royalty, which our company has the right to purchase in 25% increments for $500,000, on or before 12 months from the date of entering into production. As a result of the Option Agreement for the Proteus Property, we became a mineral exploration company and now endeavor to plan and implement an exploration program for the Proteus Property commencing in the spring of 2011. Currently, however, we maintain nominal operations and are seeking additional sources of financing or collaborators to further the development of our business plan. If we are unable to secure additional financing, we will be forced to delay, scale back, or eliminate our anticipated exploration program, or revise our business plan, which may cause our business to fail. Most recently, on January 12, 2011, we issued an aggregate of 12,000,000 shares of our common stock at a price of $0.00833 per share, to 10 non U.S. persons (at that term as defined in Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933), relying on Regulation S and/or Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 pursuant to the closing of a private placement, for aggregate gross proceeds of $99,960. 22 Competition We are a development stage mineral resource exploration company. We compete with other mineral resource exploration companies for financing and for the acquisition of new mineral properties. Many of the mineral resource exploration companies with whom we compete have greater financial and technical resources than those available to us. Accordingly, these competitors may be able to spend greater amounts on acquisitions of mineral properties of merit, on exploration of their mineral properties and on development of their mineral properties. In addition, they may be able to afford more geological expertise in the targeting and exploration of mineral properties. This competition could result in competitors having mineral properties of greater quality and interest to prospective investors who may finance additional exploration. This competition could adversely impact on our ability to finance further exploration and to achieve the financing necessary for us to develop our mineral properties. Compliance with Government Regulation We are committed to complying with and are, to our knowledge, in compliance with, all governmental and environmental regulations applicable to our company and our properties. Permits from a variety of regulatory authorities are required for many aspects of mine operation and reclamation. We cannot predict the extent to which these requirements will affect our company or our properties if we identify the existence of minerals in commercially exploitable quantities. In addition, future legislation and regulation could cause additional expense, capital expenditure, restrictions and delays in the exploration of our properties. Research and Development Expenditures We have not incurred any research and development expenditures over the past two fiscal years. Employees Currently, we do not have any employees. Additionally, we have not entered into any consulting or employment agreements with our president, chief executive officer, treasurer, secretary or chief financial officer. Our directors, executive officers and certain contracted individuals play an important role in the running of our company. We do not expect any material changes in the number of employees over the next 12 month period. We do and will continue to outsource contract employment as needed. We engage contractors from time to time to consult with us on specific corporate affairs or to perform specific tasks in connection with our exploration programs. Subsidiaries We do not have any subsidiaries. Intellectual Property We do not own, either legally or beneficially, any patent or trademark, and have not registered any rights for protection under copyright. 23 Description of Property Executive Offices As of the date of this Prospectus, our executive and administrative offices are located at 3702 South Virginia Street, Suite G12-401, Reno, NV 89502. Our telephone number is (202) 470-4608. Mineral Properties On July 15, 2010, we entered into an Option Agreement to purchase a 100% interest in the Proteus Property located near Cobalt, Ontario, an area known historically for the production of silver ore and more recently, diamond prospecting. The Proteus Property consists of three mineral claims comprised of nine units. In order to acquire the property pursuant to the agreement, we must make the following cash payments and incur the following amounts on exploration and development: a) $25,000 upon the execution of the agreement (paid); b) an additional $25,000 cash and incur $75,000 in exploration expenditures by July 15, 2011; c) an additional $25,000 cash and incur an additional $100,000 in exploration expenditures by July 15, 2012; and d) incur an additional $150,000 in exploration expenditures by July 15, 2013. The Proteus Property is subject to a 2% Net Smelter Royalty, which our company has the right to purchase in 25% increments for $500,000, on or before 12 months from the date of entering into production. Location and Access The Proteus Property is located in Lorrain Township, in the District of Timiskaming, Ontario. Canada. There are a total of three claims which together make up approximately 360 acres of land. The surface rights to the land are divided amongst several parties, including the federal government. Access to the property is made from Highway 11B in North Cobalt, Ontario, at which point one travels approximately 2.5 kilometers southeast on High 567 until a gravel service road is reached. This leads to the former Silverside Resources ramp and the Proteus Property. Travelling south on the road one comes to the Proteus core shack at approximately 2.2 kilometers. The property boundary is located within 2 kilometers further south along the road. Many rough drill roads run across the property making it accessible by foot, ATV or snowmobile depending on the season. Should further development of the property be required, it is closely located to roads and towns, namely Cobalt, Haileybury, and NewLiskeard, Ontario, where mine supplies and milling services are available. Regional Geology The best descriptions of the geology, mineralogy, and ore deposits of the area surrounding the claims can be found in publications by the Ontario Division of Mines and the Ontario Geological Survey (Knight 1922, Thompson 1960, and O.D.M Map 2050). 24 The Cobalt area consists of three main rock types: Keewatin Volcanics, Huronian Sediments, and Nipissing Diabase. Historically silver has been found in all three, occurring as short veins which pinch and swell for a few tenths of an inch to over a foot in width. The oldest rocks are the Keewatin greenstones and interflow sediments. These are steeply dipping with a general east-west trend. Rock type varies a great deal throughout the region from basalt to rhyolite as flows and pyroclastic units. The volcanics are overlain by relatively flat lying Cobalt Series Sediments. These consist of conglomerate, greywacke, quartzite, and argillite. Deformation within these units is quite minimal. Both the volcanic and Sediments are cut by the flat lying Keeweenawan aged Nipissing Diabase Sill which creates arches and basins as it slices through the other rock types. Extensive faulting characterizes the region with a series of northwest trending rift faults dominating. They are the Lake Temiskaming Fault, the McKenzie Fault, and the Cross Lake Fault. Locally, many other smaller faults of various orientations, and particularly faults of an older age, may be present. Proposed Exploration Program for 2011 As of the date of this prospectus, we have not verified additional information available to us regarding the geology and economic potential of the Proteus Property It may be necessary, from time to time, to conduct minor assessment exploration work to maintain the unpatented mining claims in good standing with the Ontario provincial government. During the 12 month period beginning November 1, 2011, we intend to carry out the following exploration work on the Proteus Property. The exploration work proposed is a surface control grid (line-cutting) which is then followed by several geophysical surveys including: a Magnetometer (Walkmag) survey and three Electromagnetic surveys: (i) a VLF-EM (very low frequency); (ii) a HLEM (maximum/minimum frequency); and (iii) a detailed IP-EM (Induced Polarization); all of which together are designed to pick up massive to disseminated sulphide mineralzation and faults that may contain possible economic concentrations of metals, chiefly consisting of gold, silver-cobalt or base metals such as copper, lead, or zinc. The purpose of the program is to find favorable geophysical anomalies and conductors and to prioritize them into potential targets that may warrant diamond drilling to identify the type of mineralization and concentration of metals present. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings against our Company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which any of our directors, executive officers or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial stockholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest. 25 MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Market Information Our shares of common stock were listed on the OTC Bulletin Board on August 21, 2006 under the trading symbol “ITVA”. On June 19, 2009 our symbol was removed from the OTC Bulletin Board for failure to file. During the period August 21, 2006 to June 19, 2009, there were no trades of our common stock. Subsequently our common shares became quoted on the Pink Quote electronic quotation system, commonly known as the Pink Sheets, under the symbol “ITVA.PK”, however there have been no trades of our common stock to date Holders Our shares are issued in registered form. Pacific Stock Transfer Inc., 500 E Warm Springs Road, Las Vegas, NV 89119 (Telephone: (702) 361-3033; Facsimile: (702) 433-1979) is the registrar and transfer agent for our common shares. On March 30, 2011, our shareholders' list showed 42 registered shareholders and 15,500,000 common shares outstanding. Dividends We have not declared any dividends since incorporation and do not anticipate that we will do so in the foreseeable future. Although there are no restrictions that limit the ability to pay dividends on our common shares, our intention is to retain future earnings for use in our operations and the expansion of our business. Equity Compensation Plans To date we have not adopted any equity compensation plan for the compensation of our directors, officers, employees or consultants. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Our audited financial statements for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2010 and January 31, 2009, and our unaudited financial statements for the 9 month period ended October 31, 2011 are included in this prospectus. . Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles and are stated in United States Dollars (US$). The financial statements appear beginning on page F-1. 26 INTERVIA INC. (A Development Stage Company) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS January 31, 2010 (Stated in US Dollars) REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM BALANCE SHEETS STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-1 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Intervia, Inc. We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Intervia, Inc. (a development stage company) as of January 31, 2010 and 2009 and the related statements of operations, stockholders’ deficit and cash flows for the years then ended and for the period from February 2, 2005 (inception) to January 31, 2010. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform an audit to obtain reasonable assurance whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, based on our audits, these financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Intervia, Inc. as of January 31, 2010 and 2009 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended and for the period from February 2, 2005 (inception) to January 31, 2010 in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has no assets, has not generated revenues since inception, has incurred losses in developing its business, and further losses are anticipated. The Company requires additional funds to meet its obligations and the costs of its operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans in this regard are described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. DALE MATHESON CARR-HILTON LABONTE LLP CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS Vancouver, Canada December 10, 2010 F-2 INTERVIA INC. (A Development Stage Company) BALANCE SHEETS (Stated in US Dollars) January 31, January 31, 2010 2009 ASSETS TOTAL ASSETS $ - $ - LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT CURRENT LIABILITIES Accounts payable and accrued liabilities $ 27,631 $ 15,135 Due to related party (Note 2) 74,529 68,170 102,160 83,305 STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT Capital stock (Note 4) Authorized 75,000,000 common shares, $0.001 par value, Issued and outstanding 3,500,000 common shares (January 31, 2009 – 3,500,000) 3,500 3,500 Additional paid-in capital 71,000 71,000 Deficit accumulated during the development stage (176,660 ) (157,805 ) TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT (102,160 ) (83,305 ) TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT $ - $ - Going concern contingency (Note 1) Subsequent event (Note 6) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F-3 INTERVIA INC. (A Development Stage Company) STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Stated in US Dollars) February Year Year 2, 2005 ended ended (Inception) January January to January 31, 31, 31, 2010 2009 2010 Operating expenses Donated service $ - $ - $ 4,500 Office expenses - - 2,906 Professional fees 18,498 38,652 166,289 Transfer and filing fees 357 2,523 2,965 Net loss $ (18,855 ) $ (41,175 ) $ 176,660 Basic and diluted loss per share $ (0.01 ) $ (0.01 ) Weighted average number of shares outstanding – basic and diluted 3,500,000 3,500,000 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F-4 INTERVIA INC. (A Development Stage Company) STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT Deficit Accumulate Additional d During the Common Stock Paid-in Development Number Par Value Capital Stage Total Balance, February 2, 2005, (Date of Inception) - $ - $ - $ - $ - Capital stock issued for cash at $0.02 per share, October 30, 2005 (Note 4) 3,500,000 3,500 66,500 - 70,000 Net loss - - - (4,013 ) (4,013 ) Balance, January 31, 2006 3,500,000 3,500 66,500 (4,013 ) 65,987 Donated services - - 4,500 - 4,500 Net loss - - - (78,772 ) (78,772 ) Balance, January 31, 2007 3,500,000 3,500 71,000 (82,785 ) (8,285 ) Net loss - - - (33,845 ) (33,845 ) Balance, January 31, 2008 3,500,000 3,500 71,000 (116,630 ) (42,130 ) Net loss - - - (41,175 ) (41,175 ) Balance, January 31, 2009 3,500,000 3,500 71,000 (157,805 ) (83,305 ) Net loss - - - (18,855 ) (18,855 ) Balance, January 31, 2010 3,500,000 $ 3,500 $ 71,000 $ (176,660 ) $ (102,160 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F-5 INTERVIA INC. (A Development Stage Company) STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Stated in US Dollars) February 2, 2005 Year Year (Inception) ended ended to January 31, January 31, January 31, 2010 2009 2010 Operating Activities Net loss $ (18,855 ) $ (41,175 ) $ (176,660 ) Item not requiring use of cash Donated capital - - 4,500 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used by operating activities: - Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 12,496 10,865 27,631 Net cash used in operating activities (6,359 ) (30,310 ) (144,529 ) Financing Activities Due to related party 6,359 30,310 74,529 Issuance of common shares - - 70,000 Net cash provided by financing activities 6,359 30,310 144,529 Change in cash - - - Cash, beginning - - - Cash, ending $ - $ - $ - Supplemental cash flow information Cash paid for interest $ - $ - $ - Cash paid for income taxes $ - $ - $ - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F-6 INTERVIA INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS January 31, 2010 (Stated in US Dollars) 1. NATURE OF BUSINESS Intervia, Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on February 2, 2005. The Company was previously in the business of developing fuel cell products in China. During fiscal 2008, the Company suspended the development of their fuel cell products due to the inability to raise sufficient additional financing. Management is currently focusing on identifying, evaluating and negotiating new business opportunities. The Company is considered to be a development stage company, has no assets and has not generated any revenues from operations. The Company’s shares were de-listed from the OTC-BB subsequent to filing the 10Q for the period ended October 31, 2008. The Company has not been in compliance with the filing requirements of the Securities Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The Company is currently in the process of completing all the required filings with the SEC to enable the Company to reinstate its shares for trading on the OTC-BB. The Company will obtain additional funding by borrowing funds from its director and officer, or by private placement of common stock. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in its efforts to raise additional financing or if financing is available, that it will be on terms that are acceptable to the Company. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As of January 31, 2010, the Company has not yet achieved profitable operations and has accumulated a deficit of $176,660 since inception. Its ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the ability of the Company to obtain the necessary financing to meet its obligations and pay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. The outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with any certainty at this time which raises substantial doubt that the Company will be able to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to the amounts and classification of assets and liabilities that may be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management is also aware that material uncertainties exist, related to current economic conditions, which could cast doubt about the entity’s ability to continue to finance its activities. It is expected that the Company will incur further losses in the development of its business, all of which casts substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis of Presentation The financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“US GAAP”) and are expressed in U.S. dollars. The Company’s fiscal year-end is January 31. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates and assumptions. Significant areas requiring the use of management estimates relate to the expected tax rates for future income tax recoveries and determining the fair values of financial instruments. F-7 INTERVIA INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS January 31, 2010 (Stated in US Dollars) 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont’d) Other Comprehensive Income The Company follows standards for the reporting and display of comprehensive income (loss) and its components in the financial statements. During the years ended January 31, 2010 and 2009, the Company had no components that would cause comprehensive loss to be different than net loss. Income Taxes The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company accounts for uncertainty in income taxes by prescribing the recognition threshold that a tax position is required to meet before any part of the benefit of that position may be recognized in the financial statements. Basic and Diluted Loss per Share Basic loss per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential dilution that could occur if potentially dilutive securities were exercised or converted to common stock. The dilutive effect of options and warrants and their equivalent is computed by application of the treasury stock method and the effect of convertible securities by the “if converted” method. For the years presented, diluted loss per share is equal to basic loss per share as the Company does not have any dilutive securities. Financial Instruments The carrying value of the Company’s financial instruments, consisting of accounts payable and accrued liabilities and amounts due to related party approximates their fair value due to the short maturity of such instruments. Unless otherwise noted, it is management’s opinion that the Company is not exposed to significant interest, currency or credit risks arising from these financial instruments. Stock-based Compensation The Company records the compensation cost related to share-based payments, such as stock options and employee stock purchase plans, in the financial statements based on the grant-date fair value of the award. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In May 2009, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued guidance that establishes general standards of accounting for and disclosure of events that occur subsequent to the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued. The statement defines two types of subsequent events (1) recognized subsequent events, which provide additional evidence about conditions that existed at the balance sheet date, and (2) non-recognized subsequent events, which provide evidence about conditions that did not exist at the balance sheet date, but arose before the financial statements were issued. Recognized subsequent events are required to be recognized in the financial statements, and non-recognized subsequent events are required to be disclosed. The adoption had no material impact on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. F-8 INTERVIA INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS January 31, 2010 (Stated in US Dollars) 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont’d) Recent Accounting Pronouncements (cont’d) In June 2009, the FASB issued the Accounting Standards Codification, which establishes a sole source of US authoritative GAAP. The Codification is meant to simplify user access to all authoritative accounting guidance by reorganizing US GAAP pronouncements into approximately ninety accounting topics within a consistent structure; its purpose is not to create new accounting and reporting guidance. The adoption of this guidance did not have an effect on the Company’s results of operations, financial position or cash flows. Other pronouncements issued by the FASB or other authoritative accounting standards groups with future effective dates are either not applicable or are not expected to be significant to the financial statements of the Company. 3. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Amount due to related party at January 31, 2010 and 2009 is non-interest bearing, unsecured, with no stated terms of repayment. All related party transactions are measured at the exchange amount which is determined by management to approximate their fair value. 4. COMMON STOCK In October 2005, the Company issued 3,500,000 shares of common stock at a price of $0.02 per share for total proceeds of $70,000. Common shares The common shares of the Company are all of the same class, are voting and entitle stockholders to receive dividends. Upon liquidation or wind-up, stockholders are entitled to participate equally with respect to any distribution of net assets or any dividends which may be declared. Additional paid-in capital The excess of proceeds received for shares of common stock over their par value of $0.001, less share issue costs, is credited to additional paid-in capital. At January 31, 2010 and 2009, the Company had no issued or outstanding stock options or warrants. F-9 INTERVIA INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS January 31, 2010 (Stated in US Dollars) 5. INCOME TAXES The Company is subject to United States federal and state income taxes at an approximate rate of 34%. The reconciliation of the provision for income taxes at the United States federal statutory rate compared to the Company’s income tax expense as reported is as follows: 2010 2009 Net loss before income taxes $ (18,855 ) $ (41,175 ) Statutory tax rate 34% 34% Income tax recovery (6,400 ) (14,000 ) Valuation allowance 6,400 14,000 $ - $ - The amount taken into income as deferred income tax assets must reflect that portion of the income tax loss carry forwards that is more likely-than-not to be realized from future operations. The Company has chosen to provide a full valuation allowance against all available income tax loss carry forwards, regardless of their time of expiry. The Company has not filed income tax returns since inception in the United States. Tax authorities prescribe penalties for failing to file certain tax returns and supplemental disclosures. Upon filing there could be penalties and interest assessed. Such penalties vary by jurisdiction and by assessing practices and authorities. As the Company has incurred losses since inception there would be no known or anticipated exposure to penalties for income tax liability. However, certain jurisdictions may assess penalties for failing to file returns and other disclosures and for failing to file other supplementary information associated with foreign ownership, debt and equity positions. Inherent uncertainties arise over tax positions taken, or expected to be taken, with respect to transfer pricing, inter-company charges and allocations, financing charges, fees, related party transactions, tax credits, tax based incentives and stock based transactions. Management has considered the likelihood and significance of possible penalties associated with its current and intended filing positions and has determined, based on their assessment, that such penalties, if any, would not be expected to be material. No provision for income taxes has been provided in these financial statements due to the net loss for the years ended January 31, 2010 and 2009. At January 31, 2010, the Company has net operating loss carryforwards, which expire commencing in 2025. The potential tax benefit of these losses may be limited due to certain change in ownership provisions under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (“IRS”) and similar state provisions. IRS Section 382 places a limitation (the “Section 382 Limitation”) on the amount of taxable income which can be offset by net operating loss carryforwards after a change in control (generally greater than a 50% change in ownership) of a loss corporation. Generally, after a control change, a loss corporation cannot deduct operating loss carryforwards in excess of the Section 382 Limitation. Due to these “change in ownership” provisions, utilization of the net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards may be subject to an annual limitation regarding their utilization against taxable income in future periods. The Company has not concluded its analysis of Section 382 through January 31, 2009, but believes that the provisions will not limit the availability of losses to offset future income. F-10 INTERVIA INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS January 31, 2010 (Stated in US Dollars) 6. SUBSEQUENT EVENT On July 15, 2010, the Company entered into an Option Agreement to purchase a 100% interest in certain claims comprising the Proteus Property, located near Cobalt, Ontario. The agreement requires the Company to make the following payments and incur the following amounts on exploration and development: a) $25,000 cash upon the execution of the agreement (paid); b) an additional $25,000 cash and incur $75,000 in exploration expenditures by July 15, 2011; c) an additional $25,000 cash and incur an additional $100,000 in exploration expenditures by July 15, 2012; and d) incur an additional $150,000 in exploration expenditures by July 15, 2013. The property is subject to a 2% Net Smelter Royalty, which the Company has the right to purchase in 25% increments for $500,000, on or before 12 months from the date of production. F-11 INTERVIA INC. (A Development Stage Company) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS January 31, 2009 (Stated in US Dollars) REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM BALANCE SHEETS STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-12 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Intervia, Inc. We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Intervia, Inc. (a development stage company) as of January 31, 2009 and 2008 and the related statements of operations, stockholders’ deficit and cash flows for the years then ended and for the period from February 2, 2005 (inception) to January 31, 2009. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform an audit to obtain reasonable assurance whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, based on our audits, these financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Intervia, Inc. as of January 31, 2009 and 2008 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended and for the period from February 2, 2005 (inception) to January 31, 2009 in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has no assets, has not generated revenues since inception, has incurred losses in developing its business, and further losses are anticipated. The Company requires additional funds to meet its obligations and the costs of its operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans in this regard are described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. DALE MATHESON CARR-HILTON LABONTE LLP CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS Vancouver, Canada December 6, 2010 F-13 INTERVIA INC. (A Development Stage Company) BALANCE SHEETS (Stated in US Dollars) January 31, January 31, 2009 2008 ASSETS TOTAL ASSETS $ - $ - LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT CURRENT LIABILITIES Accounts payable and accrued liabilities $ 15,135 $ 4,270 Due to related party (Note 2) 68,170 37,860 TOTAL LIABILITIES 83,305 42,130 STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT Capital stock (Note 4) Authorized 75,000,000 common shares, $0.001 par value, Issued and outstanding 3,500,000 common shares (January 31, 2008 – 3,500,000) 3,500 3,500 Additional paid-in capital 71,000 71,000 Deficit accumulated during the development stage (157,805 ) (116,630 ) TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT (83,305 ) (42,130 ) TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT $ - $ - Going concern contingency (Note 1) Subsequent event (Note 6) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F-14 INTERVIA INC. (A Development Stage Company) STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Stated in US Dollars) Year Year February ended ended 2, 2005 January January (Inception) 31, 31, to January 31, 2009 2008 2009 Operating Expenses Donated service $ - $ - $ 4,500 Office expenses - 821 2,906 Professional fees 38,652 32,939 147,791 Transfer agent and filing fees 2,523 85 2,608 Net loss $ (41,175 ) $ (33,845 ) $ (157,805 ) Basic and diluted loss per share $ (0.01 ) $ (0.01 ) Weighted average number of shares outstanding – basic and diluted 3,500,000 3,500,000 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F-15 INTERVIA INC. (A Development Stage Company) STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT (Stated in US Dollars) Deficit Accumulate Additional d During the Common Stock Paid-in Development Number Par Value Capital Stage Total Balance, February 2, 2005, (Date of Inception) - $ - $ - $ - $ - Capital stock issued for cash at $0.02 per share, October 30, 2005 (Note 4) 3,500,000 3,500 66,500 - 70,000 Net loss - - - (4,013 ) (4,013 ) Balance, January 31, 2006 3,500,000 3,500 66,500 (4,013 ) 65,987 Donated services (Note 3) - - 4,500 - 4,500 Net loss - - - (78,772 ) (78,772 ) Balance, January 31, 2007 3,500,000 3,500 71,000 (82,785 ) (8,285 ) Net loss - - - (33,845 ) (33,845 ) Balance, January 31, 2008 3,500,000 3,500 71,000 (116,630 ) (42,130 ) Net loss - - - (41,175 ) (41,175 ) Balance, January 31, 2009 3,500,000 $ 3,500 $ 71,000 $ (157,805 ) $ (83,305 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F-16 INTERVIA INC. (A Development Stage Company) STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Stated in US Dollars) Year Year February ended ended 2, 2005 January January (Inception ) to 31, 31, January 31, 2009 2008 2009 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss $ (41,175 ) $ (33,845 ) $ (157,805 ) Item not requiring use of cash Donated capital - - 4,500 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used by operating activities: Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 10,865 4,270 15,135 Cash flows used in operating activities (30,310 ) (29,575 ) (138,170 ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Due to related party 30,310 29,575 68,170 Issuance of common shares - - 70,000 Cash flow from financing activities 30,310 29,575 138,170 Change in cash - - - Cash, beginning - - - Cash, ending $ - $ - $ - Supplemental cash flow information Cash paid for interest $ - $ - $ - Cash paid for income taxes $ - $ - $ - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F-17 INTERVIA INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS January 31, 2009 (Stated in US Dollars) 1. NATURE OF BUSINESS Intervia, Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on February 2, 2005. The Company was previously in the business of developing fuel cell products in China. During fiscal 2008, the Company suspended the development of their fuel cell products due to the inability to raise sufficient additional financing. Management is currently focusing on identifying, evaluating and negotiating new business opportunities. Subsequent to year end, the Company entered into an Option Agreement (the “Agreement”) to purchase an interest in a mineral property (Note 6). The Company is considered to be a development stage company, has no assets and has not generated any revenues from operations. The Company’s shares were de-listed from the OTC-BB subsequent to filing the 10Q for the period ended October 31, 2008. The Company has not been in compliance with the filing requirements of the Securities Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The Company is currently in the process of completing all the required filings with the SEC to enable the Company to reinstate its shares for trading on the OTC-BB. The Company will obtain additional funding by borrowing funds from its director and officer, or by private placement of common stock. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in its efforts to raise additional financing or if financing is available, that it will be on terms that are acceptable to the Company. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As of January 31, 2009, the Company has not yet achieved profitable operations and has accumulated a deficit of $157,805 since inception. Its ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the ability of the Company to obtain the necessary financing to meet its obligations and pay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. The outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with any certainty at this time which raises substantial doubt that the Company will be able to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to the amounts and classification of assets and liabilities that may be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management is also aware that material uncertainties exist, related to current economic conditions, which could cast doubt about the entity’s ability to continue to finance its activities. It is expected that the Company will incur further losses in the development of its business, all of which casts substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis of Presentation The financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“US GAAP”) and are expressed in U.S. dollars. The Company’s fiscal year-end is January 31. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates and assumptions. Significant areas F-18 INTERVIA INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS January 31, 2009 (Stated in US Dollars) 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont’d) Use of Estimates (cont’d) requiring the use of management estimates relate to the expected tax rates for future income tax recoveries and determining the fair values of financial instruments. Other Comprehensive Income The Company follows standards for the reporting and display of comprehensive income (loss) and its components in the financial statements. During the years ended January 31, 2009 and 2008, the Company had no components that would cause comprehensive loss to be different than net loss. Income Taxes The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company accounts for uncertainty in income taxes by prescribing the recognition threshold that a tax position is required to meet before any part of the benefit of that position may be recognized in the financial statements. Basic and Diluted Loss per Share Basic loss per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential dilution that could occur if potentially dilutive securities were exercised or converted to common stock. The dilutive effect of options and warrants and their equivalent is computed by application of the treasury stock method and the effect of convertible securities by the “if converted” method. For the years presented, diluted loss per share is equal to basic loss per share as the Company does not have any dilutive securities. Financial Instruments The carrying value of the Company’s financial instruments, consisting of accounts payable and accrued liabilities and amounts due to related party approximates their fair value due to the short maturity of such instruments. Unless otherwise noted, it is management’s opinion that the Company is not exposed to significant interest, currency or credit risks arising from these financial instruments. Stock-based Compensation The Company records the compensation cost related to share-based payments, such as stock options and employee stock purchase plans, in the financial statements based on the grant-date fair value of the award. F-19 INTERVIA INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS January 31, 2009 (Stated in US Dollars) 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont’d) Recent Accounting Pronouncements In May 2009, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued guidance that establishes general standards of accounting for and disclosure of events that occur subsequent to the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued. The statement defines two types of subsequent events (1) recognized subsequent events, which provide additional evidence about conditions that existed at the balance sheet date, and (2) non-recognized subsequent events, which provide evidence about conditions that did not exist at the balance sheet date, but arose before the financial statements were issued. Recognized subsequent events are required to be recognized in the financial statements, and non-recognized subsequent events are required to be disclosed. The adoption had no material impact on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In June 2009, the FASB issued the Accounting Standards Codification, which establishes a sole source of US authoritative GAAP. The Codification is meant to simplify user access to all authoritative accounting guidance by reorganizing US GAAP pronouncements into approximately ninety accounting topics within a consistent structure; its purpose is not to create new accounting and reporting guidance. The adoption of this guidance did not have an effect on the Company’s results of operations, financial position or cash flows. Other pronouncements issued by the FASB or other authoritative accounting standards groups with future effective dates are either not applicable or are not expected to be significant to the financial statements of the Company. 3. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS The Company recognized donated services from May 1, 2006 to January 31, 2007 to directors of the Company for office administration fees and rent of office premises, valued at $500 per month. During the year ended January 31, 2009, the Company has recorded $Nil (2008 - $Nil) in donated services. Amount due to related party at January 31, 2009 and 2008 is non-interest bearing, unsecured, with no stated terms of repayment. All related party transactions are measured at the exchange amount which is determined by management to approximate their fair value. 4. COMMON STOCK In October 2005, the Company issued 3,500,000 shares of common stock at a price of $0.02 per share for total proceeds of $70,000. Common shares The common shares of the Company are all of the same class, are voting and entitle stockholders to receive dividends. Upon liquidation or wind-up, stockholders are entitled to participate equally with respect to any distribution of net assets or any dividends which may be declared. Additional paid-in capital The excess of proceeds received for shares of common stock over their par value of $0.001, less share issue costs, is credited to additional paid-in capital. At January 31, 2009 and 2008, the Company had no issued or outstanding stock options or warrants. F-20 INTERVIA INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS January 31, 2009 (Stated in US Dollars) 5. INCOME TAXES The Company is subject to United States federal and state income taxes at an approximate rate of 34%. The reconciliation of the provision for income taxes at the United States federal statutory rate compared to the Company’s income tax expense as reported is as follows: 2009 2008 Net loss before income taxes $ (41,175 ) $ (33,845 ) Statutory tax rate 34% 34% Income tax recovery (14,000 ) (11,507 ) Valuation allowance 14,000 11,507 $ - $ - The amount taken into income as deferred income tax assets must reflect that portion of the income tax loss carry forwards that is more likely-than-not to be realized from future operations. The Company has chosen to provide a full valuation allowance against all available income tax loss carry forwards, regardless of their time of expiry. The Company has not filed income tax returns since inception in the United States. Tax authorities prescribe penalties for failing to file certain tax returns and supplemental disclosures. Upon filing there could be penalties and interest assessed. Such penalties vary by jurisdiction and by assessing practices and authorities. As the Company has incurred losses since inception there would be no known or anticipated exposure to penalties for income tax liability. However, certain jurisdictions may assess penalties for failing to file returns and other disclosures and for failing to file other supplementary information associated with foreign ownership, debt and equity positions. Inherent uncertainties arise over tax positions taken, or expected to be taken, with respect to transfer pricing, inter-company charges and allocations, financing charges, fees, related party transactions, tax credits, tax based incentives and stock based transactions. Management has considered the likelihood and significance of possible penalties associated with its current and intended filing positions and has determined, based on their assessment, that such penalties, if any, would not be expected to be material. No provision for income taxes has been provided in these financial statements due to the net loss for the years ended January 31, 2009 and 2008. At January 31, 2009, the Company has net operating loss carryforwards, which expire commencing in 2025. The potential tax benefit of these losses may be limited due to certain change in ownership provisions under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (“IRS”) and similar state provisions. IRS Section 382 places a limitation (the “Section 382 Limitation”) on the amount of taxable income which can be offset by net operating loss carryforwards after a change in control (generally greater than a 50% change in ownership) of a loss corporation. Generally, after a control change, a loss corporation cannot deduct operating loss carryforwards in excess of the Section 382 Limitation. F-21 Due to these “change in ownership” provisions, utilization of the net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards may be subject to an annual limitation regarding their utilization against taxable income in future periods. The Company has not concluded its analysis of Section 382 through January 31, 2009, but believes that the provisions will not limit the availability of losses to offset future income. F-22 INTERVIA INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS January 31, 2009 (Stated in US Dollars) 6. SUBSEQUENT EVENT On July 15, 2010, the Company entered into an Option Agreement to purchase a 100% interest in certain claims comprising the Proteus Property, located near Cobalt, Ontario. The agreement requires the Company to make the following payments and incur the following amounts on exploration and development: a) $25,000 cash upon the execution of the agreement (paid); b) an additional $25,000 cash and incur $75,000 in exploration expenditures by July 15, 2011; c) an additional $25,000 cash and incur an additional $100,000 in exploration expenditures by July 15, 2012; and d) incur an additional $150,000 in exploration expenditures by July 15, 2013. The property is subject to a 2% Net Smelter Royalty, which the Company has the right to purchase in 25% increments for $500,000, on or before 12 months from the date of production. F-23 INTERVIA INC. (A Development Stage Company) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS October 31, 2010 (Unaudited) F-24 INTERVIA INC. (A Development Stage Company) BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited) October 31 January 31, 2010 2010 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS Cash $ 54,160 $ - 54,160 - RESOURCE PROPERTY (Note 2) 25,000 - $ 79,160 $ - LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT CURRENT LIABILITIES Accounts payable and accrued liabilities $ 18,595 $ 27,632 Due to related party 174,489 74,529 193,084 102,161 STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT Capital stock Authorized 75,000,000 common shares, $0.001 par value, Issued and outstanding 3,500,000 common shares (January 31, 2010 – 3,500,000) 3,500 3,500 Additional paid in capital 71,000 71,000 Deficit accumulated during the development stage (188,424 ) (176,661 ) (113,924 ) (102,161 ) $ 79,160 $ - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F-25 INTERVIA INC. (A Development Stage Company) STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited) Cumulative from Three Three Nine Nine February 2, months months months months 2005 ended ended ended ended (Inception) to October 31, October 31, October 31, October 31, October 31, 2010 2009 2010 2009 2010 Expenses Donated service $ - $ - $ - $ - $ 4,500 Office expenses - - - - 2,906 Professional fees 6,691 1,571 11,106 9,927 177,395 Transfer and filing fees 1,110 - 1,110 357 4,075 Foreign exchange gain (453 ) (453 ) - - (453 ) Net loss $ 7,348 $ 1,571 $ 11,763 $ 10,284 $ 188,423 Basic and diluted loss per share $ (0.00 ) $ (0.00 ) $ (0.00 ) $ (0.00 ) Weighted average number of shares outstanding 3,500,000 3,500,000 3,500,000 3,500,000 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F-26 INTERVIA INC. (A Development Stage Company) STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Stated in US Dollars) (Unaudited) Cumulative from February 2, 2005 Nine Nine (Inception) months months to ended ended October October October 31, 31, 31, 2010 2009 2010 Operating Activities Net loss $ (11,763 ) $ (10,284 ) $ (188,424 ) Item not requiring use of cash Donated capital - - 4,500 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used by operating activities: Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued liabilities (9,037 ) 3,925 18,595 Net cash used in operating activities (20,800 ) (6,359 ) (165,329 ) Financing Activities Due to related party 99,960 6,359 174,489 Issuance of common shares - - 70,000 Net cash provided by financing activities 99,960 6,359 244,489 Investing Activity Acquisition of resource property (25,000 ) - (25,000 ) Net cash used in investing activity (25,000 ) - (25,000 ) Change in cash 54,160 - 54,160 Cash, beginning - - - Cash, ending $ 54,160 $ - $ 54,160 Supplemental cash flow information Cash paid for interest $ - $ - $ - Cash paid for income taxes $ - $ - $ - The accompanying note is an integral part of these financial statements F-27 INTERVIA INC. (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS October 31,2010 (Unaudited) 1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION Unaudited Interim Financial Statements The accompanying unaudited interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial information and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. They may not include all information and footnotes required by United States generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. However, except as disclosed herein, there has been no material changes in the information disclosed in the notes to the financial statements for the year ended January 31, 2010 included in the Company’s Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The unaudited interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with those financial statements included in the Form 10-K. In the opinion of Management, all adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation, consisting solely of normal recurring adjustments, have been made. Operating results for the nine months ended October 31, 2010 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending January 31, 2011. Management has evaluated events occurring between the end of the fiscal quarter, October 31, 2010 to the date when the financial statements were issued. 2. RESOURCE PROPERTY Proteus Property On July 15, 2010, the Company entered into an Option Agreement to purchase a 100% interest in certain claims comprising Proteus Property, located near Cobalt, Ontario. To complete the option, the agreement requires the Company to make the following payments and incur the following amounts on exploration and development: a) $25,000 upon the execution of the agreement (paid); b) an additional $25,000 cash and incur $75,000 in exploration expenditures by July 15, 2011; c) an additional $25,000 cash and incur an additional $100,000 in exploration expenditures by July 15, 2012; and d) incur an additional $150,000 in exploration expenditures by July 15, 2013. The property is subject to a 2% Net Smelter Royalty, which the Company has the right to purchase in 25% increments for $500,000, on or before 12 months from the date of production. F-28 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, including the notes thereto, appearing elsewhere in this Prospectus. The discussion of results, causes and trends should not be construed to imply any conclusion that these results or trends will necessarily continue into the future. Forward Looking Statements This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are “forward-looking statements” for the purposes of this Prospectus, including any projections of earnings, revenues, or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies, and objectives of management for future operation; any statements concerning proposed new products, services, or developments; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; statements of belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Such forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Overview We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on February 2, 2005. Our original business plan was to develop fuel cell technology and produce fuel cells in China for indoor forklifts, scooters, and personal watercraft, such as dive submersibles, that require a small sized fuel cell with longevity of use and silent operation. During fiscal 2009 we suspended the development of our products and business plan due to a lack of financing. As of the date hereof, we have not been successful in our development of fuel cell technology and production of fuel cells. Historically, we have been able to raise a limited amount of capital through private placements of our equity stock, but we are uncertain about our continued ability to raise funds privately. On October 15, 2010, we entered into an Option Agreement to purchase a 100% interest in the Proteus Property located near Cobalt, Ontario, an area known historically for the production of silver ore and more recently, diamond prospecting. The property consists of three mineral claims comprising nine units. The agreement requires our company to make the following payments and incur the following amounts on exploration and development: a) $25,000 cash upon the execution of the agreement (paid); b) an additional $25,000 cash and incur $75,000 in exploration expenditures by July 15, 2011; c) an additional $25,000 cash and incur an additional $100,000 in exploration expenditures by July 15, 2012; and d) incur an additional $150,000 in exploration expenditures by July 15, 2013. The property is subject to a 2% Net Smelter Royalty, which our company has the right to purchase in 25% increments for $500,000, on or before 12 months from the date of entering into production. 27 With the entering into of the Option Agreement, we changed our business and are now a mineral exploration company with a focus on the Proteus Property. We now endeavor to plan and implement an exploration program for our Proteus Property for spring 2011. Since we are an exploration stage company, there is no assurance that a commercially viable mineral reserve exists on any of our current or future properties, To date, we do not know if an economically viable mineral reserve exists on our property and there is no assurance that we will discover one. Even if we do eventually discover a mineral reserve on our property, there can be no assurance that we will be able to develop our property into a producing mine and extract those resources. Both mineral exploration and development involve a high degree of risk and few properties which are explored are ultimately developed into producing mines. Our current operational focus is to raise sufficient financing to devise and execute a plan of exploration for our Proteus Property and, if warranted, to fulfill the terms of our option agreement in respect of that property. To date we have not identified any sources of additional financing. If we are unable to identify and secure additional financing, we intend to delay, scale back, or eliminate our anticipated exploration program, or otherwise revise our business plan as required in order to sustain our day to day operations. Purchase of Significant Equipment We do not intend to purchase any significant equipment during the twelve months beginning November 1, 2011. Personnel Plan We do not expect any material changes in the number of employees during the twelve months beginning November 1, 2011. We do and will continue to outsource contract employment as needed. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements There are no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. Our principal capital resources have been through the subscription and issuance of common stock, although we have also used stockholder loans and advances from related parties. Cash Requirements We intend to conduct exploration activities on our newly optioned property during the twelve months beginning November 1, 2011. We estimate our operating expenses and working capital requirements for the twelve month period beginning November 1, 2011 to be as follows: Estimated Expenses For the Twelve Month Period Beginning November 1, 2010 Operating Expenses $ 100,000 Exploration $ 500,000 Total $ 600,000 At present, our cash requirements for the next 12 months (beginning November 1, 2011) outweigh the funds available to maintain or develop our properties. Of the $600,000 that we require for the next 12 months, $54,160 in cash as of October 31, 2010, and a working capital deficit of $138,924. 28 In order to improve our liquidity, we plan pursue additional equity financing from private investors or possibly a registered public offering. we do not currently have any definitive arrangements in place for the completion of any further private placement financings and there is no assurance that we will be successful in completing any further private placement financings. If we are unable to achieve the necessary additional financing, then we plan to reduce the amounts that we spend on our business activities and administrative expenses in order to be within the amount of capital resources that are available to us. To that end, we estimate that the cost of maintaining nominal corporate operations will be approximately $3,500 per month or $42,000 over 12 months. Results of Operations for the nine month periods ended October 31, 2010 and 2009, for the period from Inception (June 20, 2006) to October 31, 2010, for the Fiscal Years ended January 31, 2010, January 31, 2009 and January 31, 2008, and for the period from Inception (February 5 ,2005)) to January 31, 2010. The following summary of our results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements for the nine months ended October 31, 2010 and for the years ended January 31, 2010 and January 31, 2009. Our operating results for the years ended January 31, 2010, January 31, 2009, January 31, 2008 and for the period from Inception (February 5, 2005) to October 31, 2010 are summarized as follows: Inception Nine Months Year (February 2, Ended Ended 2005) October 31 January 31 to October 31, 2010 2010 2009 2010 2009 2008 2010 Revenue $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ Operating Expenses $ 11,763 $ 10,284 $ 18,855 $ 41,175 $ 33,845 $ 188,423 Net Loss $ 11,763 $ 10,284 $ - $ - $ - $ 188,423 Revenues We did not earn any revenues from our inception through the quarter ended October 31, 2010 and have not subsequently earned any revenues. Operating Expenses Our expenses for the nine month periods ended October 31, 2010 and October 31, 2009, and for the period from Inception (February 2, 2005) to October 31, 2010 are outlined in the table below: 29 Nine months ended October 31, 2010 Nine months ended October 31, 2009 Year Ended January 31, 2010 Year ended January 31, 2009 Year ended January 31, 2008 Inception (February 2, 2005) to October 31, 2010 Donated Services $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ 4,500 Office Expenses $ - $ - $ - $ $ 821 $ 2,906 Professional Fees $ 11,106 $ 9,927 $ 18,498 $ 38,653 $ 32,939 $ 177,395 Transfer and Filing Fees $ 1,110 $ 357 $ 357 $ 2,523 $ 85 $ 4,075 Foreign Exchange Gain (Loss) $ (453 ) $ - $ - $ - $ - $ (453 ) Operating expenses for the nine months ended October 31, 2010 increased by 14% as compared to the comparative period in October 31, 2009 primarily as a result of an increase in professional fees and transfer and filing fees. The decrease in expenses during fiscal 2010 as compared to the same periods in fiscal 2009 and 2008 was mainly due to a decrease in professional and transfer agent and filing fees following the suspension of our original business plan at the end of fiscal 2009. Liquidity and Financial Condition as at October 31, 2010, January 31, 2010, January 31, 2009, and January 31, 2008. Our financial position as at October 31, 2010, January 31, 2010, January 31, 2009, and January 31, 2008 was as follows: Working Capital As at As at As at As at October 31, January 31, January 31, January 31, 2010 2010 2009 2008 $ $ $ $ Current Assets 54,160 Nil Nil Nil Current Liabilities 193,084 102,161 83,305 42,130 Working Capital (Deficiency) (138,924 ) (102,161 ) (83,305 ) (42,130 ) 30 Cash Flows Nine Nine Months Months At At At Ended Ended January January January October October 31, 2010 31, 2009 31, 2008 31, 2010 31, 2009 $ $ $ $ $ Net cash used in operations (20,800 ) (6,359 ) (6,359 ) (30,310 ) (29,575 ) Net cash used in investing activities (25,000 ) Nil Nil Nil Nil Net cash provided by financing activities 99,960 6,359 6,359 30,310 29,575 Increase In Cash During The Period 54,160 Nil Nil Nil Nil We had cash in the amount of $Nil as of January 31, 2009 as compared to $Nil as of January 31, 2008. We had a working capital deficit of $83,305 as of January 31, 2009 compared to working capital deficit of $42,130 as of January 31, 2008. The increase in net cash used in operations for the year ended January 31, 2009, compared to the same period in fiscal 2008, was mainly due to the inactivity of our company. We had cash in the amount of $Nil as of January 31, 2010 as compared to $Nil as of January 31, 2009. We had a working capital deficit of $102,160 as of January 31, 2010 compared to working capital deficit of $83,305 as of January 31, 2009. The decrease in net cash used in operations for the year ended January 31, 2010, compared to the same period in fiscal 2009, was mainly due to the inactivity of our company. Our net cash used by operating activities for the nine months ended October 31, 2010 was $20,800 compared with $6,359 for the nine months ended October 31, 2009. Our management believes that we will need additional funding in order to meet our operating expenses. Future Financings Over the next 12 months beginning November 1, 2011, we will require additional funds in order to execute our business plan These funds may be raised through equity financing, debt financing, or other sources, which may result in further dilution in the equity ownership of our shares. There is still no assurance that we will be able to maintain operations at a level sufficient for an investor to obtain a return on his investment in our common stock. Furthermore, we will continue to be unprofitable. Contractual Obligations As a “smaller reporting company”, we are not required to provide tabular disclosure obligations. Going Concern We have not generated any revenues since our inception and we will continue to incur operating expenses without revenues for the foreseeable future. Our net loss from February 2, 2005 (date of inception) to October 31, 2010 was $188,423. We had cash of $54,160 as of October 31, 2010. We currently do not have any operations and we have no income. We estimate our average monthly operating expenses to be approximately $50,000 each month, including exploration expenses. We cannot provide assurances that we will be able to successfully explore our mineral property and develop our business. 31 These circumstances raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern as described in an explanatory paragraph to our independent auditors’ report on our audited financial statements for the year ended January 31, 2010. If we are unable to continue as a going concern, investors will likely lose all of their investments in our company. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on additional sources of capital and the success of our plan. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts, or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to stockholders. APPLICATION OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates and assumptions. Significant areas requiring the use of management estimates relate to the expected tax rates for future income tax recoveries and determining the fair values of financial instruments. Other Comprehensive Income Our company follows standards for the reporting and display of comprehensive income (loss) and our components in the financial statements. During the years ended January 31, 2010 and 2009, our company had no components that would cause comprehensive loss to be different than net loss. Income Taxes Our company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Our company accounts for uncertainty in income taxes by prescribing the recognition threshold that a tax position is required to meet before any part of the benefit of that position may be recognized in the financial statements. Basic and Diluted Loss per Share Basic loss per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential dilution that could occur if potentially dilutive securities were exercised or converted to common stock. 32 The dilutive effect of options and warrants and their equivalent is computed by application of the treasury stock method and the effect of convertible securities by the “if converted” method. For the years presented, diluted loss per share is equal to basic loss per share as our company does not have any dilutive securities. Financial Instruments The carrying value of our company’s financial instruments, consisting of accounts payable and accrued liabilities and amounts due to related party approximates their fair value due to the short maturity of such instruments. Unless otherwise noted, it is management’s opinion that our company is not exposed to significant interest, currency or credit risks arising from these financial instruments. Stock-based Compensation Our company records the compensation cost related to share-based payments, such as stock options and employee stock purchase plans, in the financial statements based on the grant-date fair value of the award. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS In May 2009, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued guidance that establishes general standards of accounting for and disclosure of events that occur subsequent to the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued. The statement defines two types of subsequent events (1) recognized subsequent events, which provide additional evidence about conditions that existed at the balance sheet date, and (2) non-recognized subsequent events, which provide evidence about conditions that did not exist at the balance sheet date, but arose before the financial statements were issued. Recognized subsequent events are required to be recognized in the financial statements, and non-recognized subsequent events are required to be disclosed. The adoption had no material impact on our company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In June 2009, the FASB issued the Accounting Standards Codification, which establishes a sole source of US authoritative GAAP. The Codification is meant to simplify user access to all authoritative accounting guidance by reorganizing US GAAP pronouncements into approximately ninety accounting topics within a consistent structure; our purpose is not to create new accounting and reporting guidance. The adoption of this guidance did not have an effect on our company’s results of operations, financial position or cash flows. Other pronouncements issued by the FASB or other authoritative accounting standards groups with future effective dates are either not applicable or are not expected to be significant to the financial statements of our company. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE We have not had any changes in or disagreements with our independent public accountants during the last two fiscal years or in subsequent interim periods. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The following individuals serve as the directors and executive officers of our company as of the date of this annual report. All directors of our company hold office until the next annual meeting of our shareholders or until their successors have been elected and qualified. The executive officers of our company are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until their death, resignation or removal from office. 33 Name Position Held with the Company Age Date First Elected or Appointed Patrick Laferriere President, Secretary, Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 35 August 26, 2010 Business Experience The following is a brief account of the education and business experience during at least the past five years of each director, executive officer and key employee of our company, indicating the person’s principal occupation during that period, and the name and principal business of the organization in which such occupation and employment were carried out. Patrick Laferriere – President, Secretary, Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer and Director Mr. Laferriere has over 12 years experience in project management and development. Since 2005 Mr. Laferriere has served as General Manager for Quesnel Inc, an Ontario based food distributor. There Mr. Laferriere oversaw and controlled the daily operations. In 1997 Mr. Laferriere started his business career as director of sales for R.B Distributors, a Northern Ontario specialized food distributor. Mr. Laferriere was appointed vice president in 2000 where he was instrumental in doubling sales. Mr. Laferriere’s vision, integrity and leadership have led him to participate in startup companies who relied on him to oversee their entire business and to control the bottom line. Family Relationships Not applicable as we have a sole director and officer. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings None of our directors, executive officers, promoters or control persons has been involved in any of the following events during the past five years: 1. A petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing; 2. Such person was convicted in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 3. Such person was the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: i. Acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity 34 ii. Engaging in any type of business practice; or iii. Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; 4. Such person was the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described in paragraph (f) (3) (i) of this section, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 5. Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 6. Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 7. Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: i. Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or ii. Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or iii. Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 8. Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. Other Directorships Our sole director does not hold any other directorships in any company with a class of securities registered pursuant to section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of section 15(d) of such Act or any company registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 35 Board of Directors and Director Nominees The Board will consider candidates for directors proposed by security holders, although no formal procedures for submitting candidates have been adopted. Unless otherwise determined, at any time not less than 90 days prior to the next annual Board meeting at which a slate of director nominees is adopted, the Board will accept written submissions from proposed nominees that include the name, address and telephone number of the proposed nominee; a brief statement of the nominee’s qualifications to serve as a director; and a statement as to why the security holder submitting the proposed nominee believes that the nomination would be in the best interests of our security holders. If the proposed nominee is not the same person as the security holder submitting the name of the nominee, a letter from the nominee agreeing to the submission of his or her name for consideration should be provided at the time of submission. The letter should be accompanied by a résumé supporting the nominee’s qualifications to serve on the Board, as well as a list of references. The Board identifies director nominees through a combination of referrals from different people, including management, existing Board members and security holders. Once a candidate has been identified, the Board reviews the individual’s experience and background and may discuss the proposed nominee with the source of the recommendation. If the Board believes it to be appropriate, Board members may meet with the proposed nominee before making a final determination whether to include the proposed nominee as a member of the slate of director nominees submitted to security holders for election to the Board. Some of the factors which the Board considers when evaluating proposed nominees include their knowledge of and experience in business matters, finance, capital markets and mergers and acquisitions. The Board may request additional information from each candidate prior to reaching a determination, and it is under no obligation to formally respond to all recommendations, although as a matter of practice, it will endeavor to do so. Conflicts of Interest Our directors are not obligated to commit their full time and attention to our business and, accordingly, they may encounter a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and those of other businesses. In the course of their other business activities, they may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as other entities to which they owe a fiduciary duty. As a result, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. They may also in the future become affiliated with entities, engaged in business activities similar to those we intend to conduct. In general, officers and directors of a corporation are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; the opportunity is within the corporation’s line of business; and it would be unfair to the corporation and its stockholders not to bring the opportunity to the attention of the corporation. We plan to adopt a code of ethics that obligates our directors, officers and employees to disclose potential conflicts of interest and prohibits those persons from engaging in such transactions without our consent. 36 Audit Committee Our board of directors has determined that it does not have a member of its audit committee that qualifies as an "audit committee financial expert" as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K, and is "independent" as the term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv) of Schedule 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We believe that our sole director directors is capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. We believe that retaining an independent director who would qualify as an "audit committee financial expert" would be prohibitively costly is not warranted in our circumstances given the early stages of our development and the fact that we have not generated any revenues to date. In addition, we currently do not have nominating, compensation or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor do we have a written nominating, compensation or audit committee charter. Our board of directors does not believe that it is necessary to have such committees because it believes the functions of such committees can be adequately performed by our board of directors. Other Committees We currently do not have any compensation or nominations committee or a compensation or nomination committee charter. We presently have a sole officer and director; if we expand our board of directors to three or more members, we intend to establish a compensation committee, and while we have no plans to establish a nominations committee, we will reevaluate our requirements for a nominations committee. Code of Ethics Our company's board of directors adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to, among other persons, members of our board of directors, our company's officers including our president, chief executive officer and chief financial officer, employees, consultants and advisors. As adopted, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics sets forth written standards that are designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote: 1. honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships; 2. full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that we file with, or submit to, the Securities and Exchange Commission and in other public communications made by us; 3. compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations; 4. the prompt internal reporting of violations of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to an appropriate person or persons identified in the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; and 5. accountability for adherence to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics requires, among other things, that all of our company's Senior Officers commit to timely, accurate and consistent disclosure of information; that they maintain confidential information; and that they act with honesty and integrity. In addition, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics emphasizes that all employees, and particularly Senior Officers, have a responsibility for maintaining financial integrity within our company, consistent with generally accepted accounting principles, and federal and state securities laws. Any Senior Officer who becomes aware of any incidents involving financial or accounting manipulation or other irregularities, whether by witnessing the incident or being told of it, must report it to our company. Any failure to report such inappropriate or irregular conduct of others is to be treated as a severe disciplinary matter. 37 It is against our company policy to retaliate against any individual who reports in good faith the violation or potential violation of our company's Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by another. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is being filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibit 14.1 to our annual report for the year ended January 31, 2009. We will provide a copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to any person without charge, upon request. Requests can be sent to: Intervia Inc., 3702 South Virginia Street, Suite G12-401, Reno, NV 89502. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The particulars of the compensation paid to the following persons: our principal executive officer; each of our two most highly compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers at the end of the years ended January 31, 2010 and 2009; and up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided under (b) but for the fact that the individual was not serving as our executive officer at the end of the years ended January 31, 2010 and 2009, who we will collectively refer to as the named executive officers of our company, are set out in the following summary compensation table, except that no disclosure is provided for any named executive officer, other than our principal executive officers, whose total compensation did not exceed $100,000 for the respective fiscal year: SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and Principal Position Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) Stock Awards ($) Option Awards ($) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensatio n ($) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) All Other Compensa tion ($) Total ($) Patrick Laferriere (1) President, Secretary, Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 2010 2009 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Glenn Morimoto (2) Former President, Secretary, Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 2010 2009 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil 38 (1) Mr. Laferriere was elected a director and appointed President, Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer on August 26, 2010. (2) Mr. Morimoto was elected a director and appointed President, Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer on March 5, 2007 and resigned all positions on August 26, 2010. There are no compensatory plans or arrangements with respect to our executive officers resulting from their resignation, retirement or other termination of employment or from a change of control. Stock Option Plan Currently, we do not have a stock option plan in favor of any director, officer, consultant or employee of our company. Stock Options/SAR Grants During our fiscal year ended January 31, 2010 there were no options granted to our named officers or directors. Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End No equity awards were outstanding as of the year ended January 31, 2010. Option Exercises During our Fiscal year ended January 31, 2010 there were no options exercised by our named officers . Compensation of Directors We do not have any agreements for compensating our directors for their services in their capacity as directors, although such directors are expected in the future to receive stock options to purchase shares of our common stock as awarded by our board of directors. We have determined that none of our directors are independent directors, as that term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv)(B) of Schedule 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended, and as defined by Rule 4200(a)(15) of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We have no material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock options may be granted at the discretion of the board of directors or a committee thereof. Indebtedness of Directors, Senior Officers, Executive Officers and Other Management None of our directors or executive officers or any associate or affiliate of our company during the last two fiscal years, is or has been indebted to our company by way of guarantee, support agreement, letter of credit or other similar agreement or understanding currently outstanding. 39 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth, as of November 22, 2010, certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common shares by each shareholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our common shares, as well as by each of our current directors and executive officers as a group. Each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock, except as otherwise indicated. Beneficial ownership consists of a direct interest in the shares of common stock, except as otherwise indicated. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Title of Class Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percentage of Class (1) Patrick Laferriere (2) 823 Ontario ST. Sudbury, Ontario, Canada P3L 4L1 Common Nil 0.0% Directors and Officers as a group Common Nil 0.0% Chan Lit Sang 601, 6 th Floor, Wah Yuen Bld., Queens Road Central Hong Kong Common 1,200,000 7.74 Wong Ching Man Vienna Blk 23/7 Hoi Tsing Crt, Alberdeen Center Hong Kong Common 1,200,000 7.74 Chan Lit Chow 1/F, Rear Portion, 63 Nan Wan Sun Tsuen Peng Chan Hong Kong Common 1,200,000 7.74 Arcoron Limited (3) 1904-6, 19/F Dominion Centre 43-59 Queens Road East Wanchai, Hong Kong Common 1,200,000 7.74 Tranwicks Limited (4) 1904-6, 19/F Dominion Centre 43-59 Queens Road East Wanchai, Hong Kong Common 1,200,000 7.74 40 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Title of Class Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percentage of Class (1) Aurico Limited (5) 1904-6, 19/F Dominion Centre 43-59 Queens Road East Wanchai, Hong Kong Common 1,200,000 7.74 Ng Hei 36 Floor 169 Electric Road North Port, Hong Kong Common 1,200,000 7.74 Gannvalley International Limited (6) 1 st Floor, #5 Dekk House De Lippora St, PO Box 456 Providence, Mahe, Seychelles Common 2,400,000(7) 15.48(7) Brownrigg International Limited (6) 1 st Floor, #5 Dekk House De Lippora St, PO Box 456 Providence, Mahe, Seychelles Common 2,400,000(7) 15.48(7) Starova Limited (8) 1904-6, 19/F Dominion Centre 43-59 Queens Road East Wanchai, Hong Kong Common 1,200,000 7.74 Kai Kang Shandong, China Common 1,000,000 6.45 Zeyan Yao Shandong, China Common 1,000,000 6.45 Owners of 5% or more Common 14,000,000 90.32 (1) Under Rule 13d-3, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares).In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided .In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in this table does not necessarily reflect the person’s actual ownership or voting power with respect to the number of shares of common stock actually outstanding on February 15, 2011. As of February 15, there were 15,500,000 shares of our company’s common stock issued and outstanding. 41 (2) Patrick Laferriere is our sole officer and director. (3) Dulip Charith Wijesinha has voting and dispositive control over securities held by Arcoron Limited. (4) Hassan Mohammed Musafer voting and dispositive control over securities held by Tranwicks Limited. (5) Dylan Baba Lye has voting and dispositive control over securities held by Aurico Limited. (6) Fahmy Jowharsha has voting and dispositive control over securities held by Gannvalley International and by Brownrigg International Limited. (7) Includes 1,200,000 shares held by Gannvalley International Limited and 1,200,000 shares held by Brownrigg International Limited. (8) Christopher Milton Wong has voting and dispositive control over securities held by Starova Limited. Changes in Control We are unaware of any contract or other arrangement or provisions of our Articles or Bylaws the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of our company. There are not any provisions in our Articles or Bylaws, the operation of which would delay, defer, or prevent a change in control of our company. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS Except as disclosed herein, no director, executive officer, shareholder holding at least 5% of shares of our common stock, or any family member thereof, had any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction, or proposed transaction since the year ended January 31, 2010, in which the amount involved in the transaction exceeded or exceeds the lesser of $120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at the year end for the last three completed fiscal years. Director Independence We currently act with one director, Patrick Laferriere. We have determined that our director is not an “independent director” as defined in NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 4200(a)(15). We do not have a standing audit, compensation or nominating committee, but our entire board of directors acts in such capacities. We believe that our members of our board of directors are capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. The board of directors of our company does not believe that it is necessary to have an audit committee because we believe that the functions of an audit committee can be adequately performed by the board of directors. In addition, we believe that retaining an independent director who would qualify as an “audit committee financial expert” would be overly costly and burdensome and is not warranted in our circumstances given the early stages of our development. DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION OF SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES Our Bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent not prohibited by Nevada law. 42 The general effect of the foregoing is to indemnify a control person, officer or director from liability, thereby making us responsible for any expenses or damages incurred by such control person, officer or director in any action brought against them based on their conduct in such capacity, provided they did not engage in fraud or criminal activity. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers or control persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. DEALER PROSPECTUS DELIVERY OBLIGATION Until a date, which is 90 days after the date of this prospectus, all dealers that effect transactions in these securities whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions. 43 PART II—INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION Our estimated expenses in connection with the issuance and distribution of the securities being registered in this Prospectus are as follows: Commission filing fee $ 11.61 Legal fees and expenses $ 20,000 Accounting fees and expenses $ Miscellaneous 100 Total $ INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS The Nevada Revised Statutes provide that: a corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, except an action by or in the right of the corporation, by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses, including attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful; a corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses, including amounts paid in settlement and attorneys’ fees actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of the action or suit if he acted in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation. Indemnification may not be made for any claim, issue or matter as to which such a person has been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction, after exhaustion of all appeals therefrom, to be liable to the corporation or for amounts paid in settlement to the corporation, unless and only to the extent that the court in which the action or suit was brought or other court of competent jurisdiction determines upon application that in view of all the circumstances of the case, the person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses as the court deems proper; and 44 to the extent that a director, officer, employee or agent of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defence of any action, suit or proceeding, or in defence of any claim, issue or matter therein, the corporation shall indemnify him against expenses, including attorneys’ fees, actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense. We may make any discretionary indemnification only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances. The determination must be made: by our stockholders; by our board of directors by majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding; if a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding so orders, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion; if a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding cannot be obtained, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion; or by court order. Unless limited by our articles of incorporation (which is not the case with our articles of incorporation) a corporation must indemnify a director who is wholly successful, on the merits or otherwise, in the defence of any proceeding to which the director was a party because of being a director of the corporation against reasonable expenses incurred by the director in connection with the proceeding. RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES On January 12, 2011, we issued an aggregate of 12,000,000 shares of our common stock at a price of $0.00833 per share, to 10 non U.S. persons (at that term as defined in Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933), relying on Regulation S and/or Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 pursuant to the closing of a private placement, for aggregate gross proceeds of 99,960. 45 Exhibits Exhibit Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed on May 8, 2006). 3.2 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed on May 8, 2006). 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 12, 2010) 4.1 Instrument Defining the Right of Holders – Form of Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed on May 8, 2006) 5.1 Legal Opinion of Michael J. Morrison, Chtd. 10.1 Option Agreement dated July 15, 2010 (incorporated by reference to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on December 15, 2010). 14.1 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to our Annual Report on Form 10-KSB filed on May 9, 2009). 23.1 Consent of Dale Matheson Carr-Hilton Labonte LLP 23.2 Consent of Michael J. Morrison, Chtd. (incorporated in Exhibit 5.1) 46 UNDERTAKINGS The registrant hereby undertakes: 1. To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) To include any prospectus required by section 10(a) (3) of the Securities Act; (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the "Calculation of Registration Fee" table in the effective registration statement; and (iii) To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; 2. That for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act, each post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof; 3. To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering; and 4. That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the registrant or used or referred to by the registrant; (iii) The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the registrant; and (iv) Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the registrant to the purchaser. 47 Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defence of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. Each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. 48 Signatures Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on March 30, 2011. INTERVIA INC. By: /s/ Patrick Laferriere Patrick Laferriere President, Secretary, Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates stated. SIGNATURES TITLE DATE President, Secretary, /s/ Patrick Laferriere Treasurer, Chief Financial March 31, 2011 Patrick Laferriere Officer and Director 49
