fs1_sokofitness.htm AS FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION ON JUNE 10, 2008 REGISTRATION NO. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 SOKO FITNESS & SPA GROUP, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 7991 80-0122921 (State or other jurisdiction of (Primary Standard Industrial (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) incorporation or organization) Classification Code Number) No.194,Guogeli Street, Harbin, Heilongjing Province, China 150001 86-451-87702255 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant's principal executive offices) Tong Liu Chief Executive Officer SOKO Fitness & Spa Group, Inc. No.194,Guogeli Street, Harbin, Heilongjing Province, China 150001 86-451-87702255 (Name, address including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies to: Marc Ross, Esq. Jonathan R. Shechter, Esq. Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP 61 Broadway, 32 nd Fl. New York, New York 10006 (212) 930-9700 (212) 930-9725 (fax) Registrant's telephone number: 86-451-87702255 APPROXIMATE DATE OF PROPOSED SALE TO PUBLIC: From time to time after this Registration Statement becomes effective. Table of Contents If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, please check the following box and list the Securities Act of 1933 registration number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box and list the Securities Act of 1933 registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box and list the Securities Act of 1933 registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o If delivery of the prospectus is expected to be made pursuant to Rule 434, please check the following box. o Indicate by check mark whether registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer o Accelerated Filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company x (COVER CONTINUES ON FOLLOWING PAGE) Table of Contents CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of Each Class of Securities To Be Registered Amount To Be Registered Proposed Maximum Offering Price Per Unit (1)(2) Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price Amount of Registration Fee Common Stock offered by our Selling Stockholders (2) 2,200,000 $ 4.25 $ 9,350,000 $ 367.00 Common Stock Underlying Warrants 2,000,000 $ 4.25 $ 8,500,000 $ 334.00 Total 4,200,000 $ 17,850,000 $ 701.00 (1) The shares being registered for resale by selling stockholders were issued in consideration of services rendered and pursuant to the terms of a Securities Purchase Agreement and/or are issuable upon the exercise of certain warrants of the Registrant. (2) Estimated pursuant to Rule 457(c) under the Securities Act of 1933 solely for the purpose of calculating the amount of the registration fee, based on the average of the bid and ask prices per share of the Registrant’s common stock on June 6, 2008, as reported on the OTC Bulletin Board. The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to Section 8(a) may determine. Table of Contents The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS, SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, JUNE 10, 2008 SOKO FITNESS & SPA GROUP, INC. 4,200,000 Shares of Common Stock We have prepared this prospectus to allow the persons named in this prospectus under the caption “Selling Shareholders” to sell shares of our common stock they currently hold as well as shares we may issue to them upon the exercise of their warrants. The shares and warrants were issued to the selling stockholders in a private placement transaction completed prior to the filing of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. The selling shareholders may sell all or a portion of their shares through public or private transactions at prevailing market prices or at privately negotiated prices. We are not selling any shares of our common stock in this offering and will not receive any proceeds from this offering. We may receive proceeds on exercise of outstanding warrants for shares of common stock covered by this prospectus. This prospectus will be used by the selling shareholders to resell their shares of common stock. The exercise price is set forth in the warrants. We will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of any of the shares covered by this prospectus, other than cash received upon exercise of the warrants. References in this prospectus to "SOKO," “the Company,” “we,” “our,” and “us” refer to SOKO Fitness & Spa Group, Inc. For a more detailed description of the shares and warrants, see “Selling Shareholders” beginning on page 22. There are no underwriting commissions involved in this offering. We have agreed to pay all the costs and expenses of this offering. selling shareholders will pay no offering expenses. Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol “AMHG.” The last reported sale price of our common stock on May 30, 2008 was $3.00 per share. We may amend or supplement this prospectus from time to time by filing amendments or supplements as required. You should read the entire prospectus and any amendments or supplements carefully before you make your investment decision. This offering is highly speculative and these securities involve a high degree of risk and should be considered only by persons who can afford the loss of their entire investment. See "Risk Factors" beginning on page 7. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of this prospectus is June 10, 2008. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS SUMMARY INFORMATION 6 RISK FACTORS 8 USE OF PROCEEDS 11 DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE 11 DILUTION 11 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 12 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 22 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 23 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 25 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 26 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 27 SELLING SHAREHOLDERS 28 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 29 MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 30 INTEREST OF NAMED EXPERTS 31 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 31 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F You may only rely on the information contained in this prospectus or that we have referred you to. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with different information. This prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities other than the common stock offered by this prospectus. This prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any common stock in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. Neither the delivery of this prospectus nor any sale made in connection with this prospectus shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in our affairs since the date of this prospectus or that the information contained by reference to this prospectus is correct as of any time after its date. Table of Contents PROSPECTUS SUMMARY The following summary highlights selected information contained in this prospectus. This summary does not contain all the information you should consider before investing in the securities. Before making an investment decision, you should read the entire prospectus carefully, including the "RISK FACTORS" section, the financial statements and the notes to the financial statements. As used throughout this prospectus, the terms "SOKO", "Company", "we," "us," or "our" refer to SOKO Fitness & Spa Group, Inc. Organization SOKO was incorporated as a Delaware corporation on September 9, 2004 under the name American Business Holdings, Inc. as a holding vehicle to own and control a textile and plastic packaging company in Central and East Africa. On September 12, 2004, the Company completed a Stock Purchase Agreement and Share Exchange in which it purchased all of the outstanding membership shares in Tissakin Ltd., a Democratic Republic of Congo Corporation, so that Tissakin Ltd. became our wholly owned subsidiary. Through its wholly owned subsidiary, Tissakin Ltd., the Company was a manufacturer of bags for packaging agricultural products in the Democratic Republic of Congo. As described in the Recent Developments section below, on April 11, 2008, we entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Wealthlink Co., Ltd. (“Wealthlink”), a corporation organized under the laws of the Cayman Islands, and the shareholders of Wealthlink (the "Wealthlink Shareholders") pursuant to which the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of common stock of Wealthlink from the Wealthlink Shareholders. After the completion of the transactions described above, the Company changed its name from American Business Holdings, Inc. to SOKO Fitness & Spa Group, Inc. There is currently a limited public market for our common stock, par value $0.001 per share, with minimal trading activity on our common stock for the last 60 days. As with any investment, there are certain risks involved in this offering. All potential investors should consult their own tax, legal and investment advisors prior to making any decision regarding this offering. The purchase of the Shares is highly speculative and involves a high degree of risk, including, but not necessarily limited to, the “Risk Factors” described herein on page 8. Any person who cannot afford the loss of their entire investment should not purchase the Shares. Business As a result of the acquisition of Wealthlink, as described below, SOKO is engaged in the business of operating distinctive destination centers that offer professional fitness, beauty salon and spa services in China. The Company provides programs, services and products that uniquely combine exercise, education and nutrition to help their members lead a healthy way of life and achieve their fitness goals. We currently maintain more than 10,000 memberships within our 6 facilities located in the northeast region of China. Our address is No.194, Guogeli Street, Harbin, Heilongjing Province, China 150001 and our telephone number is 86-451-87702255. Recent Developments On April 11, 2008 (the “Closing Date”), SOKO entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Wealthlink and the Wealthlink Shareholders pursuant to which the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of common stock of Wealthlink from the Wealthlink Shareholders in exchange for their outstanding shares of Wealthlink common stock and a cash payment of $300,000. Additionally, on the Closing Date, Mr. Tong Liu, our current Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, entered into Securities Purchase Agreements with each of Syed Idris Husain, then director of the Company, and certain other SOKO shareholders pursuant to which Mr. Liu purchased 1,000,000 shares of common stock from Mr. Husain and an aggregate of 1,575,000 shares of common stock from other SOKO shareholders for a total aggregate purchase price of $400,000. As a result of the consummation of these transactions, the Company issued an aggregate of 13,300,000 shares of our common stock to the Wealthlink Shareholders. Further, in consideration of services provided to the Company in association with the consummation of these transactions, an aggregate of 1,275,000 shares were issued to several advisors in lieu of cash compensation. An additional 1,300,000 shares were canceled following consummation of these transactions. 6 Table of Contents Also, on the Closing Date, immediately prior to and as a condition to the completion of the share exchange, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with each of Syed Irfan Husain, the Company’s then President and Chief Executive Officer, Syed Idris Husain, and Verifica International, Ltd. (collectively, the “Buyers”). Pursuant to this agreement, the Buyers purchased all issued and outstanding shares of Tissakin Ltd., a Democratic Republic of Congo corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, in consideration of 79,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company owned by the Buyers. Additionally, on the Closing Date, SOKO entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, Warrant, Registration Rights Agreement and Lock-Up Agreement with three investors (the “Purchasers”) for an aggregate of $2,000,000 (the “Financing”). On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement, SOKO sold, and the Purchasers purchased, in the aggregate, 2,000,000 shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase an additional 2,000,000 shares. The warrants have an exercise price of $1.25 and are exercisable at any time through the third anniversary of the Closing Date. Additionally, each Purchaser’s ability to exercise the warrant is limited to the extent such Purchaser’s beneficial ownership (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) would exceed 4.99% of the SOKO’s outstanding common stock. From the Closing Date and through the twelve-month anniversary of the Closing Date, certain SOKO shareholders agreed not to sell any of their shares of our common stock. The Company is obligated to file a registration statement with respect to the shares and warrants acquired by the Purchasers within 60 calendar days of the Closing Date. On the Closing Date, the Company also entered into a Consulting Agreement with Syed Idris Husain, pursuant to which Mr. Husain agreed to provide the Company with such regular and customary consulting advice as may requested by the Company for a period of 6 months from the Closing Date. Mr. Husain shall be paid the sum of $300,000 in consideration of such services to be provided. The Offering Common stock outstanding before the offering 17,000,000 Common stock offered by selling stockholders Up to 4,200,000 shares. The maximum number of shares to be sold by the selling stockholders, 4,200,000 represents 22.11% of our outstanding stock, assuming full exercise of the warrants. Common stock to be outstanding after the offering Up to 19,000,000 shares Use of proceeds We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the common stock. See "Use of Proceeds" for a complete description. Risk Factors The purchase of our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully review and consider "Risk Factors" beginning on page 8. Forward-Looking Statements This prospectus contains forward-looking statements that address, among other things, our strategy to develop our business, projected capital expenditures, liquidity, and our development of additional revenue sources. The forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. We base these forward-looking statements on information currently available to us, and we assume no obligation to update them. Our actual results may differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements, due to various factors. 7 Table of Contents The above information regarding common stock to be outstanding after the offering is based on 17,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding as of June 6, 2008. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the risks described below as well as other information provided to you in this document, including information in the section of this document entitled “Information Regarding Forward Looking Statements.” The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Company or that the Company currently believes are immaterial may also impair the Company’s business operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, the Company’s business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected, the value of the Company common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment.. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We will need significant additional capital, which we may be unable to obtain. Our capital requirements in connection with our development activities and development of commercial operations have been and will continue to be significant. We will require additional funds to continue development of our facilities and products, to obtain intellectual property protection relating to our operations, when appropriate, and to market our products. There can be no assurance that financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. We face competition from other health and fitness facilities and service-providers. We face formidable competition in every aspect of our business, and particularly from other health and fitness providers seeking to attain clientele. Currently, we consider our primary competitors to be Hosa Sports, Weider-Tera, Impulse, and Powerhouse. They can use their experience and resources against us in a variety of competitive ways, including by making acquisitions, investing more aggressively in development and competing more aggressively for marketing and advertisers. They may also have a greater ability to attract and retain clientele than we do. If our competitors are successful in providing similar or better facilities, services and products, we could experience a significant decline in clientele or members. Any such decline could negatively affect our revenues. Our operating results may fluctuate, which makes our results difficult to predict and could cause our results to fall short of expectations. Our operating results may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, many outside of our control. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and you should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. Our quarterly, year-to-date and annual expenses as a percentage of our revenues may differ significantly from our historical or projected rates. Our operating results in future quarters may fall below expectations. Any of these events could cause our stock price to fall. Each of the risk factors listed in Risk Factors, and the following factors may affect our operating results: • Our ability to continue to attract clientele to our health, fitness and spa facilities. • Our ability to monetize (or generate revenue from) our members and clientele for the products and services we offer. • Our ability to attract advertisers to our programs. • The amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures related to the maintenance and expansion of our businesses, operations and infrastructure. • Our focus on long-term goals over short-term results. • The results of our investments in risky projects. • Our ability to keep our facilities operational at a reasonable cost. • Our ability to achieve revenue goals for partners to whom we guarantee minimum payments or pay distribution fees. • Our ability to generate revenue from services in which we have invested considerable time and resources. 8 Table of Contents Because our business is changing and evolving, our historical operating results may not be useful to you in predicting our future operating results. In addition, advertising spending has historically been cyclical in nature, reflecting overall economic conditions as well as budgeting and buying patterns. For example, health, fitness and spa services tend to be seasonal. If we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, we may not remain competitive, and our revenues and operating results could suffer. Our success depends on providing products and services that make our members and clientele in the health and fitness community enjoy a more satisfying and enjoyable experience. Our competitors are constantly developing new facilities, products and services. As a result, we must continue to invest significant resources in research and development in order to enhance our facilities and our existing products and services and introduce new products and services that people can enjoy and use. If we are unable to provide quality products and services, then our clients and members may become dissatisfied and move to a competitor’s products and services. Our operating results would also suffer if our innovations are not responsive to the needs of our clients and members. Our business and operations are experiencing rapid growth. If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our business and operating results could be harmed. We have experienced, and continue to experience, rapid growth in our operations, which has placed, and will continue to place, significant demands on our management, operational and financial infrastructure. If we do not effectively manage our growth, the quality of our products and services could suffer, which could negatively affect our brand and operating results. To effectively manage this growth, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls and our reporting systems and procedures. These systems enhancements and improvements will require significant capital expenditures and management resources. Failure to implement these improvements could hurt our ability to manage our growth and our financial position. We rely on highly skilled personnel and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel or hire qualified personnel, we may not be able to grow effectively. Our performance largely depends on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals, including trainers and managers. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract new personal fitness trainers, skilled members of the health and fitness community, and to retain and motivate our existing contractors. 9 Table of Contents Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock The trading price for our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile The market price of our common shares has experienced fluctuations and may continue to fluctuate significantly. The market price of our common shares may be adversely affected by various factors, including the emergence of new competitors, quarterly variations in revenue and results of operations, speculation in the press or analyst community and general market conditions or market conditions specific to particular industries, including certain health-related products. There is a limited market for our common stock which may make it difficult for you to sell your stock. Our common stock trades on the OTCBB under the symbol “AMHG.” There is a limited trading market for our common stock. Accordingly, there can be no assurance as to the liquidity of any markets that may develop for our common stock, the ability of holders of our common stock to sell our common stock, or the prices at which holders may be able to sell our common stock. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Some of the statements contained in this Registration Statement that are not historical facts are "forward-looking statements" which can be identified by the use of terminology such as "estimates," "projects," "plans," "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "intends," or the negative or other variations, or by discussions of strategy that involve risks and uncertainties. We urge you to be cautious of the forward-looking statements, that such statements, which are contained in this Registration Statement, reflect our current beliefs with respect to future events and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors affecting our operations, market growth, services, products and licenses. No assurances can be given regarding the achievement of future results, as actual results may differ materially as a result of the risks we face, and actual events may differ from the assumptions underlying the statements that have been made regarding anticipated events. Factors that may cause actual results, our performance or achievements, or industry results, to differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements include without limitation: • our ability to attract and retain management; • our growth strategies; • anticipated trends in our business; • our future results of operations; • our ability to make or integrate acquisitions; • our liquidity and ability to finance our acquisition and development activities; • the timing, cost and procedure for proposed acquisitions; • the impact of government regulation; • estimates regarding future net revenues; • planned capital expenditures (including the amount and nature thereof); • estimates, plans and projections relating to acquired properties; • our financial position, business strategy and other plans and objectives for future operations; • the possibility that our acquisitions may involve unexpected costs; 10 Table of Contents • competition; • the ability of our management team to execute its plans to meet its goals; • general economic conditions, whether internationally, nationally or in the regional and local market areas in which we are doing business, that may be less favorable than expected; and • other economic, competitive, governmental, legislative, regulatory, geopolitical and technological factors that may negatively impact our businesses, operations and pricing. All written and oral forward-looking statements made in connection with this Form S-1 that are attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. Given the uncertainties that surround such statements, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. USE OF PROCEEDS Any net proceeds from any sale of shares of our common stock covered by this prospectus will be received by the selling shareholders. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares by the selling shareholders. However, 2,000,000 of these shares will only be issued upon exercise of warrants. If all of these warrants are exercised for cash, then we will receive gross proceeds of $2,500,000. We will use any proceeds we receive in connection with the exercise of warrants for general corporate and working capital purposes. DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE The selling shareholders may sell these shares in the over-the-counter market or otherwise, at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to the prevailing market price, or at negotiated prices. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares by the selling shareholders. DILUTION Not applicable. We are not offering any shares in this prospectus. All shares are being registered on behalf of our selling shareholders. 11 Table of Contents MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATION Background SOKO was incorporated as a Delaware corporation on September 9, 2004 under the name American Business Holdings, Inc. as a holding vehicle to own and control a textile and plastic packaging company in Central and East Africa. On September 12, 2004, SOKO completed a Stock Purchase Agreement and Share Exchange in which it purchased all of the outstanding membership shares in Tissakin Ltd., a Democratic Republic of Congo Corporation, so that Tissakin Ltd. became our wholly owned subsidiary. Through its wholly owned subsidiary, Tissakin Ltd., SOKO was a manufacturer of bags for packaging agricultural products in the Democratic Republic of Congo. On April 11, 2008, SOKO consummated a share exchange and a series of transactions pursuant to which the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of common stock of Wealthlink from the Wealthlink Shareholders in exchange for 13,300,000 shares of our common stock and cash. These transactions are described in further detail under Recent Developments commencing on page 6. After the completion of the transactions described above, the Company changed its name to SOKO Fitness & Spa Group, Inc. effective as of June 6, 2008. Plan of Operation and Financing Needs SOKO currently has 7 operating subsidiaries: 12 Table of Contents Through 15 years of dedicated efforts, the Company has grown 5 times in terms of the number of facilities and those facilities have become the distinctive destinations that attract more than 10,000 members every year. These members are enjoying the professional fitness, beauty salon and spa services provided by the Company. We are currently focusing on generating revenue by building on our three product categories: Professional Fitness, Beauty Salon, and Lifestyle and Spa. Our aim is to provide programs, services, and products uniquely combined with exercise, education, and nutrition to help lead our members into living a rich lifestyle as well as achieve their fitness and beauty goals. We are now ready to propel SOKO forward to the next level with following models: 1. Direct-own-model Expansion: with existing experiences and successful business model, we have started the physical expansion grogram through constructions of new facilities or re-modification of existing facilities 2. Franchise-model Expansion: we are planning to roll out our franchising model to expand at a higher speed. Through a sophisticated network with many owners of well-established & well-positioned beauty salons & spas, and fitness centers, we will initially promote franchising within the network because we believe those businesses are already well reached or even above the qualifications required by us in terms of franchising standards. The existing salons, spas and fitness centers, which require the minimum re-modifications on physical facilities and minimum re-staff, will be prioritized as first wave of franchising facilities. 3. Business-model Expansion: besides pursuing the physical expansion under similar business model, we also found other business models highly attractive. due to high speed of expansions to metropolitan areas and real estate developments to suburban areas, a huge potential demands of complimentary beauty salon, spas and fitness centers attached to mid- and high-end residential communities are increasing. We have foreseen this opportunity as a key to further open mid- and high-end consumer market which will potentially bring us into another stage of high-speed growth. 4. Technology Expansion: we also aim to develop our technology in order to stay on the top of competitions and trends. A full functioned website will be developed to integrate many value-added services, includes professional online consulting, service plan online DIY, etc. Results of Operation On May 13, 2008, our Board of Directors approved an amendment to our Bylaws to change in our fiscal year from a fiscal year ending on December 31 to a fiscal year ending on May 31. We intend to file a report on Form 10-Q for the transition period from December 31, 2007 to June 1, 2008. The below discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements included elsewhere in this report. For the Nine Months Ended February 29, 2008 Compared to February 28, 2007 Revenues: Revenues for the nine months ended February 29, 2008 increased by $3,781,708 or 72% to $9,048,287 as compared to $5,266,579 for the nine months ended February 28, 2007. The growth in revenue was related to increased sales from our existing customers and the Company’s continued efforts to add more new customers. Gross Profit: We generated gross profit of $6,218,289 for the nine months ended February 29, 2008 as compared to $4,199,001 for the nine months ended February 28, 2007, an increase of $2,019,288 or 48%. The increase in our gross profit was largely attributed to our strong growth in our higher margin products and services, such as SPA services. 13 Table of Contents Operating Expenses: General and Administrative expenses, which includes general office expenses, travel and entertainment, and professional fees, increased by $573,631 or 26% to $2,752,181 for the nine months ended February 29, 2008, as compared to only $2,178,550 for the nine months ended February 28, The increase in our operating expenses reflects the increase in our employees’ salaries and benefits, increase in sales commissions and increase in rental and related utilities expenses etc., as a result of our robust growth and expansion. Net Income (Loss): Net Income for the nine months ended February 29, 2008 increased by $1,412,589 or 69% to $3,464,687 as compared to $2,052,098 for the comparable prior year period. The increase in net income was a result of our continued growth in total sales and strong performance in generating profits. For the Fiscal Years Ended May 31, 2007 Compared to May 31, 2006 Revenues : Revenues for the year ended May 31, 2007 increased by $1,657,091 or 29% to $7,393,572 as compared to $5,736,481 for the year ended May 31, 2006. The 29% sales growth were driven by increased sales from our existing customers and the Company’s continued efforts to add more new customers. Gross Profit : The Company achieved a gross profit of $5,658,196 for the year ended May 31, 2007, compared to $3,721,572 for the previous year, representing a 52% year to year growth or $1,936,624 increase. The overall gross profit margin, as a percentage of revenue, was 77% for the year ended May 31, 2007, compared to 65% for the previous year. The increase of in gross profit margin is driven by sales growth from our higher margin products and services. Operating Expenses: Selling, General and Administrative expenses increased by $1,103,037 to $2,694,681 for the year ended May 31, 2007 from $1,591,644 for the previous year. This increase in selling and general and administrative expenses by 69% is mainly attributable to the increase in our employees’ salaries & benefits, sales commission fees and rental expenses. The administrative employees’ salaries and benefits increased by $443,770 to $830,737 for the year ended May 31, 2007 from $386,967 for the previous year. The sales commission fees increased by $381,969 to $742,460 for the year ended May 31, 2007 from $360,491 for the previous year. The rental expenses increased by $101,733 to $234,890 from $133,157 for the previous year. The overall increase in our operating expenses was in proportion to our increase in sales. Net Income (Loss) : Net Income for the year ended May 31, 2007 increased by $ 888,276 to $3,019,560 as compared to $2,131,284 for the previous year. The year on year net income increased by 42% as a result of the increased availability of our products and services to a wider general market. 14 Table of Contents Liquidity and Capital Resources Operations Cash provided by operating activities totaled $1,523,868 for the year ended May 31, 2007 as compared to $2,226,247 for the previous year. Decrease in our cash provided by operations is due to our increased advances to suppliers, which accounted for $803,128 of cash used in operating activities, compared with $4,276 of cash provided for the same period of the previous year. As we saw the increased demand for our products and services, we paid more to suppliers to secure the supplies and prepare for opening of new venues. Investments We invested $ 3,744,281 in fixed assets and construction in process for the year ended May 31, 2007 as compared to $1,063,544 for the Previous Year. The investments are a part of our development plan which includes the leasehold improvement of our existing stores and opening of new venues. Financing We did not have any financing activities for either fiscal year ended May 31, 2007 and 2006. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not have off-balance sheet arrangements, financings, or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons, also known as “special purpose entities”. Critical Accounting Policies Use of estimates In preparing the financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting year. Significant estimates, required by management, include the recoverability of long-lived assets and the valuation of inventories. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Cash and cash equivalents For purposes of the statement of cash flow, the Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Accounts and other receivables Accounts and other receivables are recorded at net realizable value consisting of the carrying amount less an allowance for uncollectible amounts, as needed. The Company uses the aging method to estimate the valuation allowance for anticipated uncollectible receivable balances. Under the aging method, bad debt percentages determined by management based on historical experience as well as current economic climate are applied to customers’ balances categorized by the number of months the underlying invoices have remained outstanding. The valuation allowance balance is adjusted to the amount computed as a result of the aging method. When facts subsequently become available to indicate that the allowance provided requires an adjustment, then the adjustment will be classified as a change in estimate. Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of cost, as determined on a first-in, first-out basis, or market. Costs of inventories include unused purchases and supplies for providing the beauty treatment. 15 Table of Contents Construction in progress Construction in progress represents direct costs of construction or acquisition and design fees incurred. Capitalization of these costs ceases and the construction in progress is transferred to plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. No depreciation is provided until it is completed and ready for intended use. Property and equipment Property and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Estimated useful lives of the assets are as follows: Building & buildings improvement Over shorter of lease term or 15 years Machinery and equipment 5 years Computer, office equipment and furniture 5 years Automobiles 5 years The carrying value of property, plant and equipment is assessed annually and when factors indicating impairment is present, the carrying value of the fixed assets is reduced by the amount of the impairment. The Company determines the existence of such impairment by measuring the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) and comparing such amount to the net asset carrying value. An impairment loss, if exists, is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Revenue recognition The Company’s revenue recognition policies are in compliance with Staff Accounting Bulletin (“SAB”) 104. Sales revenue is recognized when the services are provided and the contracts are performed. Comprehensive income Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (FAS) No. 130, “Reporting Comprehensive Income”, requires disclosure of all components of comprehensive income and loss on an annual and interim basis. Comprehensive income and loss is defined as the change in equity of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources. Accumulated other comprehensive income arose from the changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Income taxes The Company accounts for income tax under the provisions of FAS No.109 "Accounting for Income Taxes", which requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at each period end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, whenever necessary, against net deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. Fair value of financial instruments The Company’s financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, advances to suppliers, other receivables, accounts payable, accrued expenses, taxes payable, notes payable and other loans payable. Management has estimated that the carrying amounts approximate their fair value due to the short-term nature. 16 Table of Contents Earnings per share Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing income available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed similar to basic earnings per share except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common shares had been issued and if the additional common shares were dilutive. Foreign currency translation The Company’s functional currency is Chinese Renminbi (“RMB”) but uses the United States dollar (“U.S. dollars”) for financial reporting purposes. The Company and its VIE maintain their books and records in their functional currency, being the primary currency of the economic environment in which their operations are conducted. In general, for consolidation purposes, the Company translates its and its VIE’s assets and liabilities into U.S. dollars using the applicable exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date, and the statement of income and cash flows are translated at average exchange rates during the reporting period. As a result, amounts related to assets and liabilities reported on the statement of cash flows will not necessarily agree with changes in the corresponding balances on the balance sheet. Equity accounts are translated at historical rates. Adjustments resulting from the translation of the Company’s and its VIE’s financial statements are recorded as accumulated other comprehensive income. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In February 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued FAS No. 155, Accounting for Certain Hybrid Financial Instruments. FAS No. 155 replaces FAS No. 133 Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities, and FAS No. 140 Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities. FAS No. 155 resolves issues addressed in Statement 133 Implementation Issue No. D1, “Application of Statement 133 to Beneficial Interests in Securitized Financial Assets.” This statement will be effective for all financial instruments acquired or issued after the beginning of an entity’s fiscal year that begins after September 15, 2006. We do not expect the adoption of this new standard to have impact on our financial position and results of operations. In September 2006, the SEC issued SAB No. 108, “Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements”. SAB No. 108 provides guidance on the consideration of the effects of prior year misstatements in quantifying current year misstatements for the purpose of a materiality assessment. SAB No. 108 establishes an approach that requires quantification of financial statement errors based on the effects of each on a company’s balance sheet and statement of operations and the related financial statement disclosures. Early application of the guidance in SAB No. 108 is encouraged in any report for an interim period of the first fiscal year ending after November 15, 2006. We do not expect the adoption of SAB No. 108 to have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. In September 2006, the FASB issued FAS No. 157, “Fair Value Measurements”, which provides enhanced guidance for using fair value to measure assets and liabilities. This standard also responds to investors’ requests for expanded information about the extent to which companies measure assets and liabilities at fair value, the information used to measure fair value, and the effect of fair value measurements on earnings. The standard applies whenever other standards require (or permit) assets or liabilities to be measured at fair value. The standard does not expand the use of fair value in any new circumstances. FAS No. 157 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after November 12, 2007, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating whether the adoption of FAS No. 157 will have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. In February 2007, the FASB issued FAS No. 159, The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financials Liabilities — Including an Amendment of FAS No. 115. This standard permits measurement of certain financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value. If the fair value option is elected, the unrealized gains and losses are reported in earnings at each reporting date. Generally, the fair value option may be elected on an instrument-by-instrument basis, as long as it is applied to the instrument in its entirety. The fair value option election is irrevocable, unless a new election date occurs. FAS No. 159 requires prospective application and also establishes certain additional presentation and disclosure requirements. The standard is effective as of the beginning of the fiscal year that begins after November 15, 2007. The Company is currently evaluating the provisions of FAS No. 159 to determine the potential impact, if any, the adoption will have on the Company’s financial statements. 17 Table of Contents Income Taxes Wealthlink is a tax exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands and conducts all of its business through its subsidiary, Mege Union, and variable interest entity, Queen Group. Queens Group consists of five individual-owned sole proprietorships, which are generally exempt from paying corporate level income taxes, and one limited liability company, which was subject to a statutory rate of 27% on its taxable income until January 2008. Starting January 2008, a new statutory rate of 25% came in effect for all corporation and limited liability companies. For the sole proprietorship, a general business sales tax is levied on all sole proprietorships at a monthly fixed rate of 5% with a pre-determined taxable income limit varying from store to store. BUSINESS Corporate History SOKO was incorporated as a Delaware corporation on September 9, 2004 under the name American Business Holdings, Inc. as a holding vehicle to own and control a textile and plastic packaging company in Central and East Africa. On September 12, 2004, SOKO completed a Stock Purchase Agreement and Share Exchange in which it purchased all of the outstanding membership shares in Tissakin Ltd., a Democratic Republic of Congo Corporation, so that Tissakin Ltd. became our wholly owned subsidiary. Through its wholly owned subsidiary, Tissakin Ltd., SOKO was a manufacturer of bags for packaging agricultural products in the Democratic Republic of Congo. On April 11, 2008, SOKO consummated a share exchange and a series of related transactions pursuant to which the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of common stock of Wealthlink from the Wealthlink Shareholders. As a result of the consummation of these transactions, the Company currently has 7 subsidiaries, as discussed elsewhere in this registration statement. The Company started its operation as a single beauty & spa shop at Harbin City, Heilongjiang Province, China. Through 15 years of dedicated efforts, the Company now has grown 5 times in terms of the number of facilities and those facilities have become the distinctive destinations that attract more than 10,000 members every year. These members are enjoying the professional fitness, beauty salon and spa services provided by SOKO. After the completion of the transactions described above, the Company changed its name to SOKO Fitness & Spa Group, Inc. For a more complete discussion of these transactions, please refer to the section entitled Recent Developments beginning on page 6. Our Business We are in the business of operating distinctive destination centers that offer professional fitness, beauty salon and spa services in China. The Company provide programs, services and products that uniquely combine exercise, education and nutrition to help members lead a healthy way of life and achieve their fitness goals. We currently maintain more than 10,000 memberships within our 6 facilities located in the northeast region of China. To continue to support a strong member base, SOKO employs the following key characteristics to provide its members with a high quality product: fully functioning, high quality centers, a breadth of courses and services, and a strong focus on membership benefits and member experience. Overview We currently operate 6 facilities under the following brands for use by our members: 18 Table of Contents Product Categories We offer the following services, programs and products to our members at our facilities located in northeast China. Professional Fitness · Cardiovascular, resistance and free-weight equipment; · Professional training; · Group Training; · Comprehensive Fitness Testing; · Educational Demonstrations; · Nutrition Coaching; · Weight Loss Programs; · Remix; · Fight-do; · Body-Balance Beauty Salon · Hair, Nail and Skin Care; · Body Re-shaping; · Whirlpool, Sauna and Steam Room Lifestyle and Spa · Yoga; · Swimming Pool; · Therapeutic Massage; · Body Massage; We provide programs, services, and products uniquely combined with exercise, education, and nutrition to help lead our members into living a rich lifestyle as well as achieve their fitness and beauty goals. 19 Table of Contents We generally open our facilities to members 12 hours a day, 7 days a week. Currently, are averaging 19,800 visits per month at our SOKO International Fitness Center and 9,000 visits per month at our four Queen’s Beauty SPAs and SOKO Beauty & SPA. We typically experience the highest level of member activity at our fitness facility and beauty salon & spa facilities during the hours of 11:00 a.m. – 01:00 p.m. and 05:00 p.m. – 07:00 p.m. Currently, we are running at the maximum capacity at each one of our facilities. We believe additional facilities are needed to optimize the usage of our facilities, to maximize the satisfaction of our members, and to avoid inadequate space issues, such as lack of equipment, professional trainers, spa & beauty professionals, etc. Key Characteristics We maintain the following distinctive key characteristics, to distinguish ourselves from our competition: We are one of the few operating providers in China that can effectively and successfully integrate the fitness and salon & Spa services together. Also, we are one of the few operating providers in China that only focuses on mid- to upper-tier consumer groups. We sufficiently experienced and have a sophisticated business model with sophisticated managing system to make massive duplication & expansion highly possible. Finally, we put the membership benefit & member experience before membership affordability We have set our focus on serving wealthy individuals with premium consumption powers (mid- to upper-tier consumer group). We have also set our consumer focus on corporate clients who are willing to compensate their employees with memberships in our facilities as extra benefits. Marketing Strategy Through our 316 full time sales professionals, we strategically target the following individual customer groups to differentiate ourselves from our competitors: · Management level group from various enterprises (this group has the highest demands on their lifestyle and tastes as well as the awareness of their appearances and health conditions); · White-collar group from various enterprises (this group tends to be the most active group of population in pursuit of the newest trends in fashion & sport activities. They also have high quality lifestyles and are considered one of the strongest consumption power groups) · Government group (this group tends to contain the more senior portion of the population which has comparatively higher demands on their conditions) · Foreigner group (this group is the mature-stage-consumer group who usually have higher incentives and initiatives to become the member of beauty salon & spa and fitness center) We not only engage in the traditional marketing tools to advertise in the market space, but also develop mutual beneficial platforms through our institutional customers to further enhance our marketing strategy: · Direct Telemarketing : by having access to the contact information of wealthy individuals and households, SOKO believes direct telemarketing is one of most effective marketing to reach its desired target customers. Our selected partner for this is China Mobile Ltd. · Event Sponsorship : by engaging the major event sponsorships with other reputable institutes, we have further increased our market awareness and exposure within the wealthy individual and household communities. Our selected partner for this is Hiersun Diamond Group · Joint Sales : we jointly sell our memberships with third party institutes to efficiently utilize the marketing effects of other brands and eventually to achieve mutual benefits by all parties. Some of our sected partners include China Everbright Bank, Shanghai Pudong Development Bank, China Southern Airline, Songlei Commercial Group · Traditional Media : SOKO also reaches its target customers through traditional media channels such as TV ads, Magazine, Radio and Newspapers. 20 Table of Contents Competition China’s health and fitness market is highly segmented and is still at its infant stage. No market leader has emerged in China unlike most of the mature markets in the West or other industrially-advanced countries. Currently, no single company in China counts more than 3% of total market shares. Management believes that due to the change ins consumer taste – health & fitness is no longer a “hobby,” and that consumer focus on the health & fitness market has shifted to quality & professionalism of service instead of pricing, as was the case in the past. Government Regulation Physical Exercise : According to “ PRC Law on Physical Culture and Sport ”, the administrative department for physical culture and sports under the State Council shall be in charge of the operation of physical culture and sports throughout China. Other relevant departments under Chinese State Council shall administer the operation of physical culture and sports within their respective functions and powers. China practices a skill-grading system for social sports instructors, who shall guide social sports activities The social sports instructors are classified into 4 categories, Class III, Class II, Class I and State Level. Each Class of the instructors must be trained accordingly. State Level instructor who must have minimum 5 years relevant experience is the top level. According to “Heilongjiang Provincial Administration Regulation in respect of Physical Exercise Related Business”, the physical exercise related business shall be qualified with following conditions: (a). proper facilities and buildings in satisfactory with the necessary requirement of business operation, security, fire protection, environmental protection and hygiene; (b). necessary registered capital; (c). the exercising facilities and instruments in compliance with the national standard stipulated by competent institution; (d). the trained social sports instructors or other staffs with proper qualification for physical exercising guidance. Beauty Industry According to “Interim Measures for the Administration of Beauty Treatment and Hairdressing Industry” (the “Beauty Order”) issued by Ministry of Commerce, The Ministry of Commerce shall be in charge of the work of national beauty treatment and hairdressing industry. Pursuant to the Beauty Order, The business operators undertaking business activities of beauty treatment and hairdressing shall meet the following basic conditions: (1). having capacity for bearing civil liabilities; (2). having a fixed business place; (3). having establishment and facilities accommodated to the service items they manage; and (4). having professional technicians who have obtained the corresponding qualification certificates The beauticians, hairdressers and other professional technicians who undertake beauty treatment and hairdressing services shall obtain the qualification certificate issued by the relevant governmental department of China. The business operator of beauty treatment and hairdressing shall place the business place its business license, hygienic license, service items and charging standards in its business premises for public viewing. The business premises for beauty treatment and hairdressing shall comply with the relevant sanitation provisions and standards and have the corresponding sanitary and sterilizing facilities and measures. The practitioner shall be subject to the physical check-up of the administrative department of public health and can take up an occupation with health certificate. 21 Table of Contents Employees As of March 31, 2008, we employed 420 employees. We have not experienced any work stoppages and we consider relations with our employees to be good. Property We currently operate out of leased properties located at: (1) Harbin Daoli Queen Demonstration Beauty Parlor No.24, Xishidao Street, Daoli District, Harbin City, China; (2) Harbin Queen Beauty Demonstration Center No.107, Jinyang Street, Daowai District, Harbin City, China; (3) Barbin Queen Beauty Demonstration Center Kunlun Branch No. 44, Tianshun Street, Nangang District, Harbin City, China; (4) Harbin Queen Beauty Demonstration Center Branch No. 108, Jiejing Street, Nangang District, Harbin City, China; (5) Harbin Huang Emperor & Golden Gym Club No. 7, Yushan Road, Nangang District, Harbin City, China; (6) Harbin Mege Union Beauty Management Ltd. Legend No. 389 Hanshui Road, Nangang District, Harbin City, China; The Company also owns property, currently used by the Beauty School, located at Guogeli Street, Nangang District, Harbin City, China. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS From time to time we may be a defendant and plaintiff in various legal proceedings arising in the normal course of our business. We are currently not a party to any material pending legal proceedings or government actions, including any bankruptcy, receivership, or similar proceedings. In addition, management is not aware of any known litigation or liabilities involving the operators of our properties that could affect our operations. Should any liabilities incurred in the future, they will be accrued based on management’s best estimate of the potential loss. As such, there is no adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flow at this time. Furthermore, Management of the Company does not believe that there are any proceedings to which any director, officer, or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record of the beneficially or more than five percent of the common stock of the Company, or any associate of any such director, officer, affiliate of the Company, or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse to the Company. 22 Table of Contents MANAGEMENT Executive Officers and Directors The following table sets forth the names, ages and positions of our current directors and executive officers: Name Age Offices Held Tong Liu 41 Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board Xia Yu 38 Chief Financial Officer Yang Chen 31 Independent Director Su Zhang 37 Independent Director Gideon Efim Kory 48 Independent Director Tong Liu currently serves as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors. Mr. Liu has been serving as the Director of Wealthlink since October 2007. Mr. Liu was the key founder of all our subsidiaries in China and was in charge of overall matters of such subsidiaries. Mr. Liu served as Chief Executive Officer since August 1993. Mr. Liu’s experience includes management and development of professional fitness, beauty saloon and lifestyle and spa businesses. Mr. Liu graduated from Harbin Workingman Occupation University in 1991. Xia Yu currently serves as our Chief Financial Officer and Director. Ms Yu has been serving as Chief Financial Officer of Wealthlink since October 2007. Ms Yu was in charge of implementation of financial policy of our subsidiaries in China and dedicated her expertise in cost cutting. From January 2005 through June 2007, Ms Yu served as Chief Financial Officer of Harbin Queen Beauty Demonstration Center. From July 2004 through December 2004, Ms Yu served as Deputy General Manager of Gaoyang Advertisement Co., Ltd. From March 2003 until June 2004, Ms Yu served as Deputy General Manager of Shiyite Trading Co., Ltd. Ms Yu received a Master’s Degree in MBA from the Graduate Student Class of Enterprise Management, Management College, Harbin Industry University. Yang Chen currently serves as our Independent Director. Mr. Chen is an attorney in northeast China. His expertise includes legal services to business transaction and commercial litigation. From January 2008 until present, Mr. Chen has served as a partner of Heilongjiang Guomaihuitong Law Firm. From May 2002 until December 2007, Mr. Chen was a partner of the Heilongjiang Branch of Guangsheng & Partners Law Firm. Mr. Chen has a major in economic law and received an L.L.B. degree from Heilongjiang University law school. Mr. Chen has studied accounting by mail at Harbin Industry College and received a bachelor’s degree in management. Su Zhang currently serves as our independent director. From June 2006 until present, Mr. Zhang served as the Managing Director of Investments at Hua-Mei 21 st Century LLC. From December 2005 until May 2006, Mr. Zhang served as the Chief Operating Officer of TengTu International Ltd. From March 2004 to November 2005, Mr. Zhang served as the General Manager of WeiZiXian Tech Ltd. From October 2003 through February 2004, Mr. Zhang served as the Assistant President of Joyo.com. From September 2002 through September 2003, Mr. Zhang worked for Legend Capital. Mr. Zhang received an MBA from Guanghua School of Management, Peking University in 2002. Gideon Efim Kory currently serves as our independent director. From May 2005 until the present, Mr. Kory is an investment banker at Pacific Summit Securities in California. From January 2003 through May 2005, Mr. Kory served as a Senior Analyst, Investment Banker at Roth Capital Partners. Mr. Kory is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA). Mr. Kory attended the Technion Israeli Institute of Technology in Israel where he received his BSEE Diploma in 1982. Executive Compensation The table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our current principal executive officer and our most highly compensated executive officer other than our current principal executive officer (collectively, the "named executive officers") for all services rendered in all capacities to the Company, and to Wealthlink, as our predecessor, and its subsidiaries for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2008 and 2007. 23 Table of Contents Name and Principal Position Fiscal Year Salary Bonus Total ($) ($) ($) Tong Liu, Chief Executive Officer 1 2008 $ 17,291 $ 0 $ 17,291 2007 15,683 0 15,683 Xia Yu ,, Chief Financial Officer 2 2008 $ 7,954 $ 0 $ 7,954 2007 7,214 0 7,214 1 Prior to April 11, 2008, Mr. Liu served as Chief Executive Officer and director of Wealthlink and its subsidiaries. Mr. Liu's compensation is paid by our wholly-owned subsidiary Harbin Mege Union Beauty. Mr. Liu's compensation is paid in Chinese Yuan Renminbi (RMB) at the annual rate of RMB120,000. For purposes of this disclosure, we have converted his compensation into US dollars (USD) at the following rates: at May 30, 2008 RMB1 = USD 0.144092 and at May 31, 2007 RMB1 = USD 0.130692. 2 Prior to April 11, 2008, Ms. Yu served as the Chief Financial Officer of Wealthlink and its subsidiaries. Ms. Yu's compensation is paid by our wholly-owned subsidiary Harbin Mege Union Beauty. Ms. Yu's compensation is paid in RMB at the annual rate of RMB55,200. For purposes of this disclosure, we have converted her compensation into USD at the following rates: at May 30, 2008 RMB1 = USD 0.144092 and at May 31, 2007 RMB1 = USD 0.130692. Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End . There were no individual grants of stock options to purchase our common stock made to our executive officers during the fiscal years ended May 31, 2008 and 2007. Employment Agreements . We do not have any employment agreements in place with our officers and directors. Options/SARs Grants During Last Fiscal Year None. Director Compensation We currently do not pay any compensation to our Board of Directors. Equity Compensation Plans None. Pension and Retirement Plans Currently, we do not offer any annuity, pension or retirement benefits to be paid to any of our officers, directors or employees, other than pension and retirement arrangements of our Chinese subsidiaries in accordance with the requirements under Chinese law. There are also no compensatory plans or arrangements with respect to any individual named above which results or will result from the resignation, retirement or any other termination of employment with our company, or from a change in our control. Employment Agreements We do not have any written employment agreements, aside from those entered into between our subsidiaries in China and all employees in China. 24 Table of Contents Audit Committee The board of directors has an Audit Committee, which is comprised of Gideon Efim Kory (Chairman), Yang Chen and Su Zhang. The board of directors has examined the composition of the Audit Committee in light of the regulations under the Exchange Act applicable to audit committees. Based upon this examination, the board of directors has determined that each of the Audit Committee members is an “independent” director within the meaning of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. Mr. Kory qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert” as that term is defined in applicable regulations of the SEC. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS Two of our subsidiaries rent their premises from Mr. Tong Liu, our Chairman and CEO. Mr. Liu has leased the following stores to the Company pursuant to the terms of binding written lease agreements containing terms no less favorable to the Company than the Company could have negotiated in an arm’s length transaction with a motivated landlord, including substantially the following terms: (i) Harbin Daoli Queen Demonstration Beauty Parlor: 5 years from January 1, 2008 through December 31, 2012, for $47,300 per year, prepaid for 1 year plus an option for additional 5 years at no more than $55,000 per year. (ii) Harbin Queen Beauty Demonstration Center: 5 years from January 1, 2008 through December 31, 2012 for $20,300 per year, prepaid for 1 year plus an option for additional 5 years at no more than $24,000 per year. 25 Table of Contents SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth certain information, as of June 6, 2008, with respect to any person (including any “group”, as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)) who is known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5%) of any class of our voting securities, and as to those shares of our equity securities beneficially owned by each of our directors and executive officers and all of our directors and executive officers as a group. Unless otherwise specified in the table below, such information, other than information with respect to our directors and executive officers, is based on a review of statements filed with the SEC pursuant to Sections 13 (d), 13 (f), and 13 (g) of the Exchange Act with respect to our common stock. As of June 6, 2008, there were 17,000,000 shares of our common stock outstanding. The number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by each person is determined under the rules of the SEC and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which such person has sole or shared voting power or investment power and also any shares which the individual has the right to acquire within sixty (60) days after the date hereof, through the exercise of any stock option, warrant or other right. Unless otherwise indicated, each person has sole investment and voting power (or shares such power with his or her spouse) with respect to the shares set forth in the following table. The inclusion herein of any shares deemed beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership of those shares. Name of Shareholder(s) Amount of Beneficial Ownership Percent of Class (1) Tong Liu 8,960,000 52.71% Xia Yu 40,000 * Yang Chen -0- n/a Su Zhang -0- n/a Gideon Efim Kory -0- n/a Guerilla Capital Management, LLC. (2) 3,600,000 19.36% All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (five persons) 9,000,000 52.94% * Represents less than 1% beneficial ownership. (1) Percent of Ownership is calculated in accordance with the SEC’s Rule 13(d) – 13(d)(1) and is based on shares outstanding (assuming in the case of Guerilla Capital Management, LLC, the exercise of the warrants currently held by it). (2) Represents 1,800,000 shares of the Company’s common stock, and 1,800,000 shares underlying warrants purchased in a private placement by the Company. Pursuant to the information reported by Guerilla Capital Management, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company ("Guerilla Capital") and Hua-Mei 21st Century Partner, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the "Partnership") on a Schedule 13D jointly filed by them with the SEC on April 28, 2008, Guerrilla Capital may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of 3,600,000 shares and the Partnership may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of 2,800,000 shares. Guerrilla Capital serves as investment manager for the Partnership and Guerrilla Partners L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Guerrilla Capital (i) has the sole power to vote or direct the vote of, and sole power to dispose or direct the disposition of, 800,000 shares of our common stock and (ii) shares the power to vote or direct the vote of, to dispose or direct the disposition of, 2,800,000 shares of our common stock. The Partnership (i) has the sole power to vote or direct the vote of, and sole power to dispose or direct the disposition of, no shares of our common stock and (ii) shares the power to vote or direct the vote of, to dispose or direct the disposition of, 2,800,000 shares of our common stock. 26 Table of Contents Guerrilla Capital specifically disclaims beneficial ownership in the shares reported herein except to the extent of its pecuniary interest therein. The principal business address of Guerilla Capital and the Partnership is located at 237 Park Avenue, 9th Floor, New York, New York 10017. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES Our authorized capital consists of 500,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.001, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.001. At the close of business on June 6, 2008, the Company had 17,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Holders of the Company's common stock are entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a stockholder vote. Holders of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights. Therefore, holders of a majority of the shares of common stock voting for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Holders of the Company's common stock representing a majority of the voting power of the Company's capital stock issued, outstanding and entitled to vote, represented in person or by proxy, are necessary to constitute a quorum at any meeting of stockholders. A vote by the holders of a majority of the Company's outstanding shares is required to effectuate certain fundamental corporate changes such as liquidation, merger or an amendment to the Company's articles of incorporation. Holders of the Company's common stock are entitled to share in all dividends that the board of directors, in its discretion, declares from legally available funds. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each outstanding share entitles its holder to participate pro rata in all assets that remain after payment of liabilities and after providing for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. The Company's common stock has no pre-emptive rights, no conversion rights and there are no redemption provisions applicable to the Company's common stock. Transfer Agent and Registrar The Company’s transfer agent is StockTrans, Inc.. Their address is 44 West Lancaster Avenue, Ardmore, PA 19003, and their phone number is (610) 649-7300. 27 Table of Contents SELLING SHAREHOLDERS Of the 4,200,000 shares of our common stock registered for public resale pursuant to this prospectus and listed under the column “Shares of Common Stock Included in Prospectus” on the table set forth below, 2,200,000 shares were previously issued and 2,000,000 are issuable upon exercise of warrants that were issued in connection with a private placement offering, in which we sold units at $1.00 per share to 3 accredited investors, with each unit consisting of one share of common stock and a warrant one share of common stock at an exercise price of $1.25 per share. Etech International, Inc. received its shares as a result of a business consulting agreement with the Company and Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP received its shares for legal services provided to the Company. The following table presents information as of June 6, 2008 and sets forth the number of shares beneficially owned by each of the selling shareholders as of the date of this prospectus. The table assumes that all of the currently outstanding warrants will be exercised for common stock and all of the securities will be sold in this offering. However, any or all of the securities listed below may be retained by any of the selling shareholders, and therefore, no accurate forecast can be made as to the number of securities that will be held by the selling shareholders upon termination of this offering. The selling stockholders are not making any representation that any shares covered by this prospectus will be offered for sale. We believe that, except as otherwise indicated, based on information provided to us by each of the selling shareholders, the selling shareholders listed in the table have sole voting and investment powers with respect to the securities indicated. No selling shareholders are broker-dealers or affiliates of broker-dealers. Stockholder Shares of Common Stock Included in Prospectus Beneficial Ownership Before Offering (i) (ii) Percentage of Common Stock Before Offering (i) (ii) Beneficial Ownership After the Offering (iii) Percentage of Common Stock Owned After Offering (iii) Guerrilla Capital Management, L.L.C.(iv) Hua-Mei 21st Century Partners (iv) 3,600,000 3,600,000 18.95% 0 n/a James Fuld Jr. IRA Account (v) 400,000 400,000 2.11% 0 Etech International, Inc. (vi) 115,000 340,000 * 225,000 1.18% Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP (vii) 85,000 85,000 * 0 Total 4,200,000 4,425,000 23.29% 225,000 1.18% * Represents less than 1% of total outstanding common stock. (i) These columns represent the aggregate maximum number and percentage of shares that the selling stockholders can own at one time (and therefore, offer for resale at any one time). (ii) The number and percentage of shares beneficially owned is determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such rule, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which the selling stockholders has sole or shared voting power or investment power and also any shares, which the selling stockholders has the right to acquire within 60 days. The percentage of shares owned by each selling stockholder is based on 17,000,000 shares issued and outstanding as of June 6, 2008, plus 2,000,000 shares issuable upon exercise of all outstanding warrants. (iii) Assumes that all securities registered will be sold. 28 Table of Contents (iv) Represents 1,800,000 shares of the Company’s common stock, and 1,800,000 shares underlying warrants purchased in a private placement by the Company. Pursuant to the information reported by Guerilla Capital Management, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company ("Guerilla Capital") and Hua-Mei 21st Century Partner, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the "Partnership") on a Schedule 13D jointly filed by them with the SEC on April 28, 2008, Guerrilla Capital may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of 3,600,000 shares and the Partnership may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of 2,800,000 shares. Guerrilla Capital serves as investment manager for the Partnership and Guerrilla Partners L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Guerrilla Capital (i) has the sole power to vote or direct the vote of, and sole power to dispose or direct the disposition of, 800,000 shares of our common stock and (ii) shares the power to vote or direct the vote of, to dispose or direct the disposition of, 2,800,000 shares of our common stock. The Partnership (i) has the sole power to vote or direct the vote of, and sole power to dispose or direct the disposition of, no shares of our common stock and (ii) shares the power to vote or direct the vote of, to dispose or direct the disposition of, 2,800,000 shares of our common stock. Guerrilla Capital specifically disclaims beneficial ownership in the shares reported herein except to the extent of its pecuniary interest therein. The principal business address of Guerilla Capital and the Partnership is located at 237 Park Avenue, 9th Floor, New York, New York 10017. (v) Represents 200,000 shares of the Company’s common stock, and 200,000 shares underlying warrants purchased in a private placement by the Company. (vi) Represents 115,000 shares issued to the selling stockholder in consideration of consulting services rendered. Mr. Zhang Wei exercises sole voting and dispositive control of such shares. (vii) Represents 85,000 shares issued to the selling stockholder in consideration of legal services rendered. Mr. Marc Ross exercises sole voting and dispositive control of such shares. PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION The selling stockholders and any of their respective pledgees, donees, assignees and other successors-in-interest may, from time to time, sell any or all of their shares of common stock on any stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the shares are traded or in private transactions. These sales may be at fixed or negotiated prices. The selling stockholders may use any one or more of the following methods when selling shares: · ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits the purchaser; · block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the shares as agent but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal · facilitate the transaction; · purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account; · an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange; · privately-negotiated transactions; · broker-dealers may agree with the selling stockholders to sell a specified number of such shares at a stipulated price per share; · through the writing of options on the shares; · a combination of any such methods of sale; and · any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law. The selling stockholders may also sell shares under Rule 144 of the Securities Act, if available, rather than under this prospectus. The selling stockholders shall have the sole and absolute discretion not to accept any purchase offer or make any sale of shares if it deems the purchase price to be unsatisfactory at any particular time. 29 Table of Contents The selling stockholders or their respective pledgees, donees, transferees or other successors in interest, may also sell the shares directly to market makers acting as principals and/or broker-dealers acting as agents for themselves or their customers. Such broker-dealers may receive compensation in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions from the selling stockholders and/or the purchasers of shares for whom such broker-dealers may act as agents or to whom they sell as principal or both, which compensation as to a particular broker-dealer might be in excess of customary commissions. Market makers and block purchasers purchasing the shares will do so for their own account and at their own risk. It is possible that a selling stockholder will attempt to sell shares of common stock in block transactions to market makers or other purchasers at a price per share which may be below the then existing market price. We cannot assure that all or any of the shares offered in this prospectus will be issued to, or sold by, the selling stockholders. The selling stockholders and any brokers, dealers or agents, upon effecting the sale of any of the shares offered in this prospectus, may be deemed to be "underwriters" as that term is defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of such acts. In such event, any commissions received by such broker-dealers or agents and any profit on the resale of the shares purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts under the Securities Act. We are required to pay all fees and expenses incident to the registration of the shares, including fees and disbursements of counsel to the selling stockholders, but excluding brokerage commissions or underwriter discounts. The selling stockholders, alternatively, may sell all or any part of the shares offered in this prospectus through an underwriter. The selling stockholders have not entered into any agreement with a prospective underwriter and there is no assurance that any such agreement will be entered into. The selling stockholders may pledge their shares to their brokers under the margin provisions of customer agreements. If a selling stockholder defaults on a margin loan, the broker may, from time to time, offer and sell the pledged shares. The selling stockholders and any other persons participating in the sale or distribution of the shares will be subject to applicable provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations under such Act, including, without limitation, Regulation M. These provisions may restrict certain activities of, and limit the timing of purchases and sales of any of the shares by, the selling stockholders or any other such person. In the event that any of the selling stockholders are deemed an affiliated purchaser or distribution participant within the meaning of Regulation M, then the selling stockholders will not be permitted to engage in short sales of common stock. Furthermore, under Regulation M, persons engaged in a distribution of securities are prohibited from simultaneously engaging in market making and certain other activities with respect to such securities for a specified period of time prior to the commencement of such distributions, subject to specified exceptions or exemptions. In addition, if a short sale is deemed to be a stabilizing activity, then the selling stockholders will not be permitted to engage in a short sale of our common stock. All of these limitations may affect the marketability of the shares. If a selling stockholder notifies us that it has a material arrangement with a broker-dealer for the resale of the common stock, then we would be required to amend the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, and file a prospectus supplement to describe the agreements between the selling stockholder and the broker-dealer. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS There is presently a limited public market for our common stock. As of June 6, 2008, there were approximately twenty four (24) holders of record of our common stock. Dividend Policy The Company has never declared or paid any cash dividends on its common stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the expansion of its business. As a result, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 30 Table of Contents LEGAL MATTERS The validity of our common stock offered hereby will be passed upon by Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP, New York, New York. Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP has been issued 85,000 shares of the Company’s common stock in consideration of legal services rendered. The sale by Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP of all 85,000 shares issued to it is being registered pursuant to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. EXPERTS The consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its subsidiary for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2007, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders' equity and cash flows appearing in this prospectus and registration statement have been so included in reliance on the Report of Bagell Josephs, Levine & Company, LLC, an independent registered public accounting firm, appearing elsewhere in this prospectus, given on the authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE We dismissed Gately & Associates, L.L.C. as our independent accountants, effective as of May 14, 2008. Gately & Associates had previously been engaged as the principal accountant to audit our financial statements. The reason for the dismissal of Gately & Associates is that, following the consummation of the transactions set forth in the share exchange agreement: (i) the former Wealthlink Shareholders own a significant amount of the outstanding shares of our common stock and (ii) our primary business became the business previously conducted by Wealthlink. The independent registered public accountant of Wealthlink for US accounting purposes was the firm of Bagell, Josephs, Levine & Company, LLC. We believe that it is in our best interest to have Bagell, Josephs, Levine continue to work with our business, and we therefore retained Bagell, Josephs, Levine as our new principal independent registered accounting firm, effective as of May 14, 2008. Bagell, Josephs, Levine is located at 406 Lippincott Drive., Suite J, Marlton, NJ 08053. The decision to change accountants was approved by our Board of Directors on May 13, 2008. The reports of Gately & Associates on our financial statements as at and for the years ended December 31, 2006 and December 31, 2007 did not contain an adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion, nor were they qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles. During the two most recent fiscal years and during the period prior to the dismissal of Gately & Associates, there were no disagreements with Gately & Associates on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure which, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Gately & Associates, would have caused it to make reference to the matter in connection with its reports. Other than in connection with the audit of our financial statements for Wealthlink in the ordinary course prior to the consummation of the share exchange pursuant to the share exchange agreement, during the two most recent fiscal years and during the period prior to the dismissal of Gately & Associates, we did not consult Bagell, Josephs, Levine regarding either: (i) the application of accounting principles to a specific completed or contemplated transaction, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on our financial statements; or (ii) any matter that was the subject of a disagreement as described in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION This prospectus does not contain all of the information in the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules that were filed with the registration statement. For further information with respect to the common stock and us, we refer you to the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules that were filed with the registration statement. Statements made in this prospectus regarding the contents of any contract, agreement or other document that is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement are not necessarily complete, and we refer you to the full text of the contract or other document filed as an exhibit to the registration statement. A copy of the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules that were filed with the registration statement may be inspected without charge at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, and at the SEC's regional offices at 500 West Madison Street, Suite 1400, Chicago, Illinois 60661, Woolworth Building and 233 Broadway New York, New York. 31 Table of Contents WEALTHLINK (CAYMAN) CO., LTD. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FEBRUARY 29, 2008 (UNAUDITED) AND HARBIN MEGE UNION BEAUTY MANAGEMENT LTD. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS YEARS ENDED MAY 31, 2007 AND 2006 Table of Contents WEALTHLINK (CAYMAN) CO., LTD. INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONSOLIDATED FINANCIALS FOR WEALTHLINK (CAYMAN) CO., LTD. Consolidated Balance Sheet as of February 29, 2008 (Unaudited) F-1 Consolidated Statements of Income and Other Comprehensive Income for the Nine Months Ended February 29, 2008 and February 28, 2007 (Unaudited) F-2 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholder’s Equity for the Nine Months Ended February 29, 2008 and February 28, 2007 (Unaudited) F-3 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended February 29, 2008 and February 28, 2007 (Unaudited) F-4 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) F-5 – F-14 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR HARBIN MEGE UNION BEAUTY MANAGEMENT LTD. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-15 Consolidated Balance Sheets at May 31, 2007 and 2006 F-16 Consolidated Statements of Income and Other Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended May 31, 2007 and 2006 F-17 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholder’s Equity for the Years Ended May 31, 2007 and 2006 F-18 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended May 31, 2007 and 2006 F-19 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-20 - F-29 UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIALS Introduction To Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements F-30 Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet F-31 Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations F-32 Notes to Pro Forma's F-33 Table of Contents WEALTHLINK (CAYMAN) CO., LTD. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited, In USD) February 29, 2008 ASSETS Current assets: Cash & cash equivalents $ 1,763,218 Accounts receivable 706,878 Inventories 1,961,905 Advances to suppliers 1,176,078 Employee advances 222,379 Prepaid expense 256,744 Total Current Assets 6,087,202 Property, plant and equipment, net 9,097,413 Other Assets Deposit to suppliers 703,087 Total Assets $ 15,887,702 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY Current liabilities: Account payable $ 5,820 Unearned revenue 381,299 Taxes payable 168,394 Accrued expenses and other payables 18,688 Short term loan 1,968,642 Total Current Liabilities 2,542,844 Stockholder's Equity Common stock, $1 par value, 50,000 shares authorized, 10,000 share issued and outstanding 10,000 Additional paid-in-capital 1,143,579 Accumulated other comprehensive income 1,244,958 Retained earnings 10,946,321 Total Stockholder's Equity 13,344,858 Total Liabilities and Stockholder's Equity $ 15,887,702 The accompany notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-1 Table of Contents WEALTHLINK (CAYMAN) CO., LTD. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Unaudited, in USD) Nine months ended Three months ended February 29, 2008 February 28, 2007 February 29, 2008 February 28, 2007 Net Sales $ 9,048,287 $ 5,266,579 $ 3,593,350 $ 1,395,463 Cost of Sales (2,829,998 ) (1,067,578 ) (1,114,601 ) (419,823 ) Gross Profit 6,218,289 4,199,001 2,478,748 975,640 Operating Expenses Selling, general and administrative (2,752,181 ) (2,178,550 ) (1,044,071 ) (615,310 ) Income (loss) from Operations 3,466,108 2,020,451 1,434,677 360,330 Other Revenues and Gains Other operating income 4,455 2,801 4,171 916 Non-operating income 2,175 31,659 33 15,779 Non-operating expense (376 ) (2,225 ) (4 ) (14 ) Total other income and (expense) 6,254 32,236 4,199 16,680 Income Before Income Taxes 3,472,362 2,052,686 1,438,876 377,011 Provision for Income Taxes (7,675 ) (588 ) (4,915 ) (168 ) Net Income $ 3,464,687 $ 2,052,098 $ 1,433,961 $ 376,842 Other Comprehensive Income Foreign Currency translation adjustment 836,822 211,064 480,777 74,652 Comprehensive Income $ 4,301,509 $ 2,263,162 $ 1,914,738 $ 451,494 Basic and diluted income per common share $ 346 $ 205 $ 143 $ 38 Weighted average number of common shares 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 The accompany notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-2 Table of Contents WEALTHLINK (CAYMAN) CO., LTD. AND SUBSIDIARY WEALTHLINK (CAYMAN) CO., LTD. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Unaudited, in USD) Common Stock Additional Accumulated Other Total par value $1 Paid-in Comprehensive Retained Shareholders' Shares Amount Capital Income Earnings Equity Balance at May 31, 2007 10,000 $ 10,000 $ 143,579 $ 408,136 $ 7,481,634 $ 8,043,349 Paid in capital 1,000,000 1,000,000 Net income 3,464,687 3,464,687 Other Comprehensive income, net of tax 836,822 836,822 Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance at February 29, 2008 10,000 $ 10,000 $ 1,143,579 $ 1,244,958 $ 10,946,321 $ 13,344,858 Common Stock Additional Accumulated Other Total par value $1 Paid-in Comprehensive Retained Shareholders' Shares Amount Capital Income Earnings Equity Balance at May 31, 2006 10,000 $ 10,000 $ 143,579 $ 103,140 $ 4,462,073 $ 4,718,792 Net income 2,052,098 2,052,098 Other Comprehensive income, net of tax 211,064 211,064 Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance at February 28, 2007 10,000 $ 10,000 $ 143,579 $ 314,204 $ 6,514,172 $ 6,981,955 The accompany notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents WEALTHLINK (CAYMAN) CO., LTD. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited, in USD) Nine months ended February 29, 2008 February 28, 2007 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: Net income $ 3,464,687 $ 2,052,098 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 531,387 253,672 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable (372,186 ) (387,132 ) Inventory (1,571,682 ) 310,766 Advances to suppliers (1,165,183 ) 30,468 Employee advances 666,702 9,673 Prepaid expense (204,902 ) (23,751 ) Deposit (49,628 ) (349,469 ) Accounts payable (26,599 ) (46,807 ) Unearned revenue 209,842 (695,155 ) Taxes payable 60,274 2,150 Accrued expenses and other payables (24,876 ) 12,110 Cash provided by operating activities 1,517,835 1,168,622 Cash Flows From Investing Activities: Addition (reduction) in Construction in Progress (1,703,543 ) (2,900,338 ) Purchase of property and equipment (1,750,077 ) (33,616 ) Cash used in investing activities (3,453,620 ) (2,933,954 ) Cash Flows From Financing Activities: Proceeds from issuance of common stock 1,000,000 - Proceeds from short-term loan 1,968,642 - Cash provided by financing activities 2,968,642 - Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 274,246 82,823 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 1,307,103 (1,682,509 ) Cash and Cash Equivalents - Beginning of the period 456,115 2,557,618 Cash and Cash Equivalents - Ending of the period $ 1,763,218 $ 875,109 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Interest paid $ - $ - Income Taxes paid $ 4,140 $ - The accompany notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents WEALTHLINK (CAYMAN) CO., LTD NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE NINE-MONTH ENDED FEBRUARY 29, 2008 AND FEBRUARY 28, 2007 1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND ORGANIZATION Wealthlink (Cayman) Co., Ltd. (the “Company” or “Wealthlink”) was incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands on March 27, 2007. On June 19, 2007, Wealthlink invested $1,000,000 to form a wholly-owned subsidiary, Harbin Mege Union Beauty Management Ltd. (“Mege Union”), a wholly foreign-owned entity (“WFOE”) incorporated under the laws of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC” or “China”). Except for Legend SPA Co., which is directly owned and newly operated, the Company has not carried on any other substantive operations of its own. Instead, it had entered certain exclusive agreements with Harbin Daoli Queen Demonstration Beauty Parlor, Harbin Huang Emperor & Golden Gym Club Co. Ltd., Harbin Queen Beauty Demonstration Center and Harbin Queen Beauty Vocational Skill Training School (Collectively, refer to as “Queen Group”). These entities in Queen Group were all organized in the PRC as either limited liability company or sole proprietorship. The paid-in capital of Queen Group was funded by the majority stockholders of Mege Union. PRC law currently has limits on foreign ownership of companies. To comply with these foreign ownership restrictions, on August 3, 2007, Mege Union entered into certain exclusive agreements with Queen Group and its stockholders. Pursuant to these agreements, Mege Union provides exclusive consulting and other general business operation services to Queen Group, in return for a consulting services fee which is equal to Queen Group’s revenue. In addition, Queen Group’s shareholders have pledged their equity interest in Queen Group to Mege Union, irrevocably granted Mege Union an exclusive option to purchase, to the extent permitted under PRC law, all or part of the equity interests in Queen Group and agreed to entrust all the rights to exercise their voting power to the person(s) appointed by Mege Union. Through these contractual arrangements. Mege Union has the ability to substantially influence Queen Group’s daily operations and financial affairs, appoint its senior executives and approve all matters requiring stockholders’ approval. As a result of these contractual arrangements, which obligates Mege Union to absorb a majority of the risk of loss from Queen Group’s activities and enable Mege Union to receive a majority of its expected residual returns, Mege Union accounts for Queen Group as a variable interest entity (“VIE”) under FASB Interpretation No. 46R (“FIN 46R”), “Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities, an Interpretation of ARB No. 51”. Accordingly, Mege Union consolidates Queen Group’s results, assets and liabilities. Mege Union through its variable interest entity (“VIE”), Queen Group, provides high-end beauty salon services and state-of-the -art fitness trainings. F-5 Table of Contents WEALTHLINK (CAYMAN) CO., LTD NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE NINE-MONTH ENDED FEBRUARY 29, 2008 AND FEBRUARY 28, 2007 1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND ORGANIZATION (Continued) Since Mege Union and Queen Group are under common control, the consolidation of Mege Union and Queen Group has been accounted for at historical cost and prepared on the basis as if the aforementioned exclusive agreements between Mege Union and Queen Group had become effective as of the beginning of the first period presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis of presentation and consolidation The accompanying consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company, its wholly-owned subsidiary, Mege Union, and its variable interest entity, Queen Group. All significant inter-company transactions and balances between the Company, its subsidiaries and VIEs are eliminated upon consolidation. Use of estimates In preparing the financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting year. Significant estimates, required by management, include the recoverability of long-lived assets and the valuation of inventories. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Cash and cash equivalents For purposes of the statement of cash flow, the Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. F-6 Table of Contents WEALTHLINK (CAYMAN) CO., LTD NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE NINE-MONTH ENDED FEBRUARY 29, 2008 AND FEBRUARY 28, 2007 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Accounts and other receivables Accounts and other receivables are recorded at net realizable value consisting of the carrying amount less an allowance for uncollectible amounts, as needed. The Company uses the aging method to estimate the valuation allowance for anticipated uncollectible receivable balances. Under the aging method, bad debt percentages determined by management based on historical experience as well as current economic climate are applied to customers’ balances categorized by the number of months the underlying invoices have remained outstanding. The valuation allowance balance is adjusted to the amount computed as a result of the aging method. When facts subsequently become available to indicate that the allowance provided requires an adjustment, then the adjustment will be classified as a change in estimate. There is no allowance for uncollectible amounts for the periods ended February 29, 2008. Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of cost, as determined on a first-in, first-out basis, or market. Costs of inventories include unused purchases and supplies for providing the beauty treatment. No allowance for inventories is considered necessary for the period ended February 29, 2008. Advances to suppliers The Company makes advances to certain vendors for inventory purchases and construction projects. The advances to suppliers were $1,176,078 as of February 29, 2008. Construction in progress Construction in progress represents direct costs of construction or acquisition and design fees incurred. Capitalization of these costs ceases and the construction in progress is transferred to plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. No depreciation is provided until it is completed and ready for intended use. For the period ended February 29, 2008, the total accumulated costs involved with construction in progress totaled $1,267,916. F-7 Table of Contents WEALTHLINK (CAYMAN) CO., LTD NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE NINE-MONTH ENDED FEBRUARY 29, 2008 AND FEBRUARY 28, 2007 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Property and equipment Property and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Estimated useful lives of the assets are as follows: Building & buildings improvement Over shorter of lease term or 15 years Machinery and equipment 5 years Computer, office equipment and furniture 5 years Automobiles 5 years The carrying value of property, plant and equipment is assessed annually and when factors indicating impairment is present, the carrying value of the fixed assets is reduced by the amount of the impairment. The Company determines the existence of such impairment by measuring the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) and comparing such amount to the net asset carrying value. An impairment loss, if exists, is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Revenue recognition The Company’s revenue recognition policies are in compliance with Staff Accounting Bulletin (“SAB”) 104. Sales revenue is recognized when the services are provided and the contracts are performed. Comprehensive income SFAS No. 130, “Reporting Comprehensive Income”, requires disclosure of all components of comprehensive income and loss on an annual and interim basis. Comprehensive income and loss is defined as the change in equity of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources. Accumulated other comprehensive income arose from the changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Income taxes The Company accounts for income tax under the provisions of SFAS No.109 "Accounting for Income Taxes", which requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at each period end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, whenever necessary, against net deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. There are no deferred tax amounts at February 29, 2008. F-8 Table of Contents WEALTHLINK (CAYMAN) CO., LTD NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE NINE-MONTH ENDED FEBRUARY 29, 2008 AND FEBRUARY 28, 2007 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Fair value of financial instruments The Company’s financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, advances to suppliers, other receivables, accounts payable, accrued expenses, taxes payable, notes payable and other loans payable. Management has estimated that the carrying amounts approximate their fair value due to the short-term nature. Earnings per share Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing income available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed similar to basic earnings per share except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common shares had been issued and if the additional common shares were dilutive. There are 10,000 shares common stock equivalents available in the computation of earnings per share at February 29, 2008. Foreign currency translation The Company uses the United States dollar (“U.S. dollars”) for financial reporting purposes. The Company and its VIE maintain their books and records in their functional currency, being the primary currency of the economic environment in which their operations are conducted. In general, for consolidation purposes, the Company translates its and its VIE’s assets and liabilities into U.S. dollars using the applicable exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date, and the statement of income and cash flows are translated at average exchange rates during the reporting period. As a result, amounts related to assets and liabilities reported on the statement of cash flows will not necessarily agree with changes in the corresponding balances on the balance sheet. Equity accounts are translated at historical rates. Adjustments resulting from the translation of the Company’s and its VIE’s financial statements are recorded as accumulated other comprehensive income. This quotation of the exchange rates does not imply free convertibility of RMB to other foreign currencies. All foreign exchange transactions continue to take place either through the People's Bank of China or other banks authorized to buy and sell foreign currencies at the exchange rate quoted by the People's Bank of China. The rate of exchange quoted by the People’s Bank of China at February 29, 2008 was US$1.00 = RMB7.1115. The weighted average translation rate of US$1.00 = RMB7.4432 was applied to nine months income statement for 2008. F-9 Table of Contents WEALTHLINK (CAYMAN) CO., LTD NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE NINE-MONTH ENDED FEBRUARY 29, 2008 AND FEBRUARY 28, 2007 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) New accounting pronouncements In February 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (FAS) No. 155, Accounting for Certain Hybrid Financial Instruments. FAS No. 155 replaces FAS No. 133 Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities, and FAS No. 140 Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities. FAS No. 155 resolves issues addressed in Statement 133 Implementation Issue No. D1, “Application of Statement 133 to Beneficial Interests in Securitized Financial Assets.” This statement will be effective for all financial instruments acquired or issued after the beginning of an entity’s fiscal year that begins after September 15, 2006. The Company is currently analyzing whether this new standard will have impact on its financial position and results of operations. In September 2006, the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 108, “Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements” (SAB 108). SAB 108 provides guidance on the consideration of the effects of prior year misstatements in quantifying current year misstatements for the purpose of a materiality assessment. SAB 108 establishes an approach that requires quantification of financial statement errors based on the effects of each on a company’s balance sheet and statement of operations and the related financial statement disclosures. Early application of the guidance in SAB 108 is encouraged in any report for an interim period of the first fiscal year ending after November 15, 2006. We do not expect the adoption of SAB 108 to have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. In September 2006, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 157, “Fair Value Measurements” (“SFAS 157”), which provides enhanced guidance for using fair value to measure assets and liabilities. This standard also responds to investors’ requests for expanded information about the extent to which companies measure assets and liabilities at fair value, the information used to measure fair value, and the effect of fair value measurements on earnings. The standard applies whenever other standards require (or permit) assets or liabilities to be measured at fair value. The standard does not expand the use of fair value in any new circumstances. SFAS 157 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after November 12, 2007, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating whether the adoption of SFAS157 will have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. F-10 Table of Contents WEALTHLINK (CAYMAN) CO., LTD NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE NINE-MONTH ENDED FEBRUARY 29, 2008 AND FEBRUARY 28, 2007 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) In February 2007, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (‘‘FASB’’) issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (‘‘SFAS’’) No. 159, The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financials Liabilities — Including an Amendment of FASB Statement No. 115. This standard permits measurement of certain financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value. If the fair value option is elected, the unrealized gains and losses are reported in earnings at each reporting date. Generally, the fair value option may be elected on an instrument-by-instrument basis, as long as it is applied to the instrument in its entirety. The fair value option election is irrevocable, unless a new election date occurs. SFAS No. 159 requires prospective application and also establishes certain additional presentation and disclosure requirements. The standard is effective as of the beginning of the fiscal year that begins after November 15, 2007. The Company is currently evaluating the provisions of SFAS No. 159 to determine the potential impact, if any, the adoption will have on the Company’s financial statements. 3. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET February 29, 2008 February 29, 2007 Machinery & Equipment $ 1,531,333 $ 1,382,386 Office Equipment & Furniture 373,226 318,178 Automobiles 84,549 5,038 Buildings and Improvement 7,517,797 136,221 Subtotal 9,506,905 1,841,823 Less: Accumulated Depreciation (1,677,407 ) (870,758 ) Construction in progress 1,267,915 3,932,003 Total property & equipment, net $ 9,097,413 $ 4,903,068 Depreciation expense for the nine months ended February 29, 2008 and February 28, 2007 was $635,318 and $280,031 respectively. F-11 Table of Contents WEALTHLINK (CAYMAN) CO., LTD NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE NINE-MONTH ENDED FEBRUARY 29, 2008 AND FEBRUARY 28, 2007 4. DEPOSIT TO SUPPLIER The Deposit to Suppliers of $703,087 as of February 29, 2008 represents deposits made to major suppliers. The Company has a long standing business relationship with these companies and in order to maintain these relationships and purchase their products under the most favorable condition, they made these deposits. The Company expects the entire amount will be repaid and accordingly, no allowance has been established. 5. INCOME TAXES The Company is a tax exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands and conducts all of its business through its subsidiary, Mege Union, and VIE, Queen Group. Queens Group consists of five individual-owned sole proprietorships, which are generally exempt from paying corporate level income taxes, and one limited liability Company, which was subject to a statutory rate of 27% on its taxable income. For the sole proprietorship, a general business sales taxes are levied on all sole proprietorships at a monthly fixed rate of 5% with a pre-determined taxable income limit varying from store to store. On March 16, 2007, the National People’s Congress of China approved the Corporate Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China (the “New CIT Law”), which is effective from January 1, 2008. Under the new CIT law, the corporate income tax rate applicable to all Companies, including both domestic companies and foreign-invested companies, will be 25%, replacing the current applicable tax rate of 33%. However, companies previously being approved for any income holiday will not be subject to the new enacted tax rate until the holiday runs out. The provisions for income taxes for nine months ended February 29, 2008 and February 28, 2007 are as follows: February 29, 2008 February 29, 2007 Current PRC income tax expense: Enterprise income tax $ 7,675 $ 588 Taxes payable at February 29, 2008 and February 28, 2007 consisted of the following: February 29, 2008 February 29, 2007 Business sales tax payable $ 151,741 $ 46,506 Other 16,653 5,116 Total taxes payable $ 168,394 $ 51,622 F-12 Table of Contents WEALTHLINK (CAYMAN) CO., LTD NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE NINE-MONTH ENDED FEBRUARY 29, 2008 AND FEBRUARY 28, 2007 6. SHORT TERM LOAN On January 29, 2008 the Company signed a Short Term Loan agreement with Shanghai Pudong Development Bank to facility the growth of the Company. According to that Agreement, Shanghai Pudong Development Bank granted RMB12 million, approximately US $ 2 million, at interest rate of 7.47% per annum on February 4, 2008. The principle is due on January 28, 2009 and the interest is payable every month. 7. DEFERRED REVENUE Deferred revenue represents cash received from members, but not yet earned. The summary set forth below of the activity and balances in deferred revenue at February 29, 2008 for nine months then ended. Cash additions include all cash received for membership fees and advance payments for services. Revenue recognized includes all revenue earned during the periods from membership services and other services. Balance at May 31, 2007 Cash Additions Revenue Recognized Balance at February 29, 2008 Membership fees & advance payment collected 145,994 9,237,548 (8,855,168 ) 528,374 Receipts collected & earned without deferral during period - 193,119 ( 193,119 ) - 145,994 9,430,667 (9,048,287 ) 528,374 Impact of foreign currency translation - (147,075 ) $ (9,048,287 ) $ 381,299 8. STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Upon its inception, the Company is authorized to issue 50,000 shares, $1 par value, of common stock. On March 27, 2007, the Company issued ten thousand (10,000) share of its common stock to Weihua Zhao for a cash contribution of $1,000,000. The Company then invested the money to form the wholly-owned subsidiary Mege Union. As of February 29, 2008, there were 10,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. F-13 Table of Contents WEALTHLINK (CAYMAN) CO., LTD NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE NINE-MONTH ENDED FEBRUARY 29, 2008 AND FEBRUARY 28, 2007 9. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES The Company recognizes lease expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease in accordance to SFAS.13 “Accounting for leases.” The Company has entered into seven tenancy agreements for the lease of the premises. The Company’s commitments for minimum rental payments under these lease agreements are as follows: As of period ending February 28, 2008 $ 881,127 2009 585,885 2010 399,898 2011 213,911 2012 51,214 2013 9,186 Total $ 1,613,921 F-14 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Harbin Mege Union Beauty Management Ltd. Harbin, PRC We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Harbin Mege Union Beauty Management Ltd. as of May 31 2007 and 2006 and the related consolidated statements of income and other comprehensive income, changes in stockholder’s equity, and cash flows for each of the years then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Harbin Mege Union Beauty Management Ltd. as of May 31, 2007 and 2006 and the results of its operations, changes in stockholder’s equity, and cash flows for each of the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Bagell Josephs, Levine & Company, LLC Bagell Josephs, Levine & Company, LLC Marlton, New Jersey August 5, 2007 Updated January 28, 2008 F-15 Table of Contents HARBIN MEGE UNION BEAUTY MANAGEMENT LTD. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In USD) May 31, 2007 May 31, 2006 ASSETS Current assets: Cash & cash equivalents $ 456,115 $ 2,557,618 Accounts receivable 334,692 11,147 Inventories 390,223 514,039 Advances to supplier 857,757 54,629 Employee advances 35,684 18,329 Prepaid expense 51,841 49,452 Total Current Assets 2,126,312 3,205,214 Property, plant and equipment, net 5,612,605 2,094,545 Other Assets Deposit to supplier 659,993 329,875 Total Assets 8,398,910 5,629,634 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable 32,420 46,807 Unearned revenue 171,457 804,337 Taxes payable 108,120 49,472 Accrued expenses and other payables 43,565 10,226 Total Current Liabilities 355,562 910,842 Shareholder's Equity Capital 153,579 153,579 Accumulated other comprehensive income 408,136 103,140 Retained earnings 7,481,634 4,462,073 Total Shareholders' Equity 8,043,349 4,718,792 Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity $ 8,398,910 $ 5,629,634 The accompany notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-16 Table of Contents HARBIN MEGE UNION BEAUTY MANAGEMENT LTD. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (In USD) Twelve months ended May 31, 2007 May 31, 2006 Net Sales $ 7,393,572 $ 5,736,481 Cost of Sales (1,735,376 ) (2,014,909 ) Gross Profit 5,658,196 3,721,572 Operating Expenses Selling, general and administrative (2,694,681 ) (1,591,644 ) Income (loss) from Operations 2,963,515 2,129,928 Other Revenues and Gains Other operating income 23,250 375 Non-operating income 35,820 2,129 Non-operating expense (2,289 ) (278 ) Total other income and (expense) 56,781 2,226 Income Before Income Taxes 3,020,296 2,132,154 Provision for Income Taxes (735 ) (870 ) Net Income $ 3,019,560 $ 2,131,284 Other Comprehensive Income Foreign Currency translation adjustment 304,996 98,662 Comprehensive Income $ 3,324,556 $ 2,229,946 Basic and diluted income per common share $ 2.32 $ 1.64 Weighted average number of common shares 1,300,000 1,300,000 The accompany notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-17 Table of Contents HARBIN MEGE UNION BEAUTY MANAGEMENT LTD. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (In USD) Accumulated Other Total Comprehensive Retained Shareholders' Capital Income Earnings Equity Balance at May 31, 2005 $ 153,579 $ 4,478 $ 2,330,789 $ 2,488,846 Net income 2,131,284 2,131,284 Other Comprehensive income, net of tax 98,662 98,662 Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance at May 31, 2006 153,579 103,140 4,462,073 4,718,792 Net income 3,019,560 3,019,560 Other Comprehensive income, net of tax 304,996 304,996 Foreign currency translation adjustment Balance at May 31, 2007 $ 153,579 $ 408,136 $ 7,481,634 $ 8,043,349 The accompany notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-18 Table of Contents HARBIN MEGE UNION BEAUTY MANAGEMENT LTD. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In USD) Twelve months ended May 31, 2007 May 31, 2006 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: Net income $ 3,019,560 $ 2,131,284 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 412,307 319,922 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable (323,545 ) 71,521 Inventories 123,816 406,091 Advances to suppliers (803,128 ) 4,276 Employee advances (17,355 ) (18,310 ) Prepaid expense (2,389 ) 574 Deposit to supplier (330,118 ) (300,038 ) Accounts payable (14,387 ) 46,807 Taxes payable 58,648 48,147 Unearned revenue (632,880 ) (494,197 ) Accrued expenses and other payables 33,339 10,170 Cash provided by operating activities 1,523,868 2,226,247 Cash Flows From Investing Activities: Additions in Construction in Progress (3,708,397 ) (988,615 ) Purchase of property and equipment (35,884 ) (74,929 ) Cash used in investing activities (3,744,281 ) (1,063,544 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 118,911 56,577 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (2,101,503 ) 1,219,280 Cash and Cash Equivalents - Beginning of the period 2,557,618 1,338,338 Cash and Cash Equivalents - Ending of the period $ 456,115 $ 2,557,618 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Interest paid Income Taxes paid $ 754 $ - The accompany notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-19 Table of Contents HARBIN MEGE UNION BEAUTY MANAGEMENT LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MAY 31, 2007 AND 2006 1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND ORGANIZATION Harbin Mege Union Beauty Management Ltd. (the “Company” or “Mege Union”) was incorporated under the laws of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC” or “China”) on June 19, 2007 as a wholly foreign-owned subsidiary of Wealthlink (Cayman) Co., Ltd. Mege Union has not carried on any substantive operations of its own, except for the entering of certain exclusive agreements with Harbin Daoli Queen Demonstration Beauty Parlor, Harbin Huang Emperor & Golden Gym Club Co. Ltd., Harbin Queen Beauty Demonstration Center and Harbin Queen Beauty Vocational Skill Training School (Collectively, refer to as “Queen Group”). These entities in Queen Group were all organized in the PRC as either limited liability company or sole proprietorship. The paid-in capital of Queen Group was funded by the majority stockholders of Mege Union. PRC law currently has limits on foreign ownership of companies. To comply with these foreign ownership restrictions, on August 3, 2007, Mege Union entered into certain exclusive agreements with Queen Group and its stockholders. Pursuant to these agreements, Mege Union provides exclusive consulting and other general business operation services to Queen Group, in return for a consulting services fee which is equal to Queen Group’s revenue. In addition, Queen Group’s shareholders have pledged their equity interest in Queen Group to Mege Union, irrevocably granted Mege Union an exclusive option to purchase, to the extent permitted under PRC law, all or part of the equity interests in Queen Group and agreed to entrust all the rights to exercise their voting power to the person(s) appointed by Mege Union. Through these contractual arrangements. Mege Union has the ability to substantially influence Queen Group’s daily operations and financial affairs, appoint its senior executives and approve all matters requiring stockholders’ approval. As a result of these contractual arrangements, which obligates Mege Union to absorb a majority of the risk of loss from Queen Group’s activities and enable Mege Union to receive a majority of its expected residual returns, Mege Union accounts for Queen Group as a variable interest entity (“VIE”) under FASB Interpretation No. 46R (“FIN 46R”), “Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities, an Interpretation of ARB No. 51”. Accordingly, Mege Union consolidates Queen Group’s results, assets and liabilities. Mege Union through its variable interest entity (“VIE”), Queen Group, provides high-end beauty salon services and state-of-the -art fitness trainings. F-20 Table of Contents HARBIN MEGE UNION BEAUTY MANAGEMENT LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MAY 31, 2007 AND 2006 1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND ORGANIZATION (Continued) Since Mege Union and Queen Group are under common control, the consolidation of Mege Union and Queen Group has been accounted for at historical cost and prepared on the basis as if the aforementioned exclusive agreements between Mege Union and Queen Group had become effective as of the beginning of the first period presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis of presentation and consolidation The accompanying consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Mege Union, and its variable interest entity, Queen Group. All significant inter-company transactions and balances between the Company and VIEs are eliminated upon consolidation. Use of estimates In preparing the financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting year. Significant estimates, required by management, include the recoverability of long-lived assets and the valuation of inventories. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Cash and cash equivalents For purposes of the statement of cash flow, the Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. F-21 Table of Contents HARBIN MEGE UNION BEAUTY MANAGEMENT LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MAY 31, 2007 AND 2006 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Accounts and other receivables Accounts and other receivables are recorded at net realizable value consisting of the carrying amount less an allowance for uncollectible amounts, as needed. The Company uses the aging method to estimate the valuation allowance for anticipated uncollectible receivable balances. Under the aging method, bad debt percentages determined by management based on historical experience as well as current economic climate are applied to customers’ balances categorized by the number of months the underlying invoices have remained outstanding. The valuation allowance balance is adjusted to the amount computed as a result of the aging method. When facts subsequently become available to indicate that the allowance provided requires an adjustment, then the adjustment will be classified as a change in estimate. There is no allowance for uncollectible amounts for the years ended May 31, 2007 and 2006. Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of cost, as determined on a first-in, first-out basis, or market. Costs of inventories include unused purchases and supplies for providing the beauty treatment. No allowance for inventories is considered necessary for the years ended May 31, 2007 and 2006. Advances to suppliers The Company makes advances to certain vendors for inventory purchases. The advances to suppliers were $857,757 and $54,629 as of May 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. Construction in progress Construction in progress represents direct costs of construction or acquisition and design fees incurred. Capitalization of these costs ceases and the construction in progress is transferred to plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. No depreciation is provided until it is completed and ready for intended use. For the years ended May 31, 2007 and 2006, the total accumulated costs involved with construction in progress totaled $788,915 and $1,023,073, respectively. F-22 Table of Contents HARBIN MEGE UNION BEAUTY MANAGEMENT LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MAY 31, 2007 AND 2006 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Property and equipment Property and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Estimated useful lives of the assets are as follows: Building & buildings improvement Over shorter of lease term or 15 years Machinery and equipment 5 years Computer, office equipment and furniture 5 years Automobiles 5 years The carrying value of property, plant and equipment is assessed annually and when factors indicating impairment is present, the carrying value of the fixed assets is reduced by the amount of the impairment. The Company determines the existence of such impairment by measuring the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) and comparing such amount to the net asset carrying value. An impairment loss, if exists, is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Revenue recognition The Company’s revenue recognition policies are in compliance with Staff Accounting Bulletin (“SAB”) 104. Sales revenue is recognized when the services are provided and the contracts are performed. Comprehensive income SFAS No. 130, “Reporting Comprehensive Income”, requires disclosure of all components of comprehensive income and loss on an annual and interim basis. Comprehensive income and loss is defined as the change in equity of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources. Accumulated other comprehensive income arose from the changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Income taxes The Company accounts for income tax under the provisions of SFAS No.109 "Accounting for Income Taxes", which requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at each period end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, whenever necessary, against net deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. There are no deferred tax amounts at May 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. F-23 Table of Contents HARBIN MEGE UNION BEAUTY MANAGEMENT LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MAY 31, 2007 AND 2006 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Fair value of financial instruments The Company’s financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, advances to suppliers, other receivables, accounts payable, accrued expenses, taxes payable, notes payable and other loans payable. Management has estimated that the carrying amounts approximate their fair value due to the short-term nature. Earnings per share Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing income available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed similar to basic earnings per share except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common shares had been issued and if the additional common shares were dilutive. There are 1,300,000 shares common stock available in the computation of earnings per share at May 31, 2007 and 2006. Foreign currency translation The Company’s functional currency is Chinese Renminbi (“RMB”) but uses the United States dollar (“U.S. dollars”) for financial reporting purposes. The Company and its VIE maintain their books and records in their functional currency, being the primary currency of the economic environment in which their operations are conducted. In general, for consolidation purposes, the Company translates its and its VIE’s assets and liabilities into U.S. dollars using the applicable exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date, and the statement of income and cash flows are translated at average exchange rates during the reporting period. As a result, amounts related to assets and liabilities reported on the statement of cash flows will not necessarily agree with changes in the corresponding balances on the balance sheet. Equity accounts are translated at historical rates. Adjustments resulting from the translation of the Company’s and its VIE’s financial statements are recorded as accumulated other comprehensive income. This quotation of the exchange rates does not imply free convertibility of RMB to other foreign currencies. All foreign exchange transactions continue to take place either through the People's Bank of China or other banks authorized to buy and sell foreign currencies at the exchange rate quoted by the People's Bank of China. The rate of exchange quoted by the People’s Bank of China on May 31, 2007 and 2006 was US$1.00 = RMB7.6516 and RMB8.0215, respectively. The weighted average translation rate of US$1.00 = RMB7.8464 was applied to income statement accounts. F-24 Table of Contents HARBIN MEGE UNION BEAUTY MANAGEMENT LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MAY 31, 2007 AND 2006 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) New accounting pronouncements In February 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (FAS) No. 155, Accounting for Certain Hybrid Financial Instruments. FAS No. 155 replaces FAS No. 133 Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities, and FAS No. 140 Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities. FAS No. 155 resolves issues addressed in Statement 133 Implementation Issue No. D1, “Application of Statement 133 to Beneficial Interests in Securitized Financial Assets.” This statement will be effective for all financial instruments acquired or issued after the beginning of an entity’s fiscal year that begins after September 15, 2006. The Company is currently analyzing whether this new standard will have impact on its financial position and results of operations. In September 2006, the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 108, “Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements” (SAB 108). SAB 108 provides guidance on the consideration of the effects of prior year misstatements in quantifying current year misstatements for the purpose of a materiality assessment. SAB 108 establishes an approach that requires quantification of financial statement errors based on the effects of each on a company’s balance sheet and statement of operations and the related financial statement disclosures. Early application of the guidance in SAB 108 is encouraged in any report for an interim period of the first fiscal year ending after November 15, 2006. We do not expect the adoption of SAB 108 to have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. In September 2006, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 157, “Fair Value Measurements” (“SFAS 157”), which provides enhanced guidance for using fair value to measure assets and liabilities. This standard also responds to investors’ requests for expanded information about the extent to which companies measure assets and liabilities at fair value, the information used to measure fair value, and the effect of fair value measurements on earnings. The standard applies whenever other standards require (or permit) assets or liabilities to be measured at fair value. The standard does not expand the use of fair value in any new circumstances. SFAS 157 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after November 12, 2007, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating whether the adoption of SFAS157 will have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. F-25 Table of Contents HARBIN MEGE UNION BEAUTY MANAGEMENT LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MAY 31, 2007 AND 2006 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) In February 2007, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (‘‘FASB’’) issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (‘‘SFAS’’) No. 159, The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financials Liabilities — Including an Amendment of FASB Statement No. 115. This standard permits measurement of certain financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value. If the fair value option is elected, the unrealized gains and losses are reported in earnings at each reporting date. Generally, the fair value option may be elected on an instrument-by-instrument basis, as long as it is applied to the instrument in its entirety. The fair value option election is irrevocable, unless a new election date occurs. SFAS No. 159 requires prospective application and also establishes certain additional presentation and disclosure requirements. The standard is effective as of the beginning of the fiscal year that begins after November 15, 2007. The Company is currently evaluating the provisions of SFAS No. 159 to determine the potential impact, if any, the adoption will have on the Company’s financial statements. 3. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET For the years ended May 31, 2007 2006 Machinery & Equipment $ 1,456,744 $ 1,372,678 Office Equipment & Furniture 265,813 235,346 Automobiles 5,097 4,862 Buildings and Improvement 4,138,126 49,313 Subtotal 5,865,780 1,662,199 Less: Accumulated Depreciation (1,042,089 ) (590,727 ) Construction in progress 788,915 1,023,073 Total property & equipment, net $ 5,612,606 $ 2,094,545 Depreciation expenses for the years ended May 31, 2007 and 2006 were $412,307 and $319,922, respectively. F-26 Table of Contents HARBIN MEGE UNION BEAUTY MANAGEMENT LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MAY 31, 2007 AND 2006 4. DEPOSIT TO SUPPLIER The Deposit to Supplier of $659,993 and $329,875 as of May 31, 2007 and May 31, 2006, respectively are deposit the company made to a major supplier. The Company has a long standing business relationship with this supplier and in order to maintain the relationship and be entitled to enjoy the most preferential treatment, they made these deposits. The Company is entitled to receive the full amount of deposit back whenever it decides to terminate the business relationship. No allowance has been established due to the nature of the deposit. 5. INCOME TAXES Queens Group consists of five individual-owned sole proprietorships, which are generally exempt from paying corporate level income taxes, and one limited liability company, which is subject to a statutory rate of 27% on its taxable income. For the sole proprietorship, a general business sales tax is levied on all sole proprietorships at a monthly fixed rate of 5% with a pre-determined taxable income limit varying from store to store. The provisions for income taxes for the years ended May 31, 2007 and 2006 are as follows: 2007 2006 Current PRC income tax expense: Enterprise income tax $ 735 $ 870 Taxes payable at May 31, 2007 and 2006 consisted of the following: 2007 2006 Business sales tax payable $ 97,404 $ 44,570 Other 10,716 4,902 Total taxes payable $ 108,120 $ 49,472 F-27 Table of Contents HARBIN MEGE UNION BEAUTY MANAGEMENT LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MAY 31, 2007 AND 2006 6. DEFERRED REVENUE Deferred revenue represents cash received from members, but not yet earned. The summary set forth below of the activity and balances in deferred revenue at May 31, 2007 and 2006 and for the years then ended. Cash additions include all cash received for membership fees and advance payments for services. Revenue recognized includes all revenue earned during the periods from membership services and other services. Balance at May 31, 2006 Cash Additions Revenue Recognized Balance at May 31, 2007 Membership fees & advance payments collected $ 804,337 $ 5,988,212 $ (6,646,555 ) $ 145,994 Receipts collected and earned without deferral during period - 747,017 (747,017 ) - (7,393,572 ) 145,994 Impact of foreign currency translation - 25,463 $ (7,393,572 ) $ 171,457 Balance at May 31, 2005 Cash Additions Revenue Recognized Balance at May 31, 2006 Membership fees & advance payments collected $ 1,298,534 $ 4,983,606 $ (5,515,331 ) $ 766,809 Receipts collected and earned without deferral during period - 221,150 (221,150 ) - (5,736,481 ) 766,809 Impact of foreign currency translation - 37,528 $ (5,736,481 ) $ 804,337 F-28 Table of Contents HARBIN MEGE UNION BEAUTY MANAGEMENT LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MAY 31, 2007 AND 2006 7. STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY The Company’s registered capital is RMB 1,300,000, equivalent of US$153,579, contributed by the majority stockholders of Mege Union. The industry practice in PRC does not require the issuance of stock certificates to the shareholders, nor a third party transfer agent to maintain the records. For the purpose of financial reporting, the Company elected to designate one (1) common share for each RMB contributed. Accordingly, there were total 1,300,000 shares issued and outstanding for the years ended May 31, 2007 and 2006. 8. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES The Company recognizes lease expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease in accordance to SFAS.13 “Accounting for leases.” The Company has entered into six tenancy agreements for the lease of the premises. The Company’s commitments for minimum rental payments under these lease agreements are as follows: For the year ended May 31, 2008 $ 202,124 2009 128,560 2010 110,843 2011 110,843 2012 82,677 2013 42,042 $ 677,089 9. CURRENT VULNERABILITY DUE TO CERTAIN CONCENTRATIONS The Company's operations are carried out in the PRC. Accordingly, the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations may be influenced by the political, economic and legal environments in the PRC, and by the general state of the PRC's economy. The Company's operations in the PRC are subject to specific considerations and significant risks not typically associated with companies in the North America and Western Europe. These include risks associated with, among others, the political, economic and legal environments and foreign currency exchange. The Company's results may be adversely affected by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations, anti-inflationary measures, currency conversion and remittance abroad, and rates and methods of taxation, among other things. The future profitability of the Company is dependent upon the Company's abilities to secure service contracts and maintain the operating expense at a competitive level. F-29 Table of Contents AMERICAN BUSINESS HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES INTRODUCTION TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS On April 2, 2008, American Business Holding Corporation and Subsidiaries (“The Company”) signed a Share Exchange Agreement with Wealthlink (Cayman) Co., Ltd. (“Wealthlink”) and shareholders of Wealthlink, whereby, the Company agrees to acquire all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Wealthlink, in exchange for 13,300,000 shares of the Company’s Common Stock. Wealthlink is the parent to Harbin Mege Union Beauty Management Ltd. (“Mege Union”), a wholly foreign-owned entity (“WFOE”) incorporated under the laws of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC” or “China”). Immediately prior to the closing of the Share Exchange Agreement, The Company has completed a spin-off sale of its net assets to Tissakin Ltd. in consideration for the transfer to the Company of 80,000,000 shares of Common Stock. The acquisition will be accounted for as a reverse merger under the purchase method of accounting since there was a change of control. Accordingly, Wealthlink will be treated as the continuing entity for accounting purposes. The accompanying unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated balance sheet has been presented with consolidated subsidiaries at December 31, 2007. The unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2007 has been presented as if the acquisition had occurred January 1, 2007. The unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated statements do not necessarily represent the actual results that would have been achieved had the companies been combined at the beginning of the year, nor may they be indicative of future operations. These unaudited pro forma condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the companies’ respective historical financial statements and notes included thereto. F-30 Table of Contents AMERICAN BUSINESS HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET DECEMBER 31, 2007 American Business Holding (1) Pro Corporation Wealthlink Adjustments Notes Forma ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,881,917 $ 897,635 $ (1,881,917 ) a $ 897,635 Accounts Receivable 1,786,691 685,812 (1,786,691 ) a 685,812 Inventory 1,275,197 500,631 (1,275,197 ) a 500,631 Advances to vendors - 1,881,754 1,881,754 Other receivables - 685,439 685,439 Prepaid expense - 123,516 123,516 Advances to Employees - 238,669 238,669 Total current assets 4,943,805 5,013,457 5,013,457 Property and Equipment, Net 20,638,394 7,772,503 (20,638,394 ) a 7,772,503 TOTAL ASSETS $ 25,582,199 $ 12,785,960 $ 12,785,960 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) Current Liabilities Accounts payable $ - $ 5,674 $ 5,674 Unearned revenue - 304,703 304,703 Taxes payable - 136,107 136,107 Accrued liabilities & other payables 10,628 37,844 (10,628 ) a 37,844 Short term loan - 274,175 274,175 Total current liabilities 10,628 758,503 758,503 OTHER LIABILITIES Customer deposit 1,639 - 1,639 TOTAL LIABILITIES 12,267 758,503 760,142 STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) Preferred Stock, $.001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized; zero shares issued and outstanding - - - Common stock, $0.001 Par value; 500,000,000 shares authorized; 82,000,000 shares issued and outstanding; 82,000 - 82,000 Common stock, $1 par value, 50,000 shares authorized, 10,000 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2007 - 10,000 (10,000 ) b - Additional paid-in capital 22,958,000 1,143,579 (23,031,639 ) a, b 1,069,940 Accumulated other comprehensive income - 966,062 966,062 Retained earnings 2,529,932 9,907,815 (2,529,932 ) a, b 9,907,815 Total stockholders' equity (deficit) 25,569,932 12,027,456 12,025,817 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) $ 25,582,199 $ 12,785,960 $ 12,785,960 (1) Represents reverse acquisition showing assets and liabilities of Wealthlink only. F-31 Table of Contents AMERICAN BUSINESS HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2007 American Business Pro Holding Corporation Wealthlink Adjustments Notes Forma REVENUES $ 5,231,960 $ 9,615,798 $ (5,231,960 ) a $ 9,615,798 COST OF GOODS SOLD 4,412,985 2,942,043 (4,412,985 ) a 2,942,043 GROSS PROFIT 818,975 6,673,755 6,673,755 OPERATING EXPENSES Selling, general and administrative expenses 627,740 2,976,480 (627,740 ) a 2,976,480 NET INCOME (LOSS) FROM OPERATIONS 191,235 3,697,275 3,697,275 OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) - 40,714 - 40,714 NET INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 191,235 3,737,988 3,737,988 PROVISION FOR INCOME TAX 59,467 3,742 (59,467 ) a 3,742 NET INCOME (LOSS) APPLICABLE TO COMMON SHARES $ 131,768 $ 3,734,246 $ 3,734,246 BASIC AND DILUTED INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE $ 0.002 $ 373.425 $ (373.38 ) b $ 0.046 WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES 82,000,000 10,000 82,000,000 F-32 Table of Contents AMERICAN BUSINESS HOLDING CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The following unaudited pro forma adjustments are included in the accompanying unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2007 and the unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2007 to reflect the acquisition of Wealthlink by American Business Holding Corporation: a. To record the spin-off of the Company’s assets and liabilities prior to the reverse acquisition. b. These adjustments reflect the recapitalization of the Company as a result of the transactions related to the share exchange. F-33 Table of Contents PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution The following table sets forth an itemization of all estimated expenses, all of which we will pay, in connection with the issuance and distribution of the securities being registered: Nature of Expense Amount SEC registration fee $ 701 Accounting fees and expenses $ 65,000 Legal fees and expenses $ 45,000 TOTAL * $ 110,701 * Estimated Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law provides that a corporation may indemnify directors and officers as well as other employees and individuals against expenses including attorneys' fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement in connection with various actions, suits or proceedings, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative other than an action by or in the right of the corporation, a derivative action, if they acted in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, if they had no reasonable cause to believe their conduct was unlawful. A similar standard is applicable in the case of derivative actions, except that indemnification only extends to expenses including attorneys' fees incurred in connection with the defense or settlement of such actions, and the statute requires court approval before there can be any indemnification where the person seeking indemnification has been found liable to the corporation. The statute provides that it is not exclusive of other indemnification that may be granted by a corporation's certificate of incorporation, bylaws, agreement, a vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise. The Company’s Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws provide that it will indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended from time to time, each person that such section grants us the power to indemnify. The Delaware General Corporation Law permits a corporation to provide in its certificate of incorporation that a director of the corporation shall not be personally liable to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability for: · any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders; · acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; · payments of unlawful dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions; or · any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. The Company’s Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, none of our directors will be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. Any repeal or modification of this provision will be prospective only and will not adversely affect any limitation, right or protection of a director of our company existing at the time of such repeal or modification II-1 Table of Contents Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities In connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the share exchange agreement, which is described in detail under the caption "Recent Developments" beginning on page 6, on April 11, 2008, the Company issued the following shares: · an aggregate of 13,300,00 shares to the former Wealthlink Shareholders; and · an aggregate of 1,275,000 shares to certain of the Company's service providers, in lieu of cash compensation (these include shares issued to Etech International, Inc. and Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP, which are being registered under the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part) An additional 80,300,000 shares that were previously issued and outstanding were canceled as a result of the consummation of these transactions. Additionally, in connection with the consummation of the Financing, which is described in detail under the caption "Recent Developments" beginning on page 6, on April 11, 2008, the Company issued an additional 2,000,000 shares and warrants to purchase an additional 2,000,000 shares. These shares, together with the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, are being registered under the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part All securities were issued pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, under Section 4(2) thereunder, as they were issued in reliance on the recipients’ representation that they were accredited (as such term is defined in Regulation D), without general solicitation and represented by certificates that were imprinted with a restrictive legend. In addition, all recipients were provided with sufficient access to Company information. II-2 Table of Contents Item 16. Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 5.1 Opinion of Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP 10.1 Form of Share Exchange Agreement dated April 11, 2008 by and among American Business Holdings, Inc., Wealthlink Co., Ltd. and each of the shareholders of Wealthlink Co., Ltd. * 10.2 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated April 11, 2008 among American Business Holdings, Inc., Tong Liu, and the persons listed on the signature pages thereto. * 10.3 Form of Registration Rights Agreement dated April 11, 2008 between American Business Holdings, Inc. and the several purchasers signatory thereto. * 10.4 Form of Lock-up Agreement dated April 11, 2008 between American Business Holdings, Inc. and the stockholder signatory thereto. * 10.5 Form of Warrant issued by American Business Holdings, Inc.* 10.6 Form of Escrow Agreement dated April 11, 2008 between American Business Holdings, Inc., certain officers of the company, and Crone Rozynko, LLP. * 10.7 Consulting Agreement dated April 11, 2008 between Syed Idris Husain and American Business Holdings, Inc.* 10.8 Stock Purchase Agreement dated April 11, 2008 between American Business Holdings, Inc. and each of Syed Irfan Husain, Syed Idris Husain and Verifica International, Ltd. * 21.1 List of subsidiaries of the Company 23.1 Consent of Bagell, Josephs, Levine & Company, LLC (Filed herewith) 23.2 Consent of Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1) * Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 17, 2008. II-3 Table of Contents Item 17. Undertakings The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes to: (1) File, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement to: (i) Include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"); (ii) Reflect in the prospectus any facts or events which, individually or together, represent a fundamental change in the information in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of the securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the "Calculation of Registration Fee" table in the effective registration statement; and (iii) Include any additional or changed material information on the plan of distribution. (2) For determining liability under the Securities Act, treat each post-effective amendment as a new registration statement of the securities offered, and the offering of the securities at that time to be the initial bona fide offering. (3) File a post-effective amendment to remove from registration any of the securities that remain unsold at the end of the offering. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the Company pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the Company has been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the Company of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the Company in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the Company will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. Each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A , shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. II-4 Table of Contents SIGNATURES In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the requirements of filing on Form S-1 and authorized this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned. AMERICAN BUSINESS HOLDINGS, INC. June 10, 2008 By: /s/ Tong Liu Tong Liu Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) June 10, 2008 By: /s/ Xia Yu Xia Yu Chief Financial Officer (Principal financial Officer) POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSON BY THESE PRESENTS that each individual whose signature appears below constitute and appoints Tong Liu and Xia Yu, and each of them, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities (including his or her capacity as a director and/or officer), to sign any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments) to this Registration Statement, and to sign any registration statement for the same offering covered by the Registration Statement that is to be effective upon filing pursuant to Rule 462(b) promulgated under the Securities Act, and all post-effective amendments thereto, and to file the same, will all exhibits thereto, and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or either of them, or his, her or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done or by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Tong Liu Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board June 10, 2008 Tong Liu (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Xia Yu Chief Financial Officer June 10, 2008 Xia Yu (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Yang Chen Director June 10, 2008 Yang Chen /s/ Su Zhang Director June 10, 2008 Su Zhang /s/ Gideon Efim Kory Director June 10, 2008 Gideon Efim Kory
