UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 TRXADE GROUP, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) DELAWARE (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 5122 (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) 46-3673928 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 3840 Land O’ Lakes Boulevard, Land O’ Lakes, Florida 34639, (800) 261-0281 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) The Corporation Service Company, 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, Delaware, 1980 ( 866) 403-5272 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent of service) Copies of communications to: Blair Krueger, Esq. Krueger LLP 7486 La Jolla Boulevard La Jolla, California 92037 Telephone: (858) 405-7385 From time to time after the effective date of this Registration Statement (Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public) If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933 check the following box: [X] If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. [ ] If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. [ ] If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. [ ] Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check One): Large accelerated filer [ ] Accelerated filer [ ] Non-accelerated filer [X] Smaller reporting company [ ] CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of Each Class of Securities to be Registered Amount to be Registered Proposed Maximum Offering Price Per Share 1 Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price 1 Amount of Registration Fee Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 31,949,712 shares $ 0.44 $ 13,099,381.92 $ 1,587.65 The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC” or the “Commission”), acting pursuant to Section 8(a), may determine. 1 Estimated solely for purposed of calculating the registration fee under Rule 457(a) and (o) of the Securities Act. The information contained in this preliminary Prospectus is not complete and may be changed in whole or in part. These securities may not be sold until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This preliminary Prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. Subject to completion May 3, 2019 TRXADE GROUP, INC. 31,949,712 SHARES OF COMMON STOCK The selling shareholders identified in this Prospectus (the “Selling Shareholders”) may sell or otherwise dispose of 31,949,712 shares (each, a “Share” and collectively, the “Shares”) of common stock of Trxade Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Trxade” or the “Company”), par value $0.00001. The Company is not offering any shares of common stock under this Prospectus and we will not receive any proceeds from the sale or other disposition of the Shares covered hereby. The Selling Shareholders (which term includes their respective donees, pledgees, transferees, or other successors-in-interest) may, from time to time, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of the Shares or interests therein on any stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the Shares are traded or in private transactions at fixed prices, at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to the prevailing market price, at varying prices determined at the time of sale, or at negotiated prices. The Selling Shareholders shall bear all fees, discounts, concessions or commissions of broker-dealers or agents in connection with this Offering of the Shares by the Selling Shareholders. Currently, our common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets Group Inc.’s OTCQB ® tier Venture Market (the “OTCQB”) under the trading symbol, “TRXD.” On April 26, 2019, the last reported sale price of our common stock on the OTCQB was $0.41 per share. Following the effectiveness of our registration statement (of which this Prospectus forms a part), we intend that quotation of our common stock on the OTCQB shall continue under the symbol, “TRXD”. We are an “emerging growth company” under applicable federal securities laws and are subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. See “ Risk Factors ” starting on Page 9. Prices of our common stock as reported on the OTCQB may not be indicative of the prices of our common stock if our common stock were traded on some other exchange. Accordingly, an investment in our Shares is considered an illiquid investment and subject to many risks. See “Plan of Distribution” beginning on Page 27 of this Prospectus for more information about how the Selling Shareholders may sell their Shares of common stock. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of this Prospectus is May 3, 2019 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page About this Prospectus 4 Cautionary Statement 5 Prospectus Summary 5 Risk Factors 9 Use of Proceeds 24 Description of Capital Stock 24 Plan of Distribution 27 Selling Shareholders 29 Legal Matters 34 Experts 34 Where You Can Find More Information 34 Information Incorporated by Reference 34 3 ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This Prospectus is part of a registration statement on Form S-1 that we filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Under this registration statement, the Selling Shareholders may sell, at any time and from time to time, in one or more offerings, up to 31,949,712 shares of common stock. When the Selling Shareholders elect to make an offer of any common stock described in this Prospectus, pursuant to this registration statement, a Prospectus supplement, if required, may be distributed that will contain specific information about the terms of that offering. Any required Prospectus supplement may also add, update or change information contained in this Prospectus. You should only rely on the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus and any Prospectus supplement. No person has been authorized to give any information or make any representations other than those contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any accompanying Prospectus supplement in connection with the offering described herein and therein, and, if given or made, such information or representations must not be relied upon as having been authorized by us or the Selling Shareholders. You should read the entire Prospectus and any Prospectus supplement, as well as the documents incorporated by reference into this Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement, before making an investment decision. Neither the delivery of this Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement nor any sale made hereunder shall under any circumstances imply that the information contained or incorporated by reference herein or in any Prospectus supplement is correct as of any date subsequent to the date hereof or of such Prospectus supplement, as applicable. You should assume that the information appearing in this Prospectus, any Prospectus supplement or any document incorporated by reference is accurate only as of the date of the applicable documents, regardless of the time of delivery of this Prospectus or any sale of securities. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since that date. This Prospectus may be supplemented from time to time by one or more Prospectus supplements. Any such Prospectus supplements may include additional or different information, such as additional or different risk factors or other special considerations applicable to us or our business, financial condition or results of operations. If there is any inconsistency between the information in this Prospectus and any Prospectus supplement, you should rely on the information contained in the Prospectus supplement. This Prospectus is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities other than those registered by this Prospectus, nor it is an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy securities where an offer or solicitation would be unlawful. Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this Prospectus to “Trxade,” “the Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” refer to Trxade Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and our consolidated subsidiaries. This Prospectus, including the documents incorporated herein by reference, contains references to a number of trademarks that are our registered trademarks or those of our affiliates, or trademarks for which we or our affiliates have pending registration applications or common law rights. This Prospectus may also include trade names, trademarks and service marks of other companies and organizations. 4 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Prospectus, each Prospectus supplement and the information incorporated by reference in this Prospectus and each Prospectus supplement contain certain statements that constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). The words “believe,” “may,” “will,” “potentially,” “estimate,” “continue,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “could,” “would,” “project,” “plan,” “expect” and the negative and plural forms of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Those statements appear in this Prospectus, any accompanying Prospectus supplement and the documents incorporated herein and therein by reference, particularly in the sections titled “Prospectus Summary” and “Risk Factors,” and include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company and management that are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions. This Prospectus, any Prospectus supplement and the information incorporated by reference in this Prospectus and any Prospectus supplement also contain statements that are based on the current expectations of our Company and management. You are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified, you should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States and the rules and regulations of the SEC, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein after we distribute this Prospectus, whether as a result of any new information, future events or otherwise. PROSPECTUS SUMMARY About Trxade Group, Inc. We have designed and developed, and now own and operate, a business-to-business, web-based marketplace focused on the United States pharmaceutical industry. Our core service brings the nation’s independent pharmacies and accredited national suppliers of pharmaceuticals together to provide efficient and transparent buying and selling opportunities. Our executive offices are located at 3840 Land O’ Lakes Boulevard, Land O’ Lakes, Florida 34639, and our telephone number is (866)-403-5272. We may refer to ourselves in this Prospectus as “Trxade,” the “Company,” “we,” or “us.” We began operations as Trxade Nevada in August of 2010 and initially spent two years creating and enhancing our web-based services. Our services provide enhanced pricing transparency, purchasing capabilities and other value-added services on a single platform to focus on serving the nation’s approximately 24,000 independent pharmacies with an annual purchasing power of $96 billion. Our national supplier partners are able to fulfill orders on our platform immediately and provide the pharmacy with cost saving payment terms and next day delivery capabilities in unrestrictive states under the Model State Pharmacy Act and Model Rules of the National Association of Boards of Pharmacy (Model Act). We have expanded rapidly since 2015 and now have over 10,000 registered pharmacy members purchasing products on our sales platform. 5 In December 2013, we launched a second service to help pharmaceutical distributors’ better source their pharmaceutical needs within a highly structured single platform. This solution is designed to help purchasers overcome pharmaceutical supply issues as a means to control costs on drugs with volatile pricing, as well as to help our buyers make better purchasing choices based on their needs. Additionally, we built and, in February 2014, launched a new desktop application, named “RxGuru”, to bring product information on a just-in-time basis to our member base. Our pharmacy members should benefit from this application by gaining advanced data analytics at point of purchase and patient care. RxGuru has been upgraded to continue the benefit to the pharmacies. In 2015 and 2016, through Westminster Pharmaceuticals, LLC, our wholly-owned subsidiary and distribution division (“Westminster”), we launched a private label pharmaceutical product program and entered into various supply contracts with pharmaceutical manufacturers to supply Westminster with generic pharmaceutical products on a private label basis to sell to our customers. In connection with this expansion, Westminster received significant funding in late 2015 and early 2016. Westminster was not profitable and in December 2016 we sold this division and exited the private label distribution business. In October 2018, we acquired 100 percent of Community Specialty Pharmacy, LLC (“CSP”) an accredited independent retail pharmacy with a focus on specialty medications. CSP operates with an innovative pharmacy model which offers home delivery services to any patient thereby providing convenience. We intend to continue CSP’s pharmacy model. In late 2018, we launched Delivmeds.com , a consumer-based app to provide delivery of pharmaceutical products operating as part of Alliance Pharma Solutions, LLC (“Alliance”). In early 2019 we launched Trxademso.com , as part of the SyncHealth MSO, LLC joint venture, to assist independent retail pharmacies to better compete with large national pharmacies on pricing, distribution and logistics. To date, we have not generated any revenue from these products. We have no current intentions, plans, arrangements, commitments or understandings to engage in a merger or acquisition with another company nor do we, or any of our shareholders, to our knowledge, have any plans to enter into a change of control or similar type of transaction not necessarily true as we are looking to acquire Suren’s other company. Our Principal Products and Services and their Markets. Trxade.com is a web-based pharmaceutical marketplace engaged in promoting and enabling commerce among independent pharmacies and large pharmaceutical suppliers nationally. Our marketplace has hundreds of suppliers providing over 20,000 branded and generic drugs available for purchase by pharmacists. We already serve over 10,000 independent pharmacies with access to our proprietary pharmaceutical database, data analytics regarding medication pricing, and manufacturer return policies. We generate revenues from these services by charging a transaction fee to the seller of the products for sales conducted via our Trxade platform. The buyers do not bear the cost of transaction fees for the purchases which they make, nor do they pay a fee to join or register with our platform. Substantially all of our revenues during the years ended December 31, 2018, and 2017, were from platform revenue generated on www.Trxade.com. For additional information, please visit us at http://www.trxadegroup.com, http://www.trxade.com, http://www.delivmeds.com, and https://www.trxademso.com. Status of any publicly announced new products or services. We have a number of products and services still in development, which are described below. InventoryRx.com . InventoryRx, launched in the first quarter of 2014, is a web-based pharmaceutical exchange platform where wholesalers can buy and sell pharmaceuticals or over-the-counter medications with each other in a systematized online sales platform. The site offers these trading partners’ greater product availability and pricing transparency. The site may also substantially improve our customers buying efficiency and lower their cost of goods on a continuous basis. This product is built into the Trxade.com platform and, accordingly, we have not generated any independent revenue from this product. 6 Pharmabayonline . We formed Pharmabayonline to provide proprietary pharmaceutical data analytics and governmental reimbursement benchmarks analysis to United States-based independent pharmacies and pharmaceutical databases. RxGuru . Our RxGuru application was launched in the first quarter of 2014 and underscores our commitment to deliver timely information to our customers at the moment before purchase. Our industry leading price prediction model, “RxGuru”, integrates product insight into pharmacy acquisition benchmarks (“PAC”) to ascertain trends and pricing variances which result in significant purchasing opportunities. “RX Guru” helps to predict prices and affords our members an opportunity continuously to benefit from real price purchasing opportunities that are often concealed from the rest of the industry. This product is built into the Trxade.com platform and, accordingly, this application works in conjunction with the Trxade platform but, to date, has not generated any independent revenue. Integra Pharma Solutions, LLC . Integra is intended to serve as our logistics company for pharmaceutical distribution and has limited operations and revenue at this time. Community Specialty Pharmacy, LLC . We acquired CSP on October 15, 2018. CSP is an accredited pharmacy located in St. Petersburg, Florida and focuses upon specialty medications. The company operates with an innovative pharmacy model which offers home delivery services to any patient thereby providing convenience. See Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information concerning the business combination and our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2018. Delivmeds.com . Delivmeds.com was launched in late 2018 as a consumer-based app to provide delivery of pharmaceutical products associated with Alliance Pharma Solutions, LLC. To date, we have not generated any revenue from this product. Trxademso . Trxademso was launched early 2019 as part of the SyncHealth MSO, LLC joint venture to assist independent retail pharmacies to compete better with large national pharmacies on pricing, distribution and logistics. To date, we have not generated any revenue from this product. All our product offerings are focused on the United States markets. Some products are restricted just to certain states, depending upon the various applicable state regulations and guidelines pertaining to pharmaceuticals, particularly, and drug businesses, generally. Our services are distributed through our online platform. The Pharmaceutical Industry According to the 2013-14 Economic Report on Retail, Mail, and Specialty Pharmacies by Adam J. Fein, Ph.D. (the “Fein Report”), United States pharmaceutical companies comprise a burgeoning $330 billion industry consisting of over 65,000 pharmacy facilities and 700 DEA-registered (and 1,500 State-licensed) suppliers. Management believes that few platforms currently in place to bring these participants together to share market knowledge, product pricing transparency and product availability. According to this, the pharmaceutical market is comprised primarily of three wholesalers that control an estimated approximately 92% of the market. Our management believes that this concentration has, over the years, led to a lack of price and cost transparency, thereby resulting in severe limitations on the purchasing choices of industry participants. These market dynamics have enabled these large wholesalers (McKesson, Cardinal Health and AmerisourceBergen), known as ADR distributors, to dominate the industry with respect to both generic and brand pharmaceuticals. The increasing concentration of generic medications (ANDA, or “Abbreviated New Drug Application”), however, with many more expected to go to market in the near future (approximately $80 billion branded medications will lose their patent protection within the next ten years), have enabled smaller suppliers’ access to an increasing number of medications at highly discounted prices. The market is slowly changing towards one where medications will become a commoditized and influenced by price rather than the business relationships imposed by the dominant participants of the past. 7 To fuel this change, insurance companies (Pharmacy Benefits Management (“PBM”) and private health payers) and the federal government have recently initiated lower medication reimbursement payments to healthcare providers. We believe that pharmacies in due course will face increasing pressure to source medications as inexpensively as possible and improve operational efficiency. Trxade seeks to be in the forefront of solving these transparency and pricing concerns by providing independent, retail pharmacies with real-time, pharmacy acquisition cost (“PAC”) benchmarks to the National Drug Code (the “NDC”) standard. The NDC mark is a unique product identifier used in the United States for drugs intended for human use. This Offering The Selling Shareholders named in this Prospectus may offer and sell up to 31,949,712 shares of our common stock, par value $0.00001 per share. Our common stock is currently listed on the OTC Markets Group Inc.’s OTCQB ® tier Venture Market (the “OTCQB”) under the trading symbol, “TRXD.” On April 19, 2019, the last reported sale price of our common stock on the OTCQB was $0.41 per share. Shares of our common stock that may be offered under this Prospectus will be fully paid and non-assessable. We will not receive any of the proceeds of sales by our Selling Shareholders of any of the common stock covered by this Prospectus. Shares of Common Stock Offered Maximum of 31,949,712 Shares. No minimum number of Shares must be sold to close. Use of Proceeds We will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale or other disposition by the Selling Shareholders or their transferees of the Shares of common stock covered hereby. Termination of this Offering The Offering will conclude when all 31,949,712 Shares of common stock have been sold, or 180 days after this registration statement becomes effective with the Securities and Exchange Commission. At our discretion we may extend this Offering for an additional 180 days. Risk factors Purchase of our common stock involves a high degree of risk. The common stock offered in this Prospectus is for investment purposes only and currently only a limited market exists for our common stock. Please refer to the section entitled “Risk Factors” before making an investment in our common stock. Trading symbol Our common stock trades on the OTC Markets Group Inc.’s OTCQB ® tier Venture Market (the “OTCQB”) under the trading symbol “TRXD”. 8 RISK FACTORS You should be aware that there are substantial risks for an investment in our common stock. You should carefully consider these risk factors, along with the other information included in this Prospectus, before you decide to invest in our common stock. If any of the following risks were to occur, such as our business, financial condition, results of operations or other prospects, any of these could materially affect our likelihood of success. If that happens, the market price of our common stock, if any, could decline, and prospective investors would lose all or part of their investment in our common stock. Risks Related to the Business Our business, financial condition and results of operations are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below and elsewhere in this Report. This section discusses factors that, individually or in the aggregate, we think could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. It is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, the following description of Risk Factors is not a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties applicable to our business. Our internal controls may be inadequate, which could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation being disseminated to the public. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. As defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f), internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the principal executive and principal financial officer and effected by the board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: ● pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; ● provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and/or directors of the Company; ● and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. We will not be required to provide an assessment of the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting until our second annual report after the completion of our Offering. And our auditor’s attestation of management’s evaluation of effectiveness of the internal controls is not required as long as we are an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act and/or a smaller reporting company as that term is defined. Despite these requirements, any delayed implementation of our internal controls may be inadequate or ineffective, which could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation being disseminated. Investors relying upon this misinformation may make an uninformed investment decision. 9 We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and as a consequence of taking advantage of certain exemptions from reporting requirements that are available to emerging growth companies, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. We are an emerging growth company as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Pursuant to Section 107 of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, we may take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards, meaning that we can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have chosen to take advantage of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies to delay adoption of such standards until such standards are made applicable to private companies. Accordingly, our financial statements may not be comparable to the financial statements of public companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. The costs of being a public company could result in us being unable to continue as a going concern. As a public company, we will be required to comply with numerous financial reporting and legal requirements, including those pertaining to annual audits, quarterly review and reporting and internal controls. The costs of this compliance could be quite significant. If revenues are insufficient, or we cannot satisfy many of these costs through the issuance of shares, we may be unable to satisfy these costs through the normal course of business which would result in being unable to continue as a going concern. We were recently unprofitable and we may incur losses in the future. In 2017, we became profitable for the first time; in prior years, we were unprofitable and generated a net accumulated deficit of ($8,120,113). Our current business model has been in constant and improved development since 2010 with results that culminated in our first profit for the year ended December 31, 2017. Revenues generated from our consolidated operations for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 were $3,831,778 and $2,931,280, respectively. We incurred positive net income for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 of $9,038 and $288,983, respectively. We may incur other losses in the foreseeable future due to the significant costs associated with our business development, including costs associated with maintaining compliance under SEC reporting standards. We cannot assure you that our operations will annually generate sufficient revenues to fund our continuing operations or to fully implement our business plan, and thereafter sustain profitability in any future period. The likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered in connection with the start and growth of a business, the implementation and execution of our business plan, and the regulatory environment affecting the distribution of pharmaceuticals in which we operate. If we do not obtain additional financing, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. Management anticipates that we will require additional working capital to pursue continued development of products, services, and marketing operations. We cannot accurately predict the timing and amount of such capital requirements. Additional financing may not be available to us when needed or, if available, it may not be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. If we are not able to obtain the necessary additional financing on a timely or commercially reasonable basis, we will be forced to delay or scale down some or all of its development activities (or perhaps even cease the operation of our business). We have no commitments for any additional financing, and there can be no assurance that any such commitments can be obtained on favorable terms, if at all. Any additional equity financing will be dilutive to our stockholders, and debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants with respect to dividends, raising future capital, and other financial and operational matters. If we are unable to obtain additional financing as needed, we may be required to reduce the scope of our operations or our anticipated expansion, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 10 Many of our competitors are better established and have resources significantly greater than we have, which may make it difficult to fend off competition. We expect to compete with our three largest ADR distributors (McKesson, Cardinal Health and AmerisourceBergen), in addition to other pharmaceutical distributors, buying groups, software products, and various start-up drug companies. Many of these operations have substantially greater financial and manufacturer-backed resources, longer operating histories, greater name recognition and more established relationships in the industry than us. In addition, a number of these competitors may combine or form strategic partnerships. As a result, our competitors may establish a more favorable footing in the pharmaceutical industry with respect to pricing or other factors. Our failure to compete successfully with any of these companies would have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of our common stock. The three distributors listed above have a strong control over our industry, as they have contracts with the 24,000 independent, retail pharmacies that limit the participants’ ability to purchase pharmaceuticals outside of those primary distributors. Additional restrictive elements exist within the pharmaceutical channels of distribution. For example, a number of the inventory management systems, either developed by the distributors or third-party vendors, have been developed to require compliance to these restrictive purchasing agreements. Management anticipates that other existing and prospective competitors will adopt technologies or business plans similar to ours, or seek other means to develop operations competitive with ours, particularly if our development of large-scale production progresses as scheduled. We will need to expand our member base or our profit margins to attain profitability. Currently, we are paid an administrative fee of up to 6 percent of the buying price on the generic pharmaceuticals sold to pharmacies and up to 1 percent on brand pharmaceuticals that pass through our pharmaceutical exchanges. Our management is aware that the competitiveness of the group of suppliers that participate in our system and price products on our exchange is a key factor in determining how many purchasing pharmacies and wholesalers will purchase products through our platforms. However, price is not the only factor that influences where retail pharmacies will obtain their product. Quality fulfillment services are also important, and retail pharmacies have historically received quality fulfillment services from the three major ADR distributors. In order to be more competitive, we must improve our customer service and wholesaler fulfillment efforts, because the independent, retail pharmacy has for years considered this element of the fulfillment process as important as price. Other factors influencing the pharmacies purchasing behavior in the future will be changes brought upon by the Affordable Care Act, which regulates some aspects of pharmaceutical spending and pricing. Management believes that we should benefit substantially from our pricing and product knowledge that is offered by our platform. Profitability may be further increased as a result of lower cost of goods should the Company build stronger relationships with manufacturers and other larger buying groups that serve wholesalers and distributors. On a larger scale, those margins will drop depending upon the breadth of products provided in the market and the sale turn rates required. We are currently undertaking a significant effort to increase our membership base through attendance at annual conferences and other strategies. Trxade has an expanded e-mail marketing strategy based on our competitive price advantages and price trend analysis tools. There are inherent risks associated with our operations within the Pharmaceutical Distribution Markets. There are inherent risks involved with doing business within the pharmaceutical distribution channel, including: ● Improperly manufactured products may prove dangerous to the end consumer. ● Products may become adulterated by improper warehousing methods or modes of shipment. ● Counterfeit products or products with fake pedigree papers. ● Unlicensed or unlawful participants in the distribution channel. ● Risk with default and the assumption of credit loss. ● Risk related to the loss of supply, or the loss of a number of suppliers. 11 Although all of our end-user agreements require our customers to indemnify us and for any and all liabilities resulting from our participation in the pharmaceutical distribution industry, we cannot assure you that the parties required to provide such indemnification will have the financial resources to do so. Additionally, although we have evaluated appropriate state statutes and federal laws pertaining to pharmaceutical distribution in an effort to diminish our risks, the Board of Pharmacy for each state is responsible for interpreting their state laws, and their interpretations may not comport with our analysis. It is also possible that any third-party logistics arrangements may disrupt service, create a loss of income, or other unforeseen disruptions should the service provider experience any legal, financial or other difficulties of their own. Regulatory changes that affect our distribution channels could also harm our business. Certain states, including California, Florida, Nevada, New Mexico and Indiana, have enacted laws that prohibit lateral movement of pharmaceuticals within the distribution channel. These laws prohibit wholesalers from selling pharmaceuticals directly from or to other wholesalers where they maintain inventory. Other states may in the future enact similar laws that place restrictions in pharmaceutical trading within the Trxade platforms. At the federal level, the implementation of the track and trace legislation by 2017 requiring the use of pharmaceutical pedigree may, in the future, restrict and disrupt the movement of pharmaceuticals along the supply chain should the cost of complying with this new legislation be too burdensome for smaller suppliers. Changes in the United States healthcare industry and regulatory environment could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. Many of our products and services are intended to function within the structure of the healthcare financing and reimbursement system currently being used in the United States. In recent years, the healthcare industry in the United States has changed significantly in an effort to enhance efficiencies, reduce costs and improve patient outcomes. These changes have included cuts in Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement levels, changes in the basis for payments, shifting away from fee-for-service and towards value-based payments and risk-sharing models, increases in the use of managed care, and consolidation in the healthcare industry generally. We expect that the healthcare industry in the United States shall continue to change and evolve in the near future. Changes in the healthcare industry’s (or our pharmaceutical suppliers’) pricing, selling, inventory, distribution or supply policies or practices could significantly reduce our revenues and net income. Additionally, if we experience disruptions in our supply of generic drugs, our margins could be adversely affected. We distribute generic pharmaceuticals, which can be subject to both price deflation and price inflation. Continued volatility in the availability, pricing trends or reimbursement of these generic drugs, or significant fluctuations in the nature, frequency and magnitude of generic pharmaceutical launches, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. Additionally, any future changes in branded and generics drug pricing could be significantly different than our projections. Generic drug manufacturers are increasingly challenging the validity or enforceability of patents on branded pharmaceutical products. During the pendency of these legal challenges, a generics manufacturer may begin manufacturing and selling a generic version of the branded product prior to the final resolution of its legal challenge over the branded product’s patent. To the extent we source, contract manufacture, and distribute such generic products, the brand-name company could assert infringement claims against us. While we generally obtain indemnification against such claims from generic manufacturers as a condition of distributing their products, there can be no assurances that these rights will be adequate or sufficient to protect us. The healthcare industry is highly regulated, and further regulation of our distribution businesses and technology products and services could impose increased costs, negatively impact our profit margins and the profit margins of our customers, delay the introduction or implementation of our new products, or otherwise negatively impact our business and expose us to litigation and regulatory investigations. 12 Healthcare fraud laws are often vague and uncertain, exposing us to potential liability. We are subject to extensive, and frequently changing, local, state and federal laws and regulations relating to healthcare fraud, waste and abuse. Local, state and federal governments continue to strengthen their position and scrutiny over practices involving fraud, waste and abuse affecting Medicare, Medicaid and other government healthcare programs. Many of the regulations applicable to us, including those relating to marketing incentives, are vague or indefinite and have not been interpreted by the courts. The regulations may be interpreted or applied by a prosecutorial, regulatory, or judicial authority in a manner that could require us to make changes in our operations. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could become liable for damages and suffer civil and criminal penalties, including the loss of licenses or our ability to participate in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal and state healthcare programs. Laws reducing reimbursements for pharmaceuticals could ruin our industry. Both our profit margins and the profit margins of our customers may be adversely affected by laws and regulations reducing reimbursement rates for pharmaceuticals, medical treatments and related services, or changing the methodology by which reimbursement levels are determined. The federal government may adopt measures that could reduce Medicare or Medicaid spending, or impose additional requirements on healthcare entities. We cannot predict what alternative or additional deficit reduction initiatives or Medicare payment reductions, if any, will ultimately be enacted into law, or the timing or affect any such initiatives or reductions would have on us. There can be no assurance that the preceding changes would not have a material adverse impact on our results of operations Operating, security and licensure standards of federal agencies challenge our ability to comply with applicable laws and regulations. We are subject to the operating and security standards of the Drug Enforcement Administration (the “DEA”), the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the “FDA”), various state boards of pharmacy, state health departments, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”), the CMS, and other comparable agencies. Although we have enhanced our procedures to ensure compliance, there can be no assurance that a regulatory agency or tribunal would conclude that our operations are compliant with applicable laws and regulations. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain or renew existing permits, licenses or any other regulatory approvals or obtain without significant delay future permits, licenses or other approvals needed for the operation of our businesses. Any noncompliance by us with applicable laws and regulations or the failure to maintain, renew or obtain necessary permits and licenses could lead to litigation and have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. Pedigree tracking laws and regulations could increase our regulatory burdens. Congress and state and federal agencies, including state boards of pharmacy and departments of health and the FDA, have made increased efforts in the past year to regulate the pharmaceutical distribution system in order to prevent the introduction of counterfeit, adulterated or mislabeled drugs into the pharmaceutical distribution system (otherwise known as “pedigree tracking”). In November 2013, Congress passed (and President Barack Obama signed into law) the Drug Quality and Security Act (the “DQSA”). The DQSA establishes federal standards requiring supply-chain stakeholders to participate in an electronic, interoperable, lot-level prescription drug track-and-trace system. The law also preempts state drug pedigree requirements and establishes new requirements for drug wholesale distributors and third-party logistics providers, including licensing requirements in states that had not previously licensed such entities. In addition, the Food and Drug Administration Amendments Act of 2007 requires the FDA to establish standards and identify and validate effective technologies for the purpose of securing the pharmaceutical supply chain against counterfeit drugs. These standards may include track-and-trace or authentication technologies, such as radio frequency identification devices, 2D data matrix barcodes, and other similar technologies. On March 26, 2010, the FDA released the Serialized Numerical Identifier (the “SNI”) guidance for manufacturers who serialize pharmaceutical packaging. We expect to be able to accommodate these SNI regulations in our distribution operations. The DQSA and other pedigree tracking laws and regulations could increase the overall regulatory burden and costs associated with our pharmaceutical distribution business and could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 13 We are uncertain how new privacy laws shall be interpreted. There are numerous federal and state laws and regulations related to the privacy and security of personal information. In particular, regulations promulgated pursuant to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”) establish privacy and security standards that limit the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health information (known as “protected health information”) and require the implementation of administrative, physical and technological safeguards to protect the privacy of protected health information and ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of electronic protected health information. We are directly subject to certain provisions of the regulations as a “Business Associate” through our relationships with customers. We are also directly subject to the HIPAA privacy and security regulations as a “Covered Entity” with respect to our operations as a healthcare clearinghouse, specialty pharmacy and medical surgical supply business. If we are unable to properly protect the privacy and security of protected health information entrusted to us, we could be found to have breached our contracts with our customers. Further, if we fail to comply with applicable HIPAA privacy and security standards, we could face civil and criminal penalties. Although we have implemented and continue to maintain policies and processes to assist us in complying with these regulations and our contractual obligations, we cannot provide assurances regarding how these regulations will be interpreted, enforced or applied by the government and regulators to our operations. In addition to the risks associated with enforcement activities and potential contractual liabilities, our ongoing efforts to comply with evolving laws and regulations at the federal and state level might also require us to make costly system purchases /or modifications from time to time. There are continued uncertainties associated with efforts to change or repeal healthcare reforms, and we cannot predict their full effect on us at this time. The Affordable Care Act (the “ACA”) significantly expanded health insurance coverage to uninsured Americans and changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private payers. While certain provisions of the ACA took effect immediately, others have delayed effective dates or require further rulemaking action or regulatory guidance by governmental agencies to implement or finalize (e.g. nondiscrimination in health programs and activities, or excise taxes on high-cost employer-sponsored health coverage). Further, as a result of the November 2016 U.S. presidential election, there are continued uncertainties associated with efforts to change or repeal certain provisions of the ACA or other healthcare reforms, and we cannot predict their full effect on thus at this time. A top legislative priority of the Trump presidential administration and Congress may be significant reform of the ACA, as discussed above. While there is currently a substantial lack of clarity around the likelihood, timing and details of any such policies and reforms, such policies and reforms may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. Medical billing and coding laws may subject us to fines and investigations. Medical billing, coding and collection activities are governed by numerous federal and state civil and criminal laws. In connection with these laws, we may be subjected to federal or state government investigations and possible penalties may be imposed upon us, false claims actions may have to be defended, private payers may file claims against us and we may be excluded from Medicare, Medicaid or other government-funded healthcare programs. Any such proceeding or investigation could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. System errors or failures of our platform or services to conform to specifications could cause unforeseen liabilities or injury, harm our reputation and have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. The software and technology services that we operate are complex. As with complex systems offered by others, our software and technology services may contain errors, especially when first introduced. Failure of a customer’s system to perform in accordance with our documentation could constitute a breach of warranty and could require us to incur additional expense in order to make the system comply with the documentation. If such failure is not remedied in a timely manner, it could constitute a material breach under a contract, allowing the client to cancel the contract, obtain refunds of amounts previously paid, or assert claims for significant damages. 14 We may apply working capital and future funding to uses that ultimately do not improve our operating results or increase the value of your investment. In general, we have complete discretion over the use of our working capital and any new investment capital we may obtain in the future. Because of the number and variety of factors that could determine our use of funds, there can be no assurance that our ultimate expenditure of funds (and their uses) will not vary substantially from our current intended operating plan for such funds. We intend to use existing working capital and future funding to support the development of our products and services, product purchases in our wholesale distribution division, the expansion of our marketing, or the support of operations to educate our customers. We will also use capital for market and network expansion, acquisitions, and general working capital purposes. However, we do not have more specific plans for the use and expenditure of our capital. Our management has broad discretion to use any or all of our available capital reserves. Our capital could be applied in ways that do not improve our operating results or otherwise increase the value of a shareholder’s investment. We do not have a traditional credit facility with a financial institution, which may adversely impact our operations. We do not have a traditional credit facility with a financial institution, such as a working line of credit. The absence of such a facility could adversely impact our operations, as it may constrain our ability to have available the working capital for equipment purchases or other operational requirements. If adequate funds are not otherwise available, we may be required to delay, scale back or eliminate portions of our business development efforts. Without credit facilities, we could be forced to cease operations and investors in our securities could lose their entire investment. We are dependent upon our current management, who may have conflicts of interest. We are dependent upon the efforts of our current management. All of our officers and directors have duties and affiliations with other companies. Even though these companies are not competitors or involved in pharmaceutical distribution, involvement of our officers and directors in other businesses may still present a conflict of interest regarding decisions they make for Trxade or with respect to the amount of time available for Trxade. The loss of any of our officers or directors and, in particular, Mr. Patel or Mr. Ajjarapu, could have a materially adverse effect upon our business and future prospects. We do not have key-man life insurance upon the life of any of our officers or directors. While our management team has considerable information technology and entrepreneurial experience, none of our management was been involved in pharmaceutical distribution prior to joining the Company and, as such, did not have any technical experience in pharmaceutical distribution prior to joining us. Upon adequate funding, management intends to hire qualified and experienced personnel, including additional officers and directors, and specialists, professionals and consulting firms to advise management, as needed; however, there can be no assurance that management will be successful in raising the necessary funds in respect of recruiting, hiring and retaining such qualified individuals and firms. A significant disruption in our computer systems could adversely affect our operations. We rely extensively on our computer systems to manage our ordering, pricing, point-of-sale, pharmacy fulfillment, inventory replenishment, customer program, finance and other processes. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, vandalism, natural disasters, catastrophic events and human error, and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. If any of our systems are damaged, fail to function properly or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may experience loss or corruption of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, we are currently making, and expect to continue to make, substantial investments in our information technology systems and infrastructure, some of which are significant. Upgrades involve replacing existing systems with successor systems, making changes to existing systems, or cost-effectively acquiring new systems with new functionality. Implementing new systems carries significant potential risks, including failure to operate as designed, potential loss or corruption of data or information, cost overruns, implementation delays, disruption of operations, and the potential inability to meet business and reporting requirements. While we are aware of inherent risks associated with replacing these systems and believe we are taking reasonable action to mitigate known risks, there can be no assurance that these technology initiatives will be deployed as planned or that they will be timely implemented without disruption to our operations. 15 We plan to implement an aggressive growth strategy, which could increase the risk of failure. For the foreseeable future, we intend to pursue an aggressive growth strategy for the expansion of our operations through increased product development and marketing. Our ability to rapidly expand our operations will depend upon many factors, including our ability to work in a regulated environment, market value-added products effectively to independent pharmacies, establish and maintain strategic relationships with suppliers, and obtain adequate capital resources on acceptable terms. Any restrictions on our ability to expand may have a materially adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Accordingly, there are no assurances that we will be able to achieve our targets for sales growth, or that our operations will be successful or achieve anticipated operating results. We rely on third party contracts. We depend on others to provide products and services to us. We do not manufacture pharmaceuticals and we do not sell pharmaceuticals to the end consumer. We do not control these wholesalers, suppliers and purchasers and, although our arrangements with them will be terminable or of limited length, a change may be difficult to implement. At this time, we have a working relationship with over 25 wholesalers and the nation’s largest buying group. Although we believe that those entities are satisfied with their business relationship with Trxade, if our buying group and two or three of the wholesalers decided no longer to do business with us, that supplier void would materially and adversely affect our competitiveness in the marketplace. It may be difficult and costly for us to comply with the extensive government regulations to which our business may be subject. Our operations are subject to extensive regulation by the U.S. federal and state governments. In addition as we expand our operations, we may also become subject to the regulations of foreign jurisdictions, as well as additional regulations relating to environmental matters, transportation of pharmaceutical products, shipping restrictions, and import and export restrictions. Further, the enactment of new rules and regulations could adversely affect our business. For example, the Affordable Care Act has the primary goal of reducing the cost of healthcare and providing medical coverage to some of the nation’s 25 million uninsured. Depending on our future enforcement or additional rules and regulations created around it, pharmaceutical pricing controls could be established resulting in substantially reduced margins and limited reimbursement for pharmacies and all other healthcare provider bases. In turn, this may adversely affect our cash flow, profitability, and growth. We will continue to incur increased costs as a result of being a reporting company, and given our limited capital resources, such additional costs may have an adverse impact on our profitability. We are an SEC-reporting company. The rules and regulations under the Exchange Act require reporting companies to provide periodic reports with interactive data files, which require that we engage legal, accounting and auditing professionals, and XBRL and EDGAR service providers. The engagement of such services can be costly, and we may continue to incur additional losses, which may adversely affect our ability to continue as a going concern. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as a variety of related rules implemented by the SEC, have required changes in corporate governance practices and generally increased the disclosure requirements of public companies. For example, as a result of being a reporting company, we are required to file periodic and current reports and other information with the SEC and we have adopted policies regarding disclosure controls and procedures and regularly evaluate those controls and procedures. 16 The additional costs we continue to incur in connection with becoming a reporting company (expected to be several hundred thousand dollars per year) will continue to further stretch our limited capital resources. Due to our limited resources, we have to allocate resources away from other productive uses in order to continue to comply with our obligations as an SEC reporting company. Further, there is no guarantee that we will have sufficient resources to continue to meet our reporting and filing obligations with the SEC as they come due. Risks Related to Our Common Stock We are subject to the “penny stock” rules which will adversely affect the liquidity of our common stock. Our stock is defined as a “penny stock” under Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act. In general, a “penny stock” includes securities of companies which are not listed on the principal stock exchanges or NASDAQ and have a bid price in the market of less than $5.00; and companies with net tangible assets of less than $2,000,000 ($5,000,000 if the issuer has been in continuous operation for less than three years), or which has recorded revenues of less than $6,000,000 in the last three years. “Penny stocks” are subject to rule 15g-9, which imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that sell such securities to persons other than established customers and “accredited investors” (generally, individuals with net worth in excess of $1,000,000 or annual incomes exceeding $200,000, or $300,000 together with their spouses, or individuals who are officers or directors of the issuer of the securities). For transactions covered by Rule 15g-9, a broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and have received the purchaser’s written consent to the transaction prior to sale. Consequently, this rule may adversely affect the ability of broker-dealers to sell our stock, and therefore, may adversely affect the ability of our stockholders to sell stock in the public market. The sale of shares by our directors and officers may adversely affect the market price for our shares. Sales of significant amounts of shares held by our officers and directors, or the prospect of these sales, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Management’s stock ownership may discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us, which in turn could reduce our stock price or prevent our stockholders from realizing a premium over our stock price. A significant number of our shares are eligible for sale and their sale or potential sale may depress the market price of our common stock. Sales of a significant number of shares of our common stock in the public market could harm the market price of our common stock. Most of our common stock is available for resale in the public market, and if sold would increase the supply of our common stock, thereby causing a decrease its price. Some or all of our shares of common stock may be offered from time to time in the open market pursuant to compliance with Rule 144, which sales could have a depressive effect on the market for our shares of common stock. Subject to certain restrictions, a person who has held restricted shares for a period of six months may sell common stock into the market. The limitation of monetary liability against our directors, officers and employees under Delaware law and the existence of indemnification rights to them may result in substantial expenditures by us and may discourage lawsuits against our directors, officers and employees. 17 Our articles of incorporation contain a specific provision that limits the liability of our directors for monetary damages to the Company and the Company’s stockholders. We also have contractual indemnification obligations under our employment and engagement agreements with our executive officers and directors. The foregoing indemnification obligations could result in us incurring substantial expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or damage awards against our directors and officers, which the Company may be unable to recoup. These provisions and resultant costs may also discourage us from bringing a lawsuit against our directors and officers for breaches of their fiduciary duties and may similarly discourage the filing of derivative litigation by our stockholders against our directors and officers, even though such actions, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Because our stock currently trades below $5.00 per share and is quoted on the OTCQB® Marketplace, our stock is considered a “penny stock”, which can adversely affect its liquidity. As the trading price of our common stock is less than $5.00 per share, our common stock is considered a “penny stock,” and trading in our common stock is subject to the requirements of Rule 15g-9 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Under this rule, broker/dealers who recommend low-priced securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors must satisfy special sales practice requirements. The broker/dealer must make an individualized written suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser’s written consent prior to the transaction. Securities and Exchange Commission regulations also require additional disclosure in connection with any trades involving a “penny stock,” including the delivery, prior to any penny stock transaction, of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and its associated risks. These requirements severely limit the liquidity of our common stock in the secondary market because few brokers or dealers are likely to undertake these compliance activities. Purchasers of our common stock may find it difficult to resell the shares in the secondary market. There may not be sufficient liquidity in the market for our securities in order for investors to sell their Shares. The market price of our comment stock may be volatile . While our common stock is quoted on the OTCQB Tier of the OTC Markets, our common stock is thinly traded and should be considered an illiquid investment. The market price of our common stock will likely be highly volatile, as is the stock market in general, and the market for over the counter quoted stocks in particular. Some of the factors that may materially affect the market price of our common stock are beyond our control, such as conditions or trends in the industry in which we operate or sales of our common stock. This situation is attributable to a number of factors, including the fact that we are a small company which is relatively unknown to stock analysts, stock brokers, institutional investors and others in the investment community that generate or influence sales volume, and that even if we came to the attention of such persons, they tend to be risk-averse and would be reluctant to follow an unproven company such as ours or purchase or recommend the purchase of our shares until such time as we became more seasoned and viable. As a consequence, there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our shares is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a mature issuer which has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on share price. It is possible that a broader or more active public trading market for our common stock will not develop or be sustained, or that trading levels will not continue. These factors may materially adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our performance. In addition, the public stock markets have experienced extreme price and trading volume volatility. This volatility has significantly affected the market prices of securities of many companies for reasons frequently unrelated to the operating performance of the specific companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. The exercise of outstanding warrants, options and shares issued in connection with a joint venture will be dilutive to our existing stockholders. As of April 29, 2019, we had 33,726,459 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding and the following securities, which are exercisable into shares of our common stock, were outstanding: ● 2,880,141 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants with exercise prices ranging from $0.01 to $1.50 per share; ● 1,732,846 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of options with exercise prices ranging from $0.50 per share to $1.61 per share; and ● a maximum total of 14,776,638 shares of our common stock may be issued to PanOptic, subject to PanOptic and SyncHealth meeting all of the revenue covenants, in connection with the Joint Venture (and these shares would be subject to the Shareholders Agreement-for further information please review Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 22, 2019, and other documents referenced therein). The issuance of these shares will be dilutive to our existing stockholders. 18 FINRA sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholders ability to buy or sell our stock In addition to the penny stock rules promulgated by the SEC, which are discussed earlier in this section, the rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative, low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must have reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer’s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit the ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market value for our shares. We have never paid or declared any dividends on our common stock. We have never paid or declared any dividends on our common stock or preferred stock. Likewise, we do not anticipate paying, in the near future, dividends or distributions on our common stock. Any future dividends on common stock will be declared at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend, among other things, on our earnings, our financial requirements for future operations and growth, and other facts as we may then deem appropriate. Our directors have the right to authorize the issuance of shares of preferred stock and additional shares of our common stock. Our directors, within the limitations and restrictions contained in our articles of incorporation and without further action by our stockholders, have the authority to issue shares of preferred stock from time to time in one or more series and to fix the number of shares and the relative rights, conversion rights, voting rights, and terms of redemption, liquidation preferences and any other preferences, special rights and qualifications of any such series. Any issuance of shares of preferred stock could adversely affect the rights of holders of our common stock. Should we issue additional shares of our common stock at a later time, each investor’s ownership interest in our stock would be proportionally reduced. If we fail to remain current in our reporting requirements on the OTCQB, where we are publicly quoted, we could be removed from the OTCQB, which would limit the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and the ability of stockholders to sell their securities in the secondary market. Companies whose shares are quoted for sale on the OTCQB must be reporting issuers under Section 12 of the Exchange Act and must be current in their reports under Section 13 of the Exchange Act, in order to maintain price quotation privileges on the OTCQB. If we fail to remain current in our reporting requirements, we could be removed from the OTCQB. As a result, the market liquidity for our securities could be adversely affected by limiting the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and the ability of stockholders to sell their securities in the secondary market. 19 The market price for our common stock is particularly volatile, given our status as a relatively unknown company with a small and thinly quoted public float, and lack of profitability, which could lead to wide fluctuations in our share price. The market for our common stock on the OTCQB will most likely continue to be characterized by significant price volatility when compared to seasoned issuers, and we expect that our share price will be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. The volatility in our share price would be attributable to a number of factors. First, as noted above, the shares of our common stock will likely be sporadically and/or thinly quoted. As a consequence of this lack of liquidity, the trading of relatively small quantities of shares by our stockholders may disproportionately influence the price of those shares in either direction. The price for our shares could, for example, decline precipitously in the event that a large number of shares of our common stock are sold on the market without commensurate demand, as compared to a seasoned issuer which could better absorb those sales without adverse impact on its share price. Anti-takeover provisions may impede the acquisition of Trxade. Certain provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (DGCL) have anti-takeover effects and may inhibit a non-negotiated merger or other business combination. These provisions are intended to encourage any person interested in acquiring Trxade to negotiate with, and to obtain the approval of, our directors, in connection with such a transaction. As a result, certain of these provisions may discourage a future acquisition of Trxade, including an acquisition in which the stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. In addition, we can also authorize “blank check” preferred stock, which could be issued by our board of directors without stockholder approval and may contain voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to our common stock. If we fail to establish and maintain an effective system of internal control, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately or to prevent fraud. Any inability to report and file our financial results accurately and timely could harm our business and adversely impact the trading price of our common stock. Effective internal control is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, we may not be able to manage our business as effectively as we would if an effective control environment existed, and our business, brand and reputation with investors may be harmed. In addition, reporting a material weakness may negatively impact investors’ perception of us. We have allocated, and will continue to allocate, significant additional resources to remedy any deficiencies in our internal control. There can be no assurances that our remedial measures will be successful in curing the any material weakness or that other significant deficiencies or material weaknesses will not arise in the future. Our Chief Executive Officer and President are our two largest stockholders and, as a result, they can exert control over us and have actual or potential interests that may diverge from yours. Suren Ajjarapu, our CEO, and Prashant Patel, our President, beneficially own, in the aggregate, over 78 percent of our common stock. As a result, these stockholders, acting together, will be able to influence many matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of mergers and other significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control, and could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their shares of common stock as part of a sale of our company and may affect the market price of our stock. Further, Mr. Ajjarapu and Mr. Patel may have interests that diverge from those of other holders of our common stock. As a result, Mr. Ajjarapu and Mr. Patel may vote the shares they own or control or otherwise cause us to take actions that may conflict with your best interests as a stockholder, which could adversely affect our results of operations and the trading price of our common stock. Through this control, Mr. Ajjarapu and Mr. Patel can control our management, affairs and all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the approval of significant corporate transactions, a sale of our company, decisions about our capital structure and the composition of our Board of Directors. 20 Our stock price could remain volatile. The price of our common stock may be highly volatile and could be subject to fluctuations in price in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include: ● quarterly variations in our results of operations or those of our competitors; ● announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, new products, significant contracts, commercial relationships or capital commitments; ● disruption to our operations or those of other sources critical to our operations; ● the emergence of new competitors; ● our ability to develop and market new and enhanced products on a timely basis; ● seasonal or other variations; ● commencement of, or our involvement in, litigation; ● dilutive issuances of our stock or the stock of our subsidiaries, or the incurrence of additional debt; ● changes in our board or management; ● adoption of new or different accounting standards; ● changes in governmental regulations or in the status of our regulatory approvals; ● changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities analysts; and ● general economic conditions and slow or negative growth of related markets. The interests of shareholders may be hurt because we can issue Shares of our common stock to individuals or entities that support existing management with such issuances serving to enhance management’s ability to maintain control of our company. Our board of directors has authority, without action or vote of the shareholders, to issue all or part of the authorized but unissued common shares. Such issuances may be issued to parties or entities committed to supporting existing management and the interests of existing management which may not be the same as the interests of other shareholders. Our ability to issue shares without shareholder approval serves to enhance existing management’s ability to maintain control of our company. Our articles of incorporation provide for indemnification of officers and directors at our expense and limit their liability that may result in a major cost to us and hurt the interests of our shareholders because corporate resources may be expended for the benefit of officers or directors. Our Articles of Incorporation at Article IX provide for indemnification as follows: “To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of, and advancement of expenses to, such agents of the Corporation (and any other persons to which Delaware law permits the Corporation to provide indemnification) through Bylaw provisions, agreements with such agents or other persons, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, in excess of the indemnification and advancement otherwise permitted by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, subject only to limits created by applicable Delaware law (statutory or non-statutory), with respect to actions for breach of duty to the Corporation, its stockholders and others.” We have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, indemnification for liabilities arising under federal securities laws is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification for liabilities arising under federal securities laws, other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding, is asserted by a director, officer or controlling person in connection with our activities, we will (unless in the opinion of our counsel, the matter has been settled by controlling precedent) submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction, the question whether indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. The legal process relating to this matter if it were to occur is likely to be very costly and may result in us receiving negative publicity, either of which factors is likely to materially reduce the market and price for our shares, if such a market ever develops. 21 Currently, we are followed by few analysts. For the foreseeable future, our common stock is unlikely to be followed by any market analysts, and there may be few institutions acting as market makers for our common stock. Either of these factors could adversely affect the liquidity and trading price of our common stock. Until our common stock is fully distributed and an orderly market develops in our common stock, if ever, the price at which it trades is likely to fluctuate significantly. Prices for our common stock are determined in the marketplace and may be influenced by many factors, including the depth and liquidity of the market for shares of our common stock, developments affecting our business, including the impact of the factors referred to elsewhere in these Risk Factors, investor perception of us and general economic and market conditions. No assurances can be given that an orderly or liquid market will ever develop for the Shares of our common stock. Because of the anticipated low price of the securities being registered, many brokerage firms may not be willing to effect transactions in these securities. Purchasers of our securities should be aware that any market that develops in our stock will be subject to the penny stock restrictions. See “Plan of Distribution.” Any market that develops in shares of our common stock will be subject to the penny stock regulations and restrictions pertaining to low priced stocks that will create a lack of liquidity and make trading difficult or impossible. The trading of our securities, if any, will be in the over-the-counter bulletin board market which is commonly referred to as the “OTCBB” as maintained by FINRA. As a result, an investor may find it difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations as to the price of, our securities. Rule 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act establishes the definition of a “penny stock,” for purposes relevant to us, as any equity security that has a minimum bid price of less than $5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to a limited number of exceptions which are not available to us. It is likely that our shares will be considered to be penny stocks for the immediately foreseeable future. This classification severely and adversely affects any market liquidity for our common stock. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the penny stock rules require that a broker or dealer approve a person’s account for transactions in penny stocks and the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. In order to approve a person’s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must obtain financial information and investment experience and objectives of the person and make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and that that person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form, sets forth: ● the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination; and ● that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. Disclosure also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stock in both public offerings and in secondary trading and commissions’ payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Additionally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. 22 Because of these regulations, broker-dealers may not wish to engage in the above-referenced necessary paperwork and disclosures or may encounter difficulties in their attempt to sell shares of our common stock, which may affect the ability of selling shareholders or other holders to sell their shares in any secondary market and have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in any secondary market. These additional sales practice and disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our securities, if and when our securities become publicly traded. In addition, the liquidity for our securities may decrease, with a corresponding decrease in the price of our securities. Our shares, in all probability, will be subject to such penny stock rules for the foreseeable future and our shareholders will, in all likelihood, find it difficult to sell their securities. The market for penny stocks has experienced numerous frauds and abuses that could adversely impact investors in our stock. Company management believes that the market for penny stocks has suffered from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include: ● Control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; ● Manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; ● “Boiler room” practices involving high pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by sales persons; ● Excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and ● Wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along with the inevitable collapse of those prices with consequent investor losses. We do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock. We do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock at any time in the foreseeable future. The future payment of dividends directly depends upon our future earnings, capital requirements, financial requirements and other factors that our board of directors will consider. Since we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock, return on your investment, if any, will depend solely on an increase, if any, in the market value of our common stock. Because we are not subject to compliance rules requiring the adoption of certain corporate governance measures, our stockholders have limited protection against interested director transactions, conflicts of interest and similar matters. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as rule changes proposed and enacted by the SEC, the New York and American Stock Exchanges and the NASDAQ Stock Market, as a result of Sarbanes-Oxley, require the implementation of various measures relating to corporate governance. These measures are designed to enhance the integrity of corporate management and the securities markets and apply to securities that are listed on those exchanges or the NASDAQ Stock Market. Because we are not presently required to comply with many of the corporate governance provisions and because we chose to avoid incurring the substantial additional costs associated with such compliance any sooner than legally required, we have not yet adopted these measures. Two out of four of our directors are independent directors, and those independent directors serve on the independent audit or compensation committees. We intend to comply with all additional corporate governance measures relating to director independence as and when required. However, we may find it very difficult or be unable to attract and retain qualified officers, directors or members of board committees required to provide for our effective management as a result of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has resulted in a series of rules and regulations by the SEC that increase responsibilities and liabilities of directors and executive officers. The perceived increased personal risk associated with these recent changes may make it more costly or deter qualified individuals from accepting these roles. 23 You may have limited access to information regarding our business because our obligations to file periodic reports with the SEC could be automatically suspended under certain circumstances. As of the effective date of our registration statement of which this Prospectus is a part, we will become subject to certain informational requirements of the Exchange Act, as amended and we will be required to file periodic reports (i.e., annual, quarterly and material events) with the SEC which will be immediately available to the public for inspection and copying. In the event during the year that our registration statement becomes effective, these reporting obligations may be automatically suspended under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act if we have less than 300 shareholders and do not file a registration statement on Form 8-A (of which we have no current plans to file). If this occurs after the year in which our registration statement becomes effective, we will no longer be obligated to file such periodic reports with the SEC and access to our business information would then be even more restricted. After this registration statement on Form S-1 becomes effective, we may be required to deliver periodic reports to security holders as proscribed by the Exchange Act, as amended. However, we will not be required to furnish proxy statements to security holders and our directors, officers and principal beneficial owners will not be required to report their beneficial ownership of securities to the SEC pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act until we have both 500 or more security holders and greater than $10 million in assets. Access to information regarding our business and operations will be limited. For all of the foregoing reasons and others set forth herein, an investment in our securities in any market that may develop in the future involves a high degree of risk. USE OF PROCEEDS We are registering these Shares pursuant to registration rights granted to the Selling Shareholders. We are not selling any securities under this Prospectus and we will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale or other disposition by the Selling Shareholders or their transferees of the Shares of common stock covered hereby. We have agreed to pay all costs, expenses and fees relating to registering the Shares of our common stock referenced in this Prospectus. The Selling Shareholders will pay any brokerage commissions or similar charges incurred in connection with the sale or other disposition by them of the Shares covered hereby. See “Selling Shareholders” and “Plan of Distribution” described below. DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK The following information describes our common stock and preferred stock, as well as certain provisions of our articles of incorporation and bylaws. This description is only a summary. You should also refer to our articles of incorporation and bylaws, which have been filed with the SEC as exhibits to our registration statement, of which this Prospectus forms a part. We also incorporate by reference hereby our most recent 10-K Annual Report for 2018 24 General Our authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock with a $0.00001 par value per share, and 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock with a $0.0001 par value per share. Our board of directors may establish the rights and preferences of the preferred stock from time to time. As of May 3, 2019, there were 33,726,459 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. The following is a summary of the material provisions of the common stock and preferred stock provided for in our articles of incorporation and bylaws. For additional detail about our capital stock, please refer to our articles of incorporation and bylaws. C ommon stock We are authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.00001 par value per share. There are no agreements or outstanding options, warrants or similar rights that entitle their holder to acquire from us any of our equity securities. Holders of shares of common stock are entitled to one vote per share on each matter submitted to a vote of shareholders. In the event of liquidation, holders of common stock are entitled to share pro rata in the distribution of assets remaining after payment of liabilities, if any. Holders of common stock have no cumulative voting rights, and, accordingly, the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares have the ability to elect all of the directors of the Company. Holders of common stock have no preemptive or other rights to subscribe for shares. Holders of common stock are entitled to such dividends as may be declared by the Board out of funds legally available therefore. The outstanding shares of common stock are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. Preferred Stock We are authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.00001 par value per share, all of which 10,000,000 are undesignated and unissued. We had no preferred shares outstanding at December 31, 2018 or as of the date of this filing. Under the terms of our articles of incorporation, our board of directors is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more series without stockholder approval. Our board of directors may designate the powers, designations, preferences, and relative participation, optional or other rights, if any, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, redemption rights, liquidation preference, sinking fund terms and the number of shares constituting any series or the designation or any series. There are currently no shares of preferred stock outstanding. Anti-Takeover Effects Under Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law We are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, with the following exceptions: - before such date, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; - upon completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 percent of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction began, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) those shares owned (i) by persons who are directors and also officers and (ii) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or an exchange offer; or - on or after such date, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at an annual or a special meeting of the stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3percent of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 25 In general, Section 203 defines “business combination” to include the following: - any merger or consolidation involving the corporation or any direct or indirect majority owned subsidiary of the corporation and the interested stockholder or any other corporation, partnership, unincorporated association, or other entity if the merger or consolidation is caused by the interested stockholder and as a result of such merger or consolidation the transaction is not excepted as described above; - any sale, transfer, pledge, or other disposition (in one transaction or a series) of 10% or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested stockholder; - subject to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder; - any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock or any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; or - the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loss, advances, guarantees, pledges, or other financial benefits by or through the corporation. In general, Section 203 defines an “interested stockholder” as an entity or a person who, together with the person’s affiliates and associates, beneficially owns, or within three years prior to the time of determination of interested stockholder status did own, 15 percent or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation. A Delaware corporation may “opt out” of these provisions with an express provision in its original certificate of incorporation or an express provision in its certificate of incorporation or bylaws resulting from a stockholders153 amendment approved by at least a majority of the outstanding voting shares. We have not opted out of these provisions. As a result, mergers or other takeover or change in control attempts of us may be discouraged or prevented. Listing Our common stock is traded on the OTCQB Venture Board under the symbol “TRXD”. Transfer Agent and Registrar The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Action Stock Transfer Corporation, 2469 E. Fort Union Blvd, Suite 214, Salt Lake City, Utah 84121. Its telephone number is (801) 274-1088. 26 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We are registering the Shares of common stock issued to the Selling Shareholders to permit the sale and resale of these shares of common stock by the Selling Shareholders from time to time from after the date of this Prospectus. Each Selling Shareholder may, from time to time, sell any or all of their Shares of common stock covered hereby on the OTC market trading facility on which the Shares are traded or in private transactions. These sales may be at fixed prices, at prevailing market prices at the time of the sale, at varying prices determined at the time of sale, or privately negotiated prices. A Selling Shareholder may use any one or more of the following methods when selling shares: ● ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers; ● block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the shares as agent but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction; ● purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account; ● an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange; ● privately negotiated transactions; ● settlement of short sales, to the extent permitted by law; ● in transactions through broker-dealers that agree with the Selling Shareholders to sell a specified number of such shares at a stipulated price per share; ● through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise; ● a combination of any such methods of sale; or ● any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law. The Selling Shareholders may also sell the shares of common stock under Rule 144 under the Securities Act, if available, rather than under this Prospectus. Broker-dealers engaged by the Selling Shareholders may arrange for other brokers-dealers to participate in sales. Broker-dealers may receive commissions or discounts from the Selling Shareholders (or, if any broker-dealer acts as agent for the purchaser of shares, from the purchaser) in amounts to be negotiated, but, except as set forth in a supplement to this Prospectus, in the case of an agency transaction not in excess of a customary brokerage commission in compliance with FINRA Rule 2440; and in the case of a principal transaction a markup or markdown in compliance with FINRA IM-2440-1. The aggregate proceeds to the Selling Shareholders from the sale of the common stock offered by them will be the purchase price of the common stock less discounts or commissions, if any. Each of the Selling Shareholders reserves the right to accept and, together with their agents from time to time, to reject, in whole or in part, any proposed purchase of common stock to be made directly or through agents. We will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale by the Selling Shareholders of the shares of common stock. In connection with the sale of the Shares of common stock or interests therein, the Selling Shareholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of the shares of common stock in the course of hedging the positions they assume. The Selling Shareholders may also sell the shares of common stock short and deliver these securities to close out their short positions or to return borrowed shares in connection with such short sales, or loan or pledge the shares of common stock to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these securities. The Selling Shareholders may also enter into option or other transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions or create one or more derivative securities which require the delivery to such broker-dealer or other financial institution of shares of common stock offered by this Prospectus, which shares such broker-dealer or other financial institution may resell pursuant to this Prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction). 27 The Selling Shareholders and any broker-dealers or agents that are involved in selling the shares of common stock may be deemed to be “underwriters” within the meaning of the Securities Act in connection with such sales. In such event, any commissions received by such Selling Shareholders, broker-dealers or agents and any profit on the resale of the shares purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts under the Securities Act. Selling Shareholders who are “underwriters” within the meaning of Section 2(11) of the Securities Act will be subject to the Prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act and may be subject to certain statutory liabilities of, including but not limited to, Sections 11, 12 and 17 of the Securities Act and Rule 10b-5 under the Exchange Act. Each Selling Shareholder has informed us that it is not a registered broker-dealer or an affiliate of a registered broker-dealer. In no event shall any broker-dealer receive fees, commissions and markups which, in the aggregate, would exceed eight percent (8%). We are required to pay certain fees and expenses incurred by us incident to the registration of the shares. We have agreed to indemnify the Selling Shareholders against certain losses, claims, damages and liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, and the Selling Shareholders may be entitled to contribution. We may be indemnified by the Selling Shareholders against certain losses, claims, damages and liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act that may arise from any written information furnished to us by the Selling Shareholders specifically for use in this Prospectus, or we may be entitled to contribution. The Selling Shareholders will be subject to the Prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act including Rule 172 thereunder unless an exemption therefrom is available. Under applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act, any person engaged in the distribution of the shares of common stock may not simultaneously engage in market making activities with respect to the shares of common stock for the applicable restricted period, as defined in Regulation M, prior to the commencement of the distribution. In addition, the Selling Shareholders will be subject to applicable provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, including Regulation M, which may limit the timing of purchases and sales of shares of common stock by the Selling Shareholders or any other person. We will make copies of this Prospectus available to the Selling Shareholders and have informed them of the need to deliver a copy of this Prospectus at or prior to the time of the sale (including by compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act). To the extent required, the shares of our common stock to be sold, the names of the Selling Shareholders, the respective purchase prices and public offering prices, the names of any agents, dealer or underwriter, any applicable commissions or discounts with respect to a particular offer will be set forth in an accompanying Prospectus supplement or, if appropriate, a post-effective amendment to the registration statement that includes this Prospectus. There can be no assurance that any Selling Shareholder will sell any or all of the Shares of common stock we registered on behalf of the Selling Shareholders pursuant to the registration statement of which this Prospectus forms a part. Once sold under the registration statement of which this Prospectus forms a part, the Shares of common stock will be freely tradable in the hands of persons other than our affiliates. 28 SELLING SHAREHOLDERS This Prospectus covers the resale from time to time by the selling shareholders identified in the table below of up to 31,949,712 shares of common stock through this Prospectus consisting of (a) 30,209,080 shares held by the selling shareholders named in this Prospectus as part of the equity transactions completed in years prior to December 31, 2016 with a stated value of approximately $7,261,000; (b) 1,300,000 shares held by the selling shareholders named in this Prospectus, which were issued pursuant to a private placement offering completed during the year ended December 31, 2018 for $800,000 in cash; (c) 423,966 shares issued upon the conversion of a promissory note payable during the month ended February 28, 2019 for a total principal and interest value of $211,983; and (d) 16,666 shares issued upon the conversion of warrants for $166 in cash during the month ending February 28, 2019. We are registering the shares to permit the selling shareholders and any of their pledgees, donees, transferees, assignees and successors-in-interest to, from time to time, sell any or all of the shares through public or private transactions at prevailing market prices, at prices related to prevailing market prices or at privately negotiated prices of common stock on any stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the shares are traded or in private transactions when and as they deem appropriate in the manner described in “ Plan of Distribution .” As of the date of this Prospectus, there are 33,726,459 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. The following table sets forth, as of the date of this Prospectus, the name of each selling shareholder, the number and percentage of shares of our common stock beneficially owned by each selling shareholder prior to the offering for resale of the shares under this Prospectus, the number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned by each selling shareholder that may be offered from time to time under this Prospectus, and the number and percentage of shares of our common stock beneficially owned by the selling shareholder after the offering of the shares (assuming all of the offered shares are sold by the selling shareholder. There are no agreements between the Company and any selling shareholder pursuant to which the shares subject to this registration statement were issued. None of the selling shareholders has ever been an executive officer or director of the Company or has had a material relationship with us at any time within the past three years unless disclosed below and elsewhere in this Prospectus. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC, and includes any shares of common stock as to which a person has sole or shared voting power or investment power and any shares of common stock which the person has the right to acquire within sixty (60) days through the exercise of any option, warrant or right, through conversion of any security or pursuant to the automatic termination of a power of attorney or revocation of a trust, discretionary account or similar arrangement. 29 Name of Selling Shareholder Total Shares Owned by Selling Shareholder Total Shares to be Registered Pursuant to this Offering Percentage of Common Stock Before Offering Number of Shares Owned by Selling Shareholder After Offering Surendra Ajjarapu (1) 7,143,750 7,143,750 21.18 % 7,143,750 Sandhya Ajjarapu (1) 4,050,000 4,050,000 12.01 % 4,050,000 Sandhya Ajjarapu Revocable Trust 2007 (1) 1,275,000 1,275,000 3.78 % 1,275,000 Surendra Ajjarapu Revocable Trust 2007 (1) 1,275,000 1,275,000 3.78 % 1,275,000 Aware Investment Ltd 500,000 500,000 1.48 % - Rakesh Bhargava 10,000 10,000 * - Ankush Bikkasani Trust 150,000 150,000 * - Tej Bikkasani Trust 150,000 150,000 * - Derek Bodart 5,000 5,000 * - Thomas Breiter 10,000 10,000 * - Jayadeva Chowdappa 100,000 100,000 * - Mehul Desai 10,000 10,000 * - Sanjiv Desai 50,000 50,000 * - Nuview IRA Inc. F/b/o Donald Almeida IRA 166,667 166,667 * - Barrett Fell 10,000 10,000 * - Gibraltar Global Securities Inc. 3,200 3,200 * - Annapurna Gundlapalli (2) 16,600 16,600 * - Lara Hendrix 10,000 10,000 * - J. Stephen Ivey 50,000 50,000 * - Smita S Jaswa 5,000 5,000 * - Blair Krueger 50,000 50,000 * - Steven D Lee 290,000 290,000 * - Gail Lynch 5,000 5,000 * - Gajan Mahendiran 166,667 166,667 * - Sanjay Navadia 50,000 50,000 * - Aadil Nathoo 141,322 141,322 * - Alan Oak 20,000 20,000 * - Sandesh Pandhare 1,500,000 1,500,000 4.45 % 1,500,000 Prashant Patel (3) 7,350,000 7,350,000 21.79 % 7,350,000 Rina Patel (3) 2,500,000 2,500,000 7.41 % 2,500,000 Dilip Patel 17,780 17,780 * - Alka Patel 7,500 7,500 * - Suresh K Patel 10,000 10,000 * - Nitesh Patel 10,000 10,000 * - Shilpa Patel 10,000 10,000 * - Mukesh Kumar Patel 50,000 50,000 * - Pritesh Patel 100,000 100,000 * - Punil Patel 25,000 25,000 * - Rajiv Patel 50,000 50,000 * - Rakesh Patel 50,000 50,000 * - Umesh Patel 25,000 25,000 * - Snehal Patel 182,988 182,988 * - Amit Patel 192,988 192,988 * - Patel Trust 2010 (3) 2,400,000 2,400,000 7.12 % 2,400,000 Aditi Patidat Living Trust U/A 06/17/08 100,000 100,000 * - Mohan Paul 10,000 10,000 * - Ranit LLC 1,000,000 1,000,000 2.97 % 1,000,000 Lily Roda 250 250 * - Siddharth Shah 75,000 75,000 * - Manish Shah 100,000 100,000 * - Manish Shah 25,000 25,000 * - Sydney Shaw 10,000 10,000 * - Gerald Slavin 30,000 30,000 * - Eugene Smiley 100,000 100,000 * - Thomas A Tollette 20,000 20,000 * - TPT Investments LLC 125,000 125,000 * - Trinity Medical Pharmacy LLC 50,000 50,000 * - Kesav Vadrevu (4) 45,000 45,000 * - Kiran Vadrevu (5) 20,000 20,000 * - Divyasri Voleti 45,000 45,000 * - *Less than 1%. (1) Mr. Surendra Ajjarapu (also know as Suren Ajjarapu) is the Company’s Chairman of the Board of Directors and our Chief Executive Officer and is considered an affiliate subject to the resale limitations under Rule 144. The following (i) 7,143,750 shares are owned directly by Mr. Ajjarapu, (ii) 4,050,000 shares are owned by Sandhya Ajjarapu, Mr. Ajjarapu’s wife, for whom Mr. Ajjarapu claims beneficial ownership, (iii) 1,275,000 shares are owned by the Surendra Ajjarapu Revocable Trust of 2007, for whom Mr. Ajjarapu claims beneficial ownership as Trustee, and (iv) 1,275,000 shares are owned by the Sandhya Ajjarapu Revocable Trust of 2007, for whom Mr. Ajjarapu claims beneficial ownership as Trustee. (2) Mrs. Annapurna Gundlapalli is the mother-in-law of Surendra Ajjarapu. Mr. Ajjarapu disclaims any beneficial ownership of Ms. Gundlapalli’s Shares (3) Mr. Prashant Patel is a member of the Company’s Board of Directors and acts our Chief Operating Officer and is considered an affiliate subject to the resale limitations under Rule 144. The following (i) 7,350,000 shares are owned directly by Mr. Patel, (ii) 2,500,000 shares are owned by Rina Patel, Mr. Patel’s wife for whom Mr. Patel claims beneficial ownership, and (iii) 2,400,000 shares are owned by the Patel Trust, for whom Mr. Patel claims beneficial ownership as Trustee. (4) Mr. Vadrevu is the brother of Sandhya Ajjarapu, wife of Surendra Ajjarapu. Mr. Ajjarapu disclaims any beneficial ownership of Ms. Gundlapalli’s Shares (5) Mrs. Vedrevu is the sister-in-law of Sandhya Ajjarapu, wife of Surendra Ajjarapu. Mr. Ajjarapu disclaims any beneficial ownership of Ms. Gundlapalli’s Shares 30 CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our securities as of May 1, 2019 by (i) each of our named executive officers and directors; (ii) each person known to us who owns beneficially more than 5% of any class of our outstanding equity securities; and (iii) all of our executive officers and directors as a group. The number of shares and the percentage of shares beneficially owned by each such person or group, as set forth below, include shares of common stock that such person or group had the right to acquire on or within sixty days after April 29, 2019 pursuant to the exercise of vested and exercisable options or warrants. References to options or warrants in the footnotes to the table below include only options or warrants to purchase shares that were exercisable on or within sixty days after April 29, 2019. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Shares Beneficially Owned (2) Percentage (3) Directors and Named Executive Officers: Suren Ajjarapu, Chairman, CEO (4) 13,743,750 40.75 % Prashant Patel, Director, COO, and President (5) 12,250,000 36.32 % Donald G Fell, Director (6) 200,048 * Howard Doss, CFO (7) 315,281 * Michael L Peterson, Director (9) 148,798 * Gajan Mahendiran (8) 2,760,002 8.18 % All executive officers and directors as a Group (five persons) 29,417,879 87.22 % Greater than 5% Stockholders * Less than one 1% (1) Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the following table, the address of each person named in the table is: c/o Trxade Group, Inc., 3840 Land O’ Lakes Blvd, Land O’ Lakes, Florida, 34639. (2) Based on 33,726,459 shares of common stock outstanding on April 29, 2019. Does not include shares issuable upon exercise of (i) 1,732,846 stock options currently outstanding, (ii) warrants to purchase 2,863,475 shares of common stock, (iii) 267,154 shares which are reserved for the Company’s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, none of which shares are issuable within 60 days of the date set forth above. (3) Except as otherwise indicated, we believe that the beneficial owner of the common stock listed above, based on information furnished by such owners, have sole investment and voting power with respect to such shares, subject to community property laws where applicable. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. (4) Includes (i) 7,143,750 shares owned directly by Mr. Ajjarapu, (ii) 4,050,000 shares owned by Sandhya Ajjarapu, Mr. Ajjarapu’s wife, for whom Mr. Ajjarapu claims beneficial ownership, (iii) 1,275,000 shares owned by the Surendra Ajjarapu Revocable Trust of 2007, for whom Mr. Ajjarapu claims beneficial ownership as Trustee, and (iv) 1,275,000 shares owned by the Sandhya Ajjarapu Revocable Trust of 2007, for whom Mr. Ajjarapu claims beneficial ownership as Trustee. (5) Includes (i) 7,350,000 shares owned directly by Mr. Patel, (ii) 2,500,000 shares owned by Rina Patel, Mr. Patel’s wife for whom Mr. Patel claims beneficial ownership, and (iii) 2,400,000 shares owned by the Patel Trust, for whom Mr. Patel claims beneficial ownership as Trustee. (6) Includes 200,048 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options that are exercisable within 60 days of the applicable date above. (7) Includes 315,281 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options that are exercisable within 60 days of the applicable date above. (8) Includes 833,334 shares of common stock of the Company and warrants to purchase 1,926,668 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.01 per share that are exercisable within 60 days of the applicable date above, and which are held jointly with Mr. Mahendiran’ s wife, Amudha Mahendiran, as tenants by entirety. (9) Includes 148,798 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options that are exercisable within 60 days of the applicable date above. There are no current arrangements among any of the foregoing persons which would result in a change in control. 31 DIVIDEND POLICY We have never paid or declared any cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings for use in the operation of our business and for general corporate purposes. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investments. PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION There is no actively traded public market for our common stock. Although our common shares are quoted for sale on the OTCQB, our common stock is mostly held by just a few shareholders. Therefore, the current and potential market for our common stock is limited and the liquidity of our shares may be severely limited. While we successfully identified and engaged a market maker to file an application with FINRA on our behalf, hence we are able to quote our shares of common stock on the OTCQB maintained by OTC Markets, Inc. and administered by FINRA. We cannot provide any assurance that a meaningful trading market will ever develop or that our common stock will ever be quoted or listed for trading on any market above the OTC. The trading price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. As a result, investors may be unable to sell their shares at or greater than the price at which they are being offered. No officers or directors of the Company may purchase any securities in this Offering. There can be no assurance that all, or any, of the Shares will be sold. As of this date, we have not entered into any agreements or arrangements for the sale of the shares with any broker-dealer or sales agent. However, if we were to enter into such arrangements, we will file a post-effective amendment to disclose those arrangements because any broker-dealer participating in this Offering would be acting as an underwriter and would have to be so named herein. In order to comply with the applicable securities laws of certain states, the securities may not be offered or sold unless they have been registered or qualified for sale in such states or an exemption from such registration or qualification requirement is available and with which we have complied. The purchasers in this Offering and in any subsequent trading market must be residents of such states where the shares have been registered or qualified for sale or an exemption from such registration or qualification requirement is available. As of this date, we have not identified the specific states where this Offering will be sold. Any purchaser of our securities should be aware that any market that develops in our common stock will be subject to “penny stock” restrictions. We will pay all expenses incident to the registration, offering and sale of the Shares other than commissions or discounts of underwriters, broker-dealers or agents, if any. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and control persons, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. The trading of our securities occurs in the over-the-counter markets which are commonly referred to as the OTCQB as maintained by OTC Markets, Inc. and administered by FINRA (if and when quoting thereon has occurred). As a result, a purchaser of our securities may find it difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations as to the price of, our securities. Statement only OTCBB is maintained by FINRA. Not really used these days. OTCQB is owned by OTC Markets, Inc. UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS The following is a summary of the material U.S. federal income tax considerations relating to the purchase, ownership and disposition of the shares of the common stock purchased by the investor pursuant to this Offering. We have based this summary upon the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), Treasury regulations promulgated under the Code, as amended (the “Treasury Regulations”), administrative rulings and pronouncements and judicial decisions, in each case as of the date hereof. These authorities are subject to differing interpretations and are subject to change, perhaps retroactively, resulting in U.S. federal income tax consequences different from those discussed below. We have not sought any ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) with respect to the statements made and the conclusions reached in the following summary, and there can be no assurance that the IRS will agree with such statements and conclusions or that a court will not sustain any challenge by the IRS in the event of litigation. 32 This summary assumes that a beneficial owner will hold the shares of the common stock, as the case may be, as capital assets within the meaning of section 1221 of the Code. This summary does not address the tax consequences arising under the laws of any state or local jurisdiction or non-U.S. jurisdiction or any other U.S. federal tax consequences, such as estate and gift tax consequences. In addition, this summary does not address all tax considerations that might be applicable to your particular circumstances (such as the alternative minimum tax provisions of the Code), or to certain types of holders subject to special tax rules, including, without limitation, partnerships, banks, financial institutions or other “financial services” entities, broker-dealers, insurance companies, tax-exempt organizations, regulated investment companies, real estate investment trusts, retirement plans, individual retirement accounts or other tax-deferred accounts, persons who use or are required to use mark-to-market accounting for federal income tax purposes, persons that hold shares of the common stock as part of a “straddle”, a “hedge”, a “conversion transaction” or other arrangement involving more than one position, U.S. holders (as defined below) that have a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar and certain former citizens or permanent residents of the United States. If a partnership holds the shares of the common stock, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. If you are a partner of a partnership holding the shares of the common stock, you should consult your tax advisor. If you are considering the purchase of the shares of the common stock, you should consult your own tax advisor concerning the U.S. federal income tax consequences to you in light of your particular facts and circumstances and any consequences arising under the laws of any state, local, foreign or other taxing jurisdiction. As used in this discussion, a “U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of the shares of the common stock that is not a partnership or entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and is: - an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; - a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; - an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or - a trust (i) if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over its administration and one or more U.S. persons have authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (ii) that has a valid election in effect under applicable Treasury Regulations to be treated as a U.S. person. As used in this discussion, a “Non-U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of Shares of the common stock that is neither a U.S. Holder nor a partnership or other entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Special rules may apply to Non-U.S. Holders that are subject to special treatment under the Code, including controlled foreign corporations, passive foreign investment companies, U.S. expatriates, and foreign persons eligible for benefits under an applicable income tax treaty with the United States. Such Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors to determine U.S. federal, state, local and other tax consequences that may be relevant to them. THIS DISCUSSION IS ONLY A SUMMARY OF CERTAIN MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX OF THE ACQUISITION, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF THE COMMON STOCK. IT IS NOT TAX ADVICE. EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IS URGED TO CONSULT ITS TAX ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES TO SUCH INVESTOR, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF ANY LOCAL, AND NON-U.S. TAX LAWS, AS WELL AS U.S. FEDERAL TAX LAWS, AND ANY APPLICABLE TAX TREATIES. Distributions made to U.S. Holders out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes, will be included in the income of a U.S. Holder as dividend income and will be subject to tax as ordinary income. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits will not be taxable to a U.S. Holder to the extent that the distributions do not exceed the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the stock to which such distribution relates, but rather will reduce the adjusted tax basis of such shares. To the extent that distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits exceed the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the shares of stock to which the distribution relates, such distributions will generally be treated as the sale or exchange of such stock, resulting in capital gain. In addition, a corporate U.S. Holder will not be entitled to the dividends-received deduction on this portion of a distribution. Any distribution not constituting a dividend will be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a tax-free return of capital to the extent of the Non-U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in its shares of our common stock (with a corresponding reduction to such basis), and, to the extent such distribution exceeds the Non-U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis, as gain from the sale or other disposition of the common stock. Generally, any distribution to a Non-U.S. Holder that is a dividend for U.S. federal income tax purposes and that is not effectively connected with the Non-U.S. Holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the Unites States, as described below, will be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax at a rate of 30% percent of the gross amount of the dividend, unless such Non-U.S. Holder is eligible for a reduced rate of withholding tax under an applicable income tax treaty and provides proper certification of its eligibility for such reduced rate. 33 We will notify all of our U.S. and non-U.S. holders of our shares after the close of each taxable year as to the portions of the distributions attributable to that year that constitute ordinary income, qualified dividend income and non-dividend distributions, if any. Each investor should consult the investor’s individual or corporate tax advisor. LEGAL MATTERS The validity of our common stock offering hereby will be passed upon by Krueger LLP, La Jolla and Los Angeles, California. EXPERTS The audited consolidated financial statements of Trxade Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, and for the years then ended, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, incorporated in this Prospectus have been audited by MaloneBailey LLP, Houston, Texas, independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report date dated March 22, 2019 which is incorporated herein, and has been so incorporated in reliance upon the report of such firm given upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE The SEC’s rules allow us to “incorporate by reference” into this Prospectus certain information that we file with the SEC. This means that we can include in this Prospectus information by referring you to another document already on file with the SEC that contains that information. Any information incorporated by reference into this Prospectus is considered to be part of this Prospectus. We incorporate by reference the following documents filed with the SEC: - Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, as filed by us with the SEC on March 22, 2019; and - Our Current Report on Form 8-K as filed by us with the SEC on January 22, 2019; Notwithstanding the foregoing, we are not incorporating by reference any information furnished and not filed with the SEC, unless, and to the extent, expressly specified otherwise. Any statement contained in a document incorporated in this Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded to the extent that a statement contained in this Prospectus modifies or supersedes such statement. Any such statement so modified or superseded shall only be deemed to be a part of this Prospectus as so modified or superseded. UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The information for the three-month period ended March 31, 2019, which will be filed in May 2019, is unaudited; however, it includes all adjustments considered necessary by management for a fair presentation of our financial condition and results of operations. WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION We will provide without charge to each person, including any beneficial owner, to whom this Prospectus is delivered, upon his or her written or oral request, a copy of any or all of the reports or documents referred to above that have been incorporated by reference into this Prospectus, excluding exhibits to those documents unless they are specifically incorporated by reference into those documents. You may request a copy of these filings, at no cost, by contacting us at our address at 3840 Land O’ Lakes Blvd, Land O’Lakes, Florida, 34639 or by email at info@trxade.com . We do not incorporate the information on our website into this Prospectus or any supplement to this Prospectus and you should not consider any information on, or that can be accessed through, our website as part of this Prospectus or any supplement to this Prospectus (other than those filings with the SEC that we specifically incorporate by reference into this Prospectus or any supplement to this Prospectus). 34 31,949,712 SHARES OF COMMON STOCK TRXADE GROUP INC. PROSPECTUS May 3, 2019 Neither we nor the selling shareholders have authorized any dealer, salesperson or other person to give any information or to make any representations not contained in this Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement. You must not rely on any unauthorized information. This Prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities in any jurisdiction where an offer or sale is not permitted. The information in this Prospectus is current as of the date of this Prospectus. You should not assume that this Prospectus is accurate as of any other date. 35 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Trxade Group, Inc. 3840 Land O’ Lakes Boulevard Land O’ Lakes, Florida 95662 Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Trxade Group, Inc., and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Company”) as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders’ equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ MaloneBailey, LLP www.malonebailey.com We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2013. Houston, Texas March 22, 2019 36 Trxade Group, Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2018 and 2017 December 31, 2018 December 31, 2017 Assets Current Assets Cash $ 869,557 $ 183,914 Accounts Receivable, net 433,627 319,467 Inventory 79,966 - Prepaid Assets 82,927 102,095 Other Assets - 2,000 Total Current Assets 1,466,077 607,476 Property Plant and Equipment, Net 15,006 - Other Assets Deposits 20,531 10,000 Goodwill 725,973 - Total Assets $ 2,227,587 $ 617,476 Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity (Deficit) Current Liabilities Accounts Payable $ 400,544 $ 106,084 Accrued Liabilities 138,323 156,961 Short Term Notes Payable net of $0 and $152 discount - 10,587 Short Term Convertible Notes Payable 181,500 - Short term Convertible Notes Payable – Related Parties 140,000 251,725 Total Current Liabilities 860,367 525,357 Long Term Liabilities Convertible Notes Payable - 181,500 Notes Payable – Related Parties 522,552 222,552 Total Liabilities 1,382,919 929,409 Shareholders’ Equity (Deficit) Series A Preferred Stock, $0.00001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017, respectively - - Common Stock, $0.00001 par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized; 33,285,827 and 31,985,827 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively 332 320 Additional Paid-in Capital 8,955,411 7,807,860 Retained Deficit (8,111,075 ) (8,120,113 ) Total Shareholders’ Equity (Deficit) 844,668 (311,933 ) Total Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity (Deficit) $ 2,227,587 $ 617,476 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 37 Trxade Group, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Operations Years Ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 2018 2017 Revenues, net $ 3,831,778 $ 2,931,280 Cost of Sales 449,049 - Gross Profit 3,382,729 2,931,280 Operating Expenses General and Administrative 3,470,345 2,536,185 Operating Income (Loss) (87,616 ) 395,095 Other Income 161,639 67,500 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt (7,444 ) (16,556 ) Interest Expense (57,541 ) (157,056 ) Net Income $ 9,038 $ 288,983 Net Income per Common Share – Basic: $ 0.00 $ 0.01 Net Income per Common Share – Diluted: $ 0.00 $ 0.01 Weighted average Common Shares Outstanding Basic 32,260,622 31,955,416 Weighted average Common Shares Outstanding Diluted 34,958,502 34,086,251 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 38 Trxade Group, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity (Deficit) Years Ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in- Accumulated Total Shareholders’ Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit (Deficit) Balance at December 31, 2016 - $ - 31,660,827 $ 316 $ 7,260,723 $ (8,409,096 ) $ (1,148,057 ) Common Stock Issued for Cash - - 250,000 3 249,997 - 250,000 Common Stock Issued for Services - - 50,000 1 12,499 - 12,500 Warrants Issued for debt Amendment - - - - 16,556 - 16,556 Warrants Exercised - - 25,000 - 250 - 250 Options Expense - - - - 267,835 - 267,835 Net Income - - - - - 288,983 288,983 December 31, 2017 - $ - 31,985,827 $ 320 $ 7,807,860 $ (8,120,113 ) $ (311,933 ) Common Stock Issued for Cash - - 1,300,000 12 799,988 - 800,000 Warrants Issued for debt Amendment - - - - 7,444 - 7,444 Warrants for Acquisition of Community Specialty Pharmacy, LLC - - - - 170,291 - 170,291 Options Expense - - - - 169,828 - 169,828 Net Income - - - - - 9,038 9,038 December 31, 2018 - $ - 33,285,827 $ 332 $ 8,955,411 $ (8,111,075 ) $ 844,668 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 39 Trxade Group, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 2018 2017 Operating Activities: Net Income $ 9,038 $ 288,983 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Stock Issued for Services - 12,500 Options expense 169,828 267,835 Bad Debt Expense 2,271 - Loss on debt extinguishment 7,444 16,556 Amortization of Debt Discount 152 88,647 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts Receivable (1,532 ) (20,354 ) Prepaid Assets and Other Assets 13,637 (90,763 ) Inventory (3,810 ) - Accounts Payable 95,149 (98,213 ) Accrued Liabilities and Other Liabilities (18,791 ) (293,521 ) Net Cash provided by operating activities 273,386 171,670 Investing Activities: Purchase of Fixed Assets (15,006 ) - Cash paid for acquisition of Community Specialty Pharmacy, LLC, net of cash received (250,273 ) - Net Cash Used in Investing Activities (265,279 ) - Financing Activities: Repayments of Promissory Note – Third Parties (10,739 ) (432,685 ) Repayments of Short Term Debt – Related Parties (111,725 ) - Proceeds from Convertible Note – Related Parties - 180,000 Proceeds from exercise of Warrants - 250 Proceeds from Issuance of Common Stock 800,000 250,000 Net Cash provided by financing activities 6 77,536 (2,435 ) Net increase in Cash 685,643 169,235 Cash at Beginning of the Year 183,914 14,679 Cash at End of the Year $ 869,557 $ 183,914 Supplemental Cash Flow Information Cash Paid for Interest $ 36,970 $ 71,210 Cash Paid for Income Taxes $ - $ - Non-Cash Transactions Related party note payable and warrants issued for acquisition of Community Specialty Pharmacy, LLC $ 470,921 $ - Reclass from accrued interest to short term convertible notes $ - $ 16,500 Arrangement to move related party Accounts Payable to Notes Payable $ - $ 32,552 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 40 Trxade Group, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements For the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 NOTE 1 – ORGANIZATION Trxade Group, Inc. (“we”, “our”, “Trxade”, the “Company”) owns 100% of Trxade, Inc., Integra Pharma Solutions, LLC, Community Specialty Pharmacy, LLC and Alliance Pharma Solutions, LLC. The merger of Trxade, Inc. and Trxade Group, Inc. occurred in May 2013. Community Specialty Pharmacy was acquired October 2018. Trxade, Inc. operates a web-based market platform that enables commerce among healthcare buyers and sellers of pharmaceuticals, accessories and services. Integra Pharma Solutions, LLC is a licensed pharmaceutical wholesaler and sells brand, generic and non-drug products. Community Specialty Pharmacy, LLC is an accredited independent retail pharmacy with a focus on specialty medications. The company operates with innovative pharmacy model which offers home delivery services to any patient thereby providing convenience. Alliance Pharma Solutions, LLC has developed same day Pharma delivery software – Delivmeds.com and invested in SyncHealth MSO, LLC a managed services organization in January 2019. (See Note 13). NOTE 2 – SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”). The summary of significant accounting policies presented below is designed to assist in understanding the Company’s financial statements. Such financial statements and accompanying notes are the representations of the Company’s management, who are responsible for their integrity and objectivity. These accounting policies conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) in all material respects, and have been consistently applied in preparing the accompanying financial statements. Basis of Presentation – Historically, operations have been funded primarily through the sale of equity or debt securities and operating activities. In 2018, the Company renewed outstanding debt (See Note 3 and 4), raised capital (See Note 5) and had positive operating cash flow from operations. The Company has the ability to maintain the current level of spending or reduce expenditures to maintain operations if funding is not available. Use of Estimates – In preparing these financial statements, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that effect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Reclassification – Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. Principle of Consolidation – The Company’s consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Trxade Group, Inc., Trxade, Inc., Integra Pharma Solutions, Inc., Alliance Pharma Solutions, LLC and Community Specialty Pharmacy, LLC. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. Cash and Cash Equivalents – Cash in bank accounts are at risk to the extent that they exceed U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insured amounts. All investments purchased with a maturity of three months or less are cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are available on demand and are generally within of FDIC insurance limits for 2018. Accounts Receivable – The Company’s receivables are from customers and are collected within 90 days. The Company determines the allowance based on known troubled accounts, historical experience, and other currently available evidence. During the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, $2,271 of bad debt expense and $0 of recovery of bad debt was recognized, respectively. 41 Inventory – Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined on a weighted average basis. On a quarterly basis, we analyze our inventory levels and no reserve is maintained as obsolete or expired inventories are written off. There is no reserve for inventory obsolescence during the periods presented. Beneficial Conversion Features – The intrinsic value of a beneficial conversion feature inherent to a convertible note payable, which is not bifurcated and accounted for separately from the convertible note payable and may not be settled in cash upon conversion, is treated as a discount to the convertible note payable. This discount is amortized over the period from the date of issuance to the date the note is due using the effective interest method. If the note payable is retired prior to the end of its contractual term, the unamortized discount is expensed in the period of retirement to interest expense. In general, the beneficial conversion feature is measured by comparing the effective conversion price, after considering the relative value of detachable instruments included in the financing transaction, if any, to the fair value of the common shares at the commitment date to be received upon conversion. Derivative financial instruments – The Company evaluates its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the statements of operations. For stock-based derivative financial instruments, the Company uses a Black-Scholes option pricing model, assuming maximum value, in accordance with ASC 815-15 “Derivative and Hedging” to value the derivative instruments at inception and on subsequent valuation dates. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Derivative instrument liabilities are classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. Fair Value of Financial Instruments – The Company measures its financial assets and liabilities in accordance with the requirements of FASB ASC 820, “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures”. ASC 820 clarifies the definition of fair value, prescribes methods for measuring fair value, and establishes a fair value hierarchy to classify the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: Level 1 – Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Active markets are those in which transactions for the asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. Level 1 primarily consists of financial instruments such as exchange-traded derivatives, marketable securities and listed equities. Level 2 – Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets included in level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reported date and includes those financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies. These models are primarily industry-standard models that consider various assumptions, including quoted forward prices for commodities, time value, volatility factors, and current market and contractual prices for the underlying instruments, as well as other relevant economic measures. Substantially all of these assumptions are observable in the marketplace throughout the full term of the instrument, can be derived from observable data or are supported by observable levels at which transactions are executed in the marketplace. Instruments in this category generally include non-exchange-traded derivatives such as commodity swaps, interest rate swaps, options and collars. Level 3 – Pricing inputs include significant inputs that are generally less observable from objective sources. These inputs may be used with internally developed methodologies that result in management’s best estimate of fair value. The Company does not have any assets or liabilities that are required to be measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. The carrying amounts of cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued liabilities and short-term debt approximate fair value because of the short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying amount of long-term debt approximates fair value because the debt is based on current rates at which the Company could borrow funds with similar maturities. Goodwill – The Company accounts for goodwill and intangible assets in accordance with ASC 350 “Intangibles Goodwill and Other”. ASC 350 requires that goodwill and other intangibles with indefinite lives be tested for impairment annually or on an interim basis if events or circumstances indicate that the fair value of an asset has decreased below its carrying value. The Company performed impairment analysis using the qualitative analysis under ASC 350-20 and noted no impairment issues for 2018. Revenue Recognition – In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (Topic 606) “Revenue from Contracts with Customers.” Topic 606 supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Accounting Standards Codification Topic 605, “Revenue Recognition”, and requires entities to recognize revenue when they transfer control of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The Company adopted ASU 2014-09 using the modified retrospective approach effective January 1, 2018, under which prior periods were not retrospectively adjusted. The adoption of Topic 606 does not have a material impact to our consolidated financial statements, including the presentation of revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 42 Trxade, Inc. provides an online website service, a buying and selling marketplace for licensed Pharmaceutical Wholesalers to sell products and services to licensed Pharmacies. The Company charges Suppliers a transaction fee, a percentage of the purchase price of the Prescription Drugs and other products sold through its website service. The fulfillment of confirmed orders, including delivery and shipment of Prescription Drugs and other products, is the responsibility of the Supplier and not of the Company. The Company holds no inventory and assumes no responsibility for the shipment or delivery of any products or services from our website. The Company considers itself an agent for this revenue stream and as such, reports revenue as net. Step One: Identify the contract with the customer – Trxade, Inc.’s Terms and Use Agreement is acknowledged between the Wholesaler and Trxade, Inc. which outlines the terms and conditions. The collection is probable based on the credit evaluation of the Wholesaler. Step Two: Identify the performance obligations in the contract – The Company provides to the Supplier access to the online website, uploading of catalogs of products and Dashboard access to review status of inventory posted and processed orders. The Agreement requires the supplier to provide a catalog of pharmaceuticals for posting on the platform, deliver the pharmaceuticals and upon shipment remit the stated platform fee. Step Three: Determine the transaction price – The Fee Agreement outlines the fee based on the type of product, generic, brand or non-drug. There are no discounts for volume of transactions or early payment of invoices. Step Four: Allocate the transaction price – The Fee Agreement outlines the fee. There is no difference between contract price and “stand-alone selling price”. Step Five: Recognize revenue when or as the entity satisfies a performance obligation – Revenue is recognized the day the order has been processed by the Supplier. Integra Pharma Solutions, LLC is a licensed wholesaler and sells to licensed pharmacies brand, generic and non-drug products. The Company takes orders for product and creates invoices for each order and recognizes revenue at the time the Customer receives the product. Customer returns are not material. Step One: Identify the contract with the customer – The Company requires that an application and a credit card for payment is completed by the Customer prior to the first order. Each transaction is evidenced by an order form sent by the customer and an invoice for the product is sent by the Company. The collection is probable based on the application and credit card information provided prior to the first order. Step Two: Identify the performance obligations in the contract – Each order is distinct and evidenced by the shipping order and invoice. Step Three: Determine the transaction price – The consideration is variable if product is returned. The variability is determined based on the return policy of the product manufacturer. There are no sales or volume discounts. The transaction price is determined at the time of the order evidenced by the invoice. Step Four: Allocate the transaction price – There is no difference between contract price and “stand-alone selling price”. Step Five: Recognize revenue when or as the entity satisfies a performance obligation - The Revenue is recognized when the Customer receives the product. Community Specialty Pharmacy, LLC is in the retail pharmacy business. The Company fills prescriptions for drugs written by a doctor and recognizes revenue at the time the patient confirms delivery of the prescription. Customer returns are not material. Step One: Identify the contract with the customer – The prescription is written by a doctor for a Customer and delivered to the Company. The prescription identifies the performance obligations in the contract. The Company fills the prescription and delivers to the Customer the prescription, fulfilling the contract. The collection is probable because there is confirmation that the customer has insurance for the reimbursement to the Company prior to filling of the prescription. Step Two: Identify the performance obligations in the contract – Each prescription is distinct to the Customer. Step Three: Determine the transaction price – The consideration is not variable. The transaction price is determined to be the price of the prescription at the time of delivery which considers the expected reimbursements from third party payors (e.g., pharmacy benefit managers, insurance companies and government agencies). Step Four: Allocate the transaction price – The price of the prescription invoiced represents the expected amount of reimbursement from third party payors. There is no difference between contract price and “stand-alone selling price”. Step Five: Recognize revenue when or as the entity satisfies a performance obligation – Revenue is recognized upon the delivery of the prescription. Cost of Goods Sold – The company recognized cost of goods sold in 2018 from activities in Integra Pharma Solutions, LLC and Community Specialty Pharmacy, LLC, which were not active in 2017. Stock-Based Compensation – The Company accounts for stock-based compensation to non-employees in accordance with the provision of ASC 505, “Equity Based Payments to Non-Employees” (“ASC 505”), which requires that such equity instruments are recorded at their fair value on the measurement date. The measurement of stock-based compensation is subject to periodic adjustment as the underlying instruments vest. The Company accounts for stock-based compensation to employees in accordance with ASC 718, “Compensation-Stock Compensation”. ASC 718 requires companies to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments, including stock options, based on the grant date fair value of the award and to recognize it as compensation expense over the period the employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award, usually the vesting period. Stock option forfeitures are recognized at the date of employee termination. 43 Income Taxes – The Company accounts for income taxes utilizing ASC 740, “Income Taxes” (SFAS No. 109). ASC 740 requires the measurement of deferred tax assets for deductible temporary differences and operating loss carry forwards, and of deferred tax liabilities for taxable temporary differences. Measurement of current and deferred tax liabilities and assets is based on provisions of enacted tax law. The effects of future changes in tax rates are not included in the measurement. The Company recognizes the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and recognizes deferred tax liabilities and assets for the expected future tax consequences of events and transactions that have been recognized in the Company’s financial statements or tax returns. The Company currently has substantial net operating loss carry forwards. The Company has recorded a 100% valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets due to uncertainty of their ultimate realization. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. Tax years from 2015 forward are open to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. Income (loss) Per Share – Basic net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net loss available to Common Stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted net loss per common share is computed similar to basic net loss per common share except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common shares had been issued and if the additional common shares were dilutive. The treasury stock method and as if converted methods are used to determine the dilutive shares for our options and warrants and convertible notes, respectively. The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted income per common share for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017: December 31, 2018 December 31, 2017 Numerator: Net Income $ 9,038 $ 288,983 Numerator for basic and diluted income available to common shareholders $ 9,038 $ 288,983 Denominator: Denominator for basic income per common share – Weighted average common shares outstanding 32,260,622 31,955,416 Dilutive effect of Common Stock Equivalents 2,697,880 2,130,835 Denominator for diluted income per common share – adjusted weighted average common shares outstanding 34,958,502 34,086,251 Basic and Diluted income per common share $ 0.00 $ 0.01 Concentration of Credit Risks and Major Customers - Financial instruments that potentially subject the company to credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents and receivables. The Company places its cash and cash equivalents with financial institutions. Deposits are insured to Federal Deposit Insurance Corp limits. During the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, sales to two customers each represent greater than 10% of revenue. Recent Accounting Pronouncements – The Company has implemented all new relevant accounting pronouncements that are in effect through the date of these financial statements. The pronouncements did not have any material impact on the financial statements unless otherwise disclosed, and the Company does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its consolidated financial position or results of operations. In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases, which will amend current lease accounting to require lessees to recognize (i) a lease liability, which is a lessee’s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis, and (ii) a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee’s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. ASU 2016-02 does not significantly change lease accounting requirements applicable to lessors; however, certain changes were made to align, where necessary, lessor accounting with the lessee accounting model. This standard will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted the provisions of this ASU at January 1, 2019. 44 NOTE 3 – SHORT-TERM DEBT AND RELATED PARTIES DEBT Convertible Promissory Note Convertible promissory notes were issued in the aggregate amount of $200,000 in April and May 2015. The term of the notes was one year. Simple interest of 10% was payable at the maturity date of the note. Prior to maturity the notes may be converted for Common Stock at a conversion price of $1.50. The holders of the notes were granted warrants at one share of Common Stock for every $4.00 of the note principal amount, which totaled a warrant to purchase 50,000 shares of Common Stock. These warrants were issued at a strike price of $1.50 and an expiration date of five years from date of issuance. The Company used the Black-Scholes pricing model to estimate the fair value of the warrants issued along with convertible notes on the date of grant. The Company accounted for the relative fair value of the warrants issued and a total debt discount $53,546 was recorded. In April and May 2016, $50,000 of the $200,000 in convertible promissory notes (plus $5,000 in interest) was repaid. A one-year extension was executed on the remaining notes and the interest owed, totaling $15,000 became part of the adjusted principal of notes and the balance of $165,000 is due May 2017. In connection with the one-year extension of the maturity date of the outstanding notes, the holders of the notes were granted warrants at one Common Stock for $4.00 of the note amount and warrants to purchase 41,250 shares of Common Stock were issued at a strike price of $1.50 and an expiration date of five years from date of issuance. The amendment of the note was considered a debt extinguishment and a loss on extinguishment of debt was booked in the amount of $37,579. In April 2017, $165,000 in convertible promissory notes (plus $5,500 in interest) was amended. A two-year extension was executed on the remaining notes and the interest owed, totaling $16,500 became part of the adjusted principal of the notes and the balance of $181,500 is due May 2019. The conversion price was adjusted to $0.85 per share. In connection with the two-year extension of the maturity date of the outstanding notes, the holders of the notes were granted warrants to purchase 18,150 shares of Common Stock that was issued at a strike price of $0.65 and an expiration date of five years from date of issuance. The amendment of the note was considered a debt extinguishment and a loss on extinguishment of debt was booked in the amount of $11,512. The Company evaluated the embedded conversion feature within the above convertible notes under ASC 815-15 and ASC 815-40 and determined that the embedded conversion feature does not meet the definition of a derivative liability. Then the Company evaluated the conversion feature for a beneficial conversion feature at inception. The Company accounted for the intrinsic value of a Beneficial Conversion Feature inherent to the convertible note payable the conversion was not beneficial and a total debt discount from the issued warrants of $53,546 was recorded in 2015 and $0 as of the date of the debt modification. During 2017, debt discount of $0 was amortized. As of December 31, 2018 and 2017, short-tern convertible note has a balance of $181,500 and $0 respectively, net of $0 unamortized debt discount. Promissory Note In May 2016, a promissory note that was issued in May 2015 was renewed in the face amount of $250,000 and the term was extended an additional year. The note has an original issuance discount of $45,000 and this amount was paid in cash at the renewal. During 2016, a debt discount of $45,000 was amortized. As of December 31, 2016, the promissory note has a balance of $250,000 with an unamortized debt discount of $15,000. During 2017 the debt discount of $15,000 was fully amortized and the balance of $250,000 was paid. In October 2016, a promissory note was issued in the face amount of $47,000. The term of the note was one year. Payments are made daily and $3,917 of principal was paid in 2016. At December 31, 2016 the balance was $43,083. In 2017 $43,083 of principal was paid and at December 31, 2017 the balance was $0. In September 2016, a promissory note was issued for $189,000. The term of the note is 494 days. The debt discount was $39,000 thus the initial net proceeds were $150,000. At December 31, 2016, $139,602 was classified as short term with a discount of $25,306 and $10,739 was classified as long term with a discount of $152. Payments are made each weekday in the amount of $537. In 2017, $139,602 was paid off by cash and debt discount of $25,306 was amortized. As of December 31, 2017, short term promissory notes have a balance of $10,739, net of $152 unamortized debt discount. 45 In 2018, $10,739 was paid off by cash and the debt discount of $152 was amortized. As of December 31, 2018, short term promissory notes have a balance of $0, net of $0 unamortized debt discount. Related Party Convertible Promissory Notes In August 2016, $40,000 in promissory notes were issued to Mr. Shilpa Patel, a relative of Mr. Prashant Patel. The term of the note was one year. Simple interest of 10% is payable at the maturity date of the note. Prior to maturity the note may be converted for Common Stock at a conversion price of $1.50. In August 2017, $40,000 in convertible promissory notes was amended. A one-year extension was executed to August 2018. In connection with the one-year extension of the maturity date of the outstanding notes, the holder of the notes was granted warrants to purchase 10,000 shares of Common Stock that was issued at a strike price of $0.80 and an expiration date of five years from date of issuance. The amendment of the note was considered a debt extinguishment and a loss on extinguishment of debt was booked in the amount of $5,044. In August 2018, $40,000 in convertible promissory notes was amended. A one-year extension was executed to August 2019. In connection with the one-year extension of the maturity date of the outstanding notes, the holder of the notes was granted warrants to purchase 10,000 shares of Common Stock that was issued at a strike price of $0.50 and an expiration date of five years from date of issuance. The amendment of the note was considered a debt extinguishment and a loss on extinguishment of debt was booked in the amount of $7,444. The Company evaluated the embedded conversion feature within the above convertible notes under ASC 815-15 and ASC 815-40 and determined that the embedded conversion feature does not meet the definition of a derivative liability. Then the Company evaluated the conversion feature for a beneficial conversion feature at inception. The Company accounted for the intrinsic value of a Beneficial Conversion Feature inherent to the convertible note payable and $0 was recorded as of the grant date. In September and October 2016, convertible promissory notes were issued in the aggregate amount of $211,725 to a related party, Mr. Nitel Patel, the brother of Mr. Prashant Patel. The term of the notes was one year. Simple interest of 10% is payable at the maturity date of the notes. Prior to maturity the notes may be converted for Common Stock at a conversion price of $0.62. In connection with the notes, the holders of the notes were granted warrants to purchase 52,861 shares of Common Stock. These warrants were issued at a strike price of $0.62 and an expiration date of five years from date of issuance. The Company evaluated the embedded conversion feature within the above convertible notes under ASC 815-15 and ASC 815-40 and determined that the embedded conversion feature does not meet the definition of a derivative liability. Then the Company evaluated the conversion feature for a beneficial conversion feature at inception. The Company accounted for the intrinsic value of a Beneficial Conversion Feature inherent to the convertible note payable and the beneficial feature was not beneficial and a total debt discount of $65,390 due to the warrants was recorded as of the grant date. In April 2017, a $61,725 related party note was renewed for a one-year extension at the same interest rate of 10%, due April 2018. In April 2018, $61,725 was paid in cash for full payment. In September 2017, a $150,000 related party note was renewed for a six-month extension at the same interest rate of 10%, due in February 2018. In February 2018, $100,000 of the related party note was extended to July 2018 and then renewed for a year extension at the same interest rate of 10%, due July 2019. The remaining $50,000 was paid in cash in February 2018. During 2017, the remaining debt discount of $48,341 was fully amortized. As of December 31, 2017, the short-term related party convertible notes had a principal balance of $251,725, net of an unamortized debt discount of $0. As of December 31, 2018, the short-term related party convertible notes had a principal balance of $140,000, net of an unamortized debt discount of $0. 46 Related Party Promissory Note In November 2016, Mr. Prashant Patel loaned the Company $10,000. The term of the loan is 90 days and is at zero percent interest. The balance at December 31, 2016 was $10,000. In February 2017, $7,280 of accounts payable to Mr. Patel was added to the loan. The term of the loan was extended for 90 days and is at zero interest rate. An additional $25,272 of accounts payable was added to the loan in the second quarter and the balance of $42,552 was converted to long-term debt in July 2017 and will mature in July 2020. (See Note 4). NOTE 4 – LONG TERM DEBT In 2017, there are $181,500 in convertible promissory notes due in May 2019 as described in Note 3. Related Party Promissory Notes In June 2017, the Company satisfied an outstanding promissory note, dated May 8, 2016, as amended, in the principal amount of $250,000 (the “NPR Note”), made by between the Company and NPR INVESTMENT GROUP, LLC (the “Lender”). The NPR Note included a personal guarantee from Suren Ajjarapu and Prashant Patel, who both serve on the Board of Directors of the Company and are controlling stockholders of the Company. Further, Mr. Ajjarapu is the CEO and President of the Company and Mr. Patel is Vice Chairman and Executive Director of Strategy. In connection with the foregoing satisfaction of the NPR Note above, the Company received funds in June 2017 and entered into a promissory note agreement on July 1, 2017, whereby the Company borrowed $100,000 and $80,000 from Sansur Associates, LLC, a limited liability company controlled by Mr. Ajjarapu, and Mr. Patel, respectively (the “Promissory Notes”). The term of each of these Notes is three years and they each bear interest at 6%, which is payable annually. The note due to Mr. Patel is $ 122,552. It comprises $80,000 for the NPR note, $17,280 for an existing promissory note and $25,272 assumption of credit card obligation related to business expenses of the Company. In October 2018 in connection with the acquisition of Community Specialty Pharmacy, LLC a $300,000 promissory note was issued to Nikul Panchal, accruing interest a simple interest of 10%, interest payable annually, and principal payable at maturity on October 15, 2021. At December 31, 2018 and 2017, total related party long term debt was $522,552 and $222,552, respectively. Future maturities of long-term debt in the next five years are as follows: Due in 2020 $ 222,552 Due in 2021 $ 300,000 Due in 2022 $ - Due in 2023 $ - Total Debt $ 522,052 47 NOTE 5 – STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY 2017 In January 2017, under a Private Offer Memorandum, 250,000 shares of Common Stock were issued for $250,000 cash. The Common Stock was sold at $1.00 per share. In connection with this Common Stock offering, warrants to purchase 87,500 shares of Common Stock were issued with a strike price of $0.01 and an expiration date of five years. In February 2017, 25,000 shares were issued when warrants were exercised at $0.01 grant price for $250. In March 2017, 50,000 shares were issued for services performed for the Company and valued at fair value of $12,500. 2018 In July 2018, under a Private Offer Memorandum, 300,000 shares of Common Stock were issued for $300,000 cash. The Common Stock was sold at $1.00 per share. In connection with this Common Stock offering, warrants to purchase 161,538 shares of Common Stock were issued with a strike price of $0.01 and an expiration date of five years. In November 2018, under a Private Offer Memorandum, 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock were issued for $500,000 cash. The Common Stock was sold at $0.50 per share. NOTE 6 - WARRANTS In 2017, 87,500 warrants were issued related to common shares sold for cash (See Note 5). Likewise, 28,150 were issued for renewal of convertible debt (see Note 3) and 25,000 warrants were exercised. No warrants were forfeited in 2017. In 2018, 161,538 warrants were issued related to common shares sold for cash (see Note 5), 10,000 were issued for renewal of convertible debt (see Note 3), 405,507 were issued related to the acquisition of Community Specialty Pharmacy, LLC, none were exercised and 435,000 were forfeited. The following table summarizes the assumptions used to estimate the fair value of warrants granted during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017: 2018 2017 Expected dividend yield 0 % 0 % Weighted-average expected volatility 231-632 % 200 % Weighted-average risk-free interest rate 2.55-2.75 % 1.81-1.84 % Expected life of warrants 5-8 years 5 years The Company’s outstanding and exercisable warrants as of December 31, 2018 and 2017 are presented below: Number Outstanding Weighted Average Exercise Price Contractual Life in Years Intrinsic Value Warrants Outstanding as of December 31, 2016 2,647,446 $ 0.24 4.24 $ 930,751 Warrants granted 115,650 $ 0.18 5.0 - Warrants forfeited - - - - Warrants exercised (25,000 ) $ 0.01 - - Warrants Outstanding as of December 31, 2017 2,738,096 $ 0.24 3.28 $ 937,567 Warrants granted 577,045 $ 0.02 7.11 Warrants forfeited (435,000 ) - - - Warrants exercised - - - - Warrants Outstanding as of December 31, 2018 2,880,141 $ 0.08 3.74 $ 782,385 48 NOTE 7 - OPTIONS The Company maintains a stock option plan under which certain employees and management are awarded option grants based on a combination of performance and tenure. All options may be exercised for a period up to four ½ years following the grant date, after which they expire. Options are vested up to 5 years from the grant date. The Board has authorized the use of 2,000,000 shares for option grants. Stock options were granted during 2018 and 2017 to employees totaling, 560,400 and 263,846 respectively. These options vest over a period of 4 to 5 years, are granted with an exercise price of between $0.41 and $1.02 per share and have a term of 10 years. The last options expire April 2028. Under the Black-Scholes option price model, fair value of the options granted in 2018 and 2017 were $278,358 and $169,100, respectfully. In April 2017, 253,846 options were granted with an exercise price of $0.65 and a term of 10 years from the grant date. The options vest over a period of one and four years. In April 2017, four option grants, totaling 650,000 options, were amended to extend the exercise terms to 10 years from the date of grant. Incremental option expense recognized as a result of the amendment amounted to $69,611. In April 2018, 560,400 options were granted with an exercise price of $0.50 and a term of 10 years from the grant date. The options vest over a period of four to five years. The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the fair value of stock-based awards on the date of grant. The following table summarizes the assumptions used to estimate the fair value of stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017: 2018 2017 Expected dividend yield 0 % 0 % Weighted-average expected volatility 192-265 % 200 % Weighted-average risk-free interest rate 2.08-2.73 % 1.92 % Expected life of warrants 4-5 years 4.74 -7.50 years Total compensation cost related to stock options was $169,828 and $267,835 for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. As of December 31, 2018, there was $192,007 of unrecognized compensation costs related to stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 6.98 years. The following table represents stock option activity for the two years ended December 31, 2018: Number Outstanding Weighted Average Exercise Price Contractual Life in Years Intrinsic Value Options Outstanding as of December 31, 2016 1,044,500 $ 0.92 3.38 $ - Options Exercisable as of December 31, 2016 584,000 $ 1.05 3.02 Options granted 263,846 0.64 9.05 - Options forfeited (35,000 ) 1.02 8.25 - Options expired (75,000 ) 1.13 4.54 - Options Outstanding as of December 31, 2017 1,197,846 $ 0.97 6.96 $ - Options Exercisable as of December 31, 2017 781,300 $ 1.02 6.30 $ - Options granted 560,400 0.50 9.26 Options forfeited (25,400 ) 0.46 9.06 Options expired - - - - Options Outstanding as of December 31, 2018 1,732,846 $ 1.19 6.98 $ - Options Exercisable as of December 31, 2018 1,107,259 $ 0.96 5.91 $ - 49 NOTE 8 – INCOME TAXES On December 22, 2017 H.R. 1, originally known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, (the “Tax Act”) was enacted. Among the significant changes to the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, the Tax Act lowers the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate (“Federal Tax Rate”) from 35% to 21% effective January 1, 2018. The statutory tax rate is the percentage imposed by law; the effective tax rate is the percentage of income actually paid by a company after taking into account tax deductions, exemptions, credits and operating loss carry forwards. At December 31, 2018 and 2017 deferred tax assets consist of the following: December 31, 2018 December 31, 2017 Federal loss carry forwards $ 922,850 $ 963,833 Less: valuation allowance (922,850 ) (963,833 ) $ - $ - The Company has established a valuation allowance equal to the full amount of the deferred tax asset primarily due to uncertainty in the utilization of the net operating loss carry forwards. The estimated net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $4,400,000 will be available based on the new carryover rules in section 172(a) passed with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Acts. NOTE 9 – RELATED PARTIES In January 2017 Mr. Ajjarapu and Mr. Patel suspended their executive salaries of $165,000 and $125,000, for a period of five and six months, respectively. In January 2018, Mr. Ajjarapu and Mr. Patel’s executive salaries were amended to $200,000 and $150,000, respectively. All of our executives are at-will employees or consultants. Each of Messrs. Ajjarapu and Patel are parties to an at-will executive employment agreement. The Company owed management wages to Mr. Prashant Patel at December 31, 2018 of $0 and December 31, 2017 of $62,500, respectively. In October 2018 in connection with the acquisition of Community Specialty Pharmacy, LLC a $300,000 promissory note was issued to Nikul Panchal, accruing interest a simple interest of 10%, interest payable annually, and principal payable at maturity on October 15, 2021. 50 NOTE 10 – COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES The Company leases two premises in Land O’ Lakes, Florida under an operating lease that expires in 2021 and in Tampa, Florida under an operating lease that expires in 2023. Future minimum rental payments under these non-cancelable operating leases as of December 31, 2018 are: 2019 $ 156,024 2020 $ 160,709 2021 $ 165,506 2022 $ 49,080 2023 $ 41,934 Total $ 573,253 NOTE 11 – SEGMENT REPORTING The Company classifies its business interests into reportable segments which are Trxade, Inc., Community Specialty Pharmacy, LLC, and Other. Operating segments are defined as the components of an enterprise about which separate financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessi ng performance. Our chief operating decision makers direct the allocation of resources to operating segments based on the profitability, cash flows, and growth opportunities of each respective segment. Year Ended December 31, 2018 Trxade, Inc. Community Specialty Pharmacy, LLC Other Revenue $ 3,407,822 $ 395,418 $ 28,538 Gross Profit $ 3,407,822 $ (34,971 ) $ 9,878 Segment Assets $ 822,412 $ 112,123 $ 1,293,052 Segment Profit/Loss $ 1,371,615 $ (116,588 ) $ (1,245,989 ) The Company had no reportable segments in 2017. See Note 12. NOTE 12 – BUSINESS COMBINATION On October 15, 2018, the Company entered into and consummated the purchase of 100% of the equity interests of Community Specialty Pharmacy, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, (“CSP”), pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, entered into by and among the Company as the buyer, and CSP, and Nikul Panchal, the equity owner of CSP (collectively, the “Seller”). The purchase price for the 100% equity interest in CSP was $300,000 in cash, a promissory note issued by the Company of $300,000 (see Note 4), and warrants to purchase 405,507 shares of the Common Stock of the Company which vested at the acquisition date, are exercisable for eight (8) years from the issuance date at a strike price of $0.01 per share, and subject to exercise restrictions which lapse over a period of three (3) years. The Company recorded the acquisition under the guidance of ASC 805 “Business Combinations”. All the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their corresponding fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the net assets acquired resulted in goodwill of $725,973. The following table is a summary of the allocation of the purchase price of $770,291 consisting of $300,000 in cash, a promissory note from the Company of $300,000, and the fair value for the warrants issued calculated under the Black-Scholes calculation at $170,291. Purchase Price Allocation Purchase Price $ 770,291 Cash (49,728 ) Accounts Receivable (114,899 ) Inventory (76,156 ) Prepaid (3,000 ) Accounts Payable 199,312 Accrued Expenses 153 Goodwill $ 725,973 51 The accompanying unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations presents the accounts of Trxade and CSP for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, assuming the acquisition occurred on January 1, 2017. 2018 Summary Statement of Operations Trxade CSP Combined Revenue $ 3,436,360 $ 2,387,636 $ 5,823,996 Net Income (Loss) $ 125,626 $ (6,723 ) $ 118,903 Net Income per common share – basic $ 0.00 $ 0.00 Net Income per common share - diluted $ 0.00 $ 0.00 Weighted average common shares - basic 32,260,622 32,260,622 Weighted average common shares - diluted 34,958,502 34,958,502 2017 Summary Statement of Operations Trxade CSP Combined Revenue $ 2,931,280 $ 2,633,914 $ 5,565,194 Net Income (Loss) $ 288,983 $ (63,132 ) $ 225,851 Net Income per common share – basic $ 0.01 $ 0.01 Net Income per common share - diluted $ 0.01 $ 0.01 Weighted average common shares - basic 31,955,416 31,955,416 Weighted average common shares - diluted 34,086,251 34,086,251 NOTE 13 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS In January 2019, Trxade Group, Inc. through its wholly owned subsidiary Alliance Pharma Solution, LLC (“Alliance”) entered into a transaction to form SyncHealth MSO, LLC (“SyncHealth”). It will be owned by PanOptic Health, LLC (“PanOptic”) and Alliance. Alliance will transfer $250,000 for the acquisition of the remaining 49% and the option to acquire the remaining ownership from PanOptic shareholders. Pursuant to the operating agreement PanOptic initially owns 70% of SyncHealth and Alliance owns 30%; however, pursuant to the Letter Agreement, PanOptic will transfer to Alliance an additional 6% of the SyncHealth units on May 1, 2019, an additional 6% on August 1, 2019, an additional 7% on November 1, 2019 and at Alliance’s option, the balance of 51% on January 31, 2020. The Company has transferred $250,000 and has a 30% equity interest. In February 2019, convertible promissory notes issued in 2015 for $150,000 were amended to reduce the conversion price from $0.85 to $0.50 and the remaining principal and accrued interest total of $211,983 were converted to 423,966 common shares. In February 2019, 16,666 of warrants issued in 2014 at $0.01 were converted for $166 to 16,666 of common shares. 52 This Prospectus is part of a registration statement filed with the SEC. You should rely only on the information or representations provided in this Prospectus. We have authorized no one to provide you with different information. We are not making an offer of these securities in any state where the offer is not permitted. You should not assume that the information in this Prospectus is accurate as of any date other than the date on the front of this document. No one (including any salesman or broker) is authorized to provide oral or written information about the Offering that is not included in this Prospectus. The information contained in this Prospectus is correct only as of the date set forth on the cover page, regardless of the time of the delivery of this Prospectus. Until ___________ (90 days after the commencement of this Offering), all dealers that effect transactions in these securities, whether or not participating in this Offering, may be required to deliver a Prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers’ obligation to deliver a Prospectus when acting as an underwriter and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions. SHARES OF TRXADE GROUP, INC. COMMON STOCK PROSPECTUS May 3, 2019 53 Part II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS ITEM 14. OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION The following table sets forth an estimate of the registrant’s expenses, other than any sales commissions or discounts, in connection with the issuance and distribution of the securities being registered hereby. All amounts are estimates except the SEC registration fee. Securities and Exchange Commission registration fee $ 4,669.50 Accounting fees and expenses 5,000.00 Legal fees and expenses 37,500.00 Miscellaneous 10,000.00 Total $ 57,169.50 * Indicates expenses that have been estimated for filing purposes only. ITEM 15. INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law authorizes a corporation’s board of directors to grant, and authorizes a court to award, indemnity to officers, directors, and other corporate agents. On the completion of this offering, as permitted by Section 102(b)(7) of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation will include provisions that eliminate the personal liability of its directors and officers for monetary damages for breach of their fiduciary duty as directors and officers. In addition, as permitted by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws of the Company will provide that: ● The Company shall indemnify its directors and officers for serving the Company in those capacities or for serving other business enterprises at the Company’s request, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Delaware law provides that a corporation may indemnify such person if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person’s conduct was unlawful. ● The Company may, in its discretion, indemnify employees and agents in those circumstances where indemnification is permitted by applicable law. ● The Company is required to advance expenses, as incurred, to its directors and officers in connection with defending a proceeding, except that such director or officer shall undertake to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification. ● The Company will not be obligated pursuant to the bylaws to indemnify a person with respect to proceedings initiated by that person, except with respect to proceedings authorized by the Company’s board of directors or brought to enforce a right to indemnification. ● The rights conferred in the bylaws are not exclusive, and the Company is authorized to enter into indemnification agreements with its directors, officers, employees and agents and to obtain insurance to indemnify such persons. ● The Company may not retroactively amend the bylaw provisions to reduce its indemnification obligations to directors, officers, employees and agents. The Company’s policy is to enter into separate indemnification agreements with each of its directors and officers that provide the maximum indemnity allowed to directors and executive officers by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law and also to provide for certain additional procedural protections. The Company also maintains directors and officers insurance to insure such persons against certain liabilities. These indemnification provisions and the indemnification agreements entered into between the Company and its officers and directors may be sufficiently broad to permit indemnification of the Company’s officers and directors for liabilities (including reimbursement of expenses incurred) arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act). 54 ITEM 16. EXHIBITS INDEX TO EXHIBITS Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Exhibit No. Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 2.01 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement 8-K 000-55218 2.01 Oct 16, 2018 2.02 Promissory Note 8-K 000-55218 2.02 Oct 16, 2018 2.03 Revocable Warrant 8-K 000-55218 2.03 Oct 16, 2018 2.04 Purchase and Sale Agreement 8-K 000-55218 2.01 Jan 5, 2017 2.05 Warrant Agreement 8-K 000-55218 2.02 Jan 5, 2017 3.01 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Trxade Group, Inc. 14C 000-55218 Appendix A May 18, 2015 3.02 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Trxade Group, Inc. 10-12G/A 000-55218 3.1 July 24, 2014 5.1 Opinion of Counsel S-1 000-55218 5.1 filed herewith X 10.01 Indemnification Agreement 10K 000-55218 10.1 March 22, 2019 10.02 Contribution Agreement 8-K 000-55218 10.1 Jan 22, 2019 10.03 Technology Integration Agreement 8-K 000-55218 10.2 Jan 22, 2019 10.04 Operating Agreement 8-K 000-55218 10.3 Jan 22, 2019 10.05 Shareholder Agreement 8-K 000-55218 10.4 Jan 22, 2019 10.06 Subscription Agreement 8-K 000-55218 10.5 Jan 22, 2019 10.07 Letter Agreement 8-K 000-55218 10.6 Jan 22, 2019 10.08 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement 8-K 000-55218 10.1 Nov 14, 2018 10.09 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement 8-K 000-55218 10.1 July 13, 2018 10.1 Form of Investment Warrant Agreement 8-K 000-55218 10.2 July 13, 2018 10.11 Promissory Note with Sansur Associates LLC 8-K 000-55218 10.1 July 5, 2017 10.12 Promissory Note with Prashant Patel 8-K 000-55218 10.2 July 5, 2017 10.13 Form of Indemnification Agreement 8-K 000-55218 10.1 Aug 25, 2016 10.14 Amendment to Convertible Note Agreement and Note 8-K 000-55218 10.1 June 3, 2016 10.15 Amendment to Ajjarapu Executive Employment Agreement 10-K 000-55218 10.14 March 28, 2016 10.16 Note Purchase Agreement 8-K 000-55218 10.1 Oct 27, 2015 10.17 Form of Note 8-K 000-55218 10.2 Oct 27, 2015 10.18 Form of Warrant 8-K 000-55218 10.3 Oct 27, 2015 10.19 Indemnification Agreement 8-K 000-55218 10.1 Mar 18, 2015 10.2 Indemnification Agreement 8-K 000-55218 10.1 Dec 23, 2014 10.21 Subscription Agreement 8-K 000-55218 10.1 Sep 26, 2014 10.22 Warrant Agreement 8-K 000-55218 10.2 Sep 26, 2014 10.23 Registration Rights Agreement 8-K 000-55218 10.3 Sep 26, 2014 10.24 RxTPL Logistics Services Agreement 10-12G/A 000-55218 10.9 Sept 5, 2016 10.25 Employment Agreement - Suren Ajjarapu 10-12G/A 000-55218 10.5 July 24, 2014 10.26 Employment Agreement - Prashant Patel 10-12G/A 000-55218 10.6 July 24, 2014 10.27 Related Parties - Promissory Note Patel 10-12G/A 000-55218 10.7 July 24, 2014 10.28 Related Parties - Promissory Note Sansur 10-12G/A 000-55218 10.8 July 24, 2014 10.29 Bylaws of Trxade Group, Inc. 10-12G 000-55218 3.1 June 11, 2014 10.30 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 10-12G 000-55218 10.3 June 11, 2014 10.31 Merger and Reorganization Agreement of XCELLINK INTERNATIONAL, INC., a Delaware corporation (predecessor to Trxade Group, Inc. a Delaware corporation) and Trxade Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation 10-12G 000-55218 10.1 June 11, 2014 10.32 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into between Trxade Group, Inc. and its directors and certain officers 10-12G 000-55218 10.4 June 11, 2014 10.33 Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement 10-12G 000-55218 10.2 June 11, 2014 14.1 Code of Ethics 10-K 000-55218 14.1 Mar 23, 2015 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm S-1 000-55218 23.1 filed herewith X 55 ITEM 17. UNDERTAKINGS The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: 1. To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: i. To include any Prospectus required by section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; ii. To reflect in the Prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum Offering range may be reflected in the form of Prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20% change in the maximum aggregate Offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement. iii. To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; Provided however, that: A. Paragraphs (a)(1)(i) and (a)(1)(ii) of this section do not apply if the registration statement is on Form S-8, and the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the Commission by the registrant pursuant to section 13 or section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are incorporated by reference in the registration statement; and B. Paragraphs (a)(1)(i), (a)(1)(ii) and (a)(1)(iii) of this section do not apply if the registration statement is on Form S-3 or Form F-3 and the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the Commission by the registrant pursuant to section 13 or section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are incorporated by reference in the registration statement, or is contained in a form of Prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of the registration statement. 2. That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and this Offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. 3. To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of this Offering. 4. If the registrant is a foreign private issuer, to file a post-effective amendment to the registration statement to include any financial statements required by Item 8.A. of Form 20-F at the start of any delayed offering or throughout a continuous offering. Financial statements and information otherwise required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Act need not be furnished, PROVIDED that the registrant includes in the Prospectus, by means of a post-effective amendment, financial statements required pursuant to this paragraph (a)(4) and other information necessary to ensure that all other information in the Prospectus is at least as current as the date of those financial statements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to registration statements on Form F-3, a post-effective amendment need not be filed to include financial statements and information required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Act or Rule 3-19 of this chapter if such financial statements and information are contained in periodic reports filed with or furnished to the Commission by the registrant pursuant to section 13 or section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are incorporated by reference in the Form F-3. 56 5. That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser: i. If the registrant is relying on Rule 430B (§230.430B of this chapter): A. Each Prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3)shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date the filed Prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and B. Each Prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by section 10(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of Prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in this Offering described in the Prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement to which that Prospectus relates, and this Offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or Prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or Prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or Prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such effective date; or ii. If the registrant is subject to Rule 430C, each Prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than Prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or Prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or Prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or Prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. 6. That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities: The undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: i. Any preliminary Prospectus or Prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to this Offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; ii. Any free writing Prospectus relating to this Offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; iii. The portion of any other free writing Prospectus relating to this Offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and iv. Any other communication that is an offer in this Offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 57 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the city of Land O’ Lakes, State of Florida on the 1 st day of May, 2019. TRXADE GROUP, INC. /s/ Suren Ajjarapu By: Suren Ajjarapu, President, Chief Executive and Principal Executive Officer, Chief Financial and Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Treasurer and Chairman of the Board of Directors Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the date indicated. Signature(s) Title(s) Date /s/ Suren Ajjarapu May 3, 2019 By: Suren Ajjarapu President, Chief Executive and Principal Executive Officer, Chief Financial and Principal Financial Officer, Principal Financial Accounting Officer, Treasurer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 58 POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Mr. Suren Ajjarapu acting with full powers of substitution and re-substitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Registration Statement on Form S-1 (including post-effective amendments), and to sign any registration statement for the same offering covered by this Registration Statement that is to be effective upon filing pursuant to Rule 462(b) promulgated under the Securities Act, and all post-effective amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all documents in connection therewith, with the SEC, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of each to act alone, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully for all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his or their substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 this registration statement has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Suren Ajjarapu Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary May 3, 2019 Suren Ajjarapu (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Howard A. Doss Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) May 3, 2019 Howard A. Doss 59
