forms1.htm AS FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION ON JUNE 11, 2008 REGISTRATION NO. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, as amended VANITY EVENTS HOLDING, INC. (Name of small business issuer in its charter) Delaware 7330 43-2114545 (State or other jurisdiction of (Primary Standard Industrial (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) incorporation or organization) Classification Code Number) 43 West 33 rd Street, Suite 600 New York, NY 1001 (Address and telephone number of principal executive offices) 43 West 33 rd Street, Suite 600 New York, NY 1001 (Address of principal place of business or intended principal place of business) Steven Moskowitz Chief Executive Officer 43 West 33 rd Street, Suite 600 New York, NY 1001 (Name, address and telephone number of agent for service) Copies to: Richard A. Friedman, Esq. Jonathan R. Shechter, Esq. Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP 61 Broadway, 32nd Floor New York, New York 10006 Phone: (212) 930-9700 Fax: (212) 930-9725 Registrant's telephone number: (212) 695-7850 APPROXIMATE DATE OF PROPOSED SALE TO PUBLIC: From time to time after this Registration Statement becomes effective. If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, please check the following box and list the Securities Act of 1933 registration number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box and list the Securities Act of 1933 registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box and list the Securities Act of 1933 registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o If delivery of the prospectus is expected to be made pursuant to Rule 434, please check the following box. o Indicate by check mark whether registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer o Accelerated Filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company x (COVER CONTINUES ON FOLLOWING PAGE) 1 CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of Each Class of Securities To Be Registered Amount To Be Registered Proposed Maximum Offering Price Per Unit (1)(2) Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price Amount of Registration Fee Common Stock offered by our Selling Stockholders (2) 2,747,777 $ 0.25 $ 686,944 $ 22.00 (1) Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457. The proposed maximum offering price is based on the estimated high end of the range at which the common stock will initially be sold. (2) The selling shareholders will offer their shares at $.25 per share until the Company’s shares are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board and, assuming we secure this qualification, thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. We will not receive proceeds from the sale of shares from the selling shareholders. The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to Section 8(a) may determine. 2 The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS, SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, JUNE 11, 2008 VANITY EVENTS HOLDING, INC. 2,747,777 Shares of Common Stock The Selling shareholders are offering up to 2,747,777 shares of common stock. The selling shareholders will offer their shares at $0.25 per share until our shares are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board and, assuming we secure this qualification, thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. We will not receive proceeds from the sale of shares from the selling shareholders. There are no underwriting commissions involved in this offering. We have agreed to pay all the costs and expenses of this offering. Selling shareholders will pay no offering expenses. As of the date of this prospectus, there is no trading market in our common stock, and we cannot assure you that a trading market will develop Our common stock is not currently listed on any national securities exchange, the NASDAQ stock market, or the OTC Bulletin Board. There is no guarantee that our securities will ever trade on the OTC Bulletin Board or other exchange. This offering is highly speculative and these securities involve a high degree of risk and should be considered only by persons who can afford the loss of their entire investment. See "Risk Factors" beginning on page 7. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of this prospectus is June 2008 . 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS SUMMARY INFORMATION 5 RISK FACTORS 7 USE OF PROCEEDS 12 DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE 12 DILUTION 12 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 13 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 18 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 19 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 20 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 21 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 22 SELLING SHAREHOLDERS 22 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS, AND CONTROL PERSONS 23 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 24 MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 25 INTEREST OF NAMED EXPERTS 26 DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES LIABILITIES 26 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 27 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 28 You may only rely on the information contained in this prospectus or that we have referred you to. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with different information. This prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities other than the common stock offered by this prospectus. This prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any common stock in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. Neither the delivery of this prospectus nor any sale made in connection with this prospectus shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in our affairs since the date of this prospectus or that the information contained by reference to this prospectus is correct as of any time after its date. 4 PROSPECTUS SUMMARY The following summary highlights selected information contained in this prospectus. This summary does not contain all the information you should consider before investing in the securities. Before making an investment decision, you should read the entire prospectus carefully, including the "RISK FACTORS" section, the financial statements and the notes to the financial statements. As used throughout this prospectus, the terms "Vanity", "Company", "we," "us," or "our" refer to Vanity Events Holding, Inc.. Organization Vanity Events Holding, Inc. was incorporated on November 22, 2006 in the State of Delaware under the name Map V Acquisition, Inc.. Our principal executive offices are currently located at 43 West 33 rd Street, Suite 600, New York, New York 10001. Our telephone number is (212) 695-7850. We are qualified to do business in the State of New York. Our fiscal year-end is December 31. As described below, Vanity was incorporated with the objective to acquire, or merge with an operating business. On April 7, 2008, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Vanity Holding Group, Inc., a private company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware, and the shareholders of Vanity Holding Group, Inc. pursuant to which the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of common stock of Vanity Holding Group, Inc. Thereafter, the Company changed its name to Vanity Events Holding, Inc. We are a development stage business and have had limited revenues since our formation. There is currently no public market for our common stock. As with any investment, there are certain risks involved in this offering. All potential investors should consult their own tax, legal and investment advisors prior to making any decision regarding this offering. The purchase of the Shares is highly speculative and involves a high degree of risk, including, but not necessarily limited to, the “Risk Factors” described herein on page 7. Any person who cannot afford the loss of their entire investment should not purchase the Shares. As discussed further below, Vanity is in the business of licensing images and promoting merchandise and events, primarily though it’s group of touring swimsuit models. Vanity’s models are available to travel throughout the world and draw attention to companies, merchandise, brand names, and events, including swimsuit competitions, calendar signings, and auto shows. Initially, Vanity began operations as Circuit Girls on the swimsuit circuit in Southern Florida. After establishing a reputation for excellence in the Southeast, it has expanded its circuit to include the greater U.S. domestic market as well as international markets. Our address is 43 West 33 rd Street, Suite 600, New York, New York 10001. Our telephone number is (212) 695-7850. 5 The Offering Common stock outstanding before the offering 15,989,094 Common stock offered by selling stockholders Up to 2,747,777 shares. The maximum number of shares to be sold by the selling stockholders, 2,747,777 represents 17% of our current outstanding stock. The selling stockholders will offer their shares at $.25 per share until the Company’s shares are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board and, assuming we secure this qualification, thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. Common stock to be outstanding after the offering Up to 15,989,094 shares Use of proceeds We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the common stock. See "Use of Proceeds" for a complete description. Risk Factors The purchase of our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully review and consider "Risk Factors" beginning on page 7. Forward-Looking Statements This prospectus contains forward-looking statements that address, among other things, our strategy to develop our business, projected capital expenditures, liquidity, and our development of additional revenue sources. The forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. We base these forward-looking statements on information currently available to us, and we assume no obligation to update them. Our actual results may differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements, due to various factors. The above information regarding common stock to be outstanding after the offering is based on 15,989,094 shares of common stock outstanding as of June 1, 2008. 6 RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the risks described below as well as other information provided to you in this document, including information in the section of this document entitled “Information Regarding Forward Looking Statements.” The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Company or that the Company currently believes are immaterial may also impair the Company’s business operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, the Company’s business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected, the value of the Company common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We will need significant additional capital, which we may be unable to obtain . Our capital requirements in connection with our promotional activities and transition to commercial operations have been and will continue to be significant. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to continue our operations, and there can be no assurance that financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Our independent auditors have expressed doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, which may hinder our ability to obtain future financing. Our independent auditors stated that our financial statements were prepared assuming that we would continue as a going concern, As a result of the going concern qualification, we may find it much more difficult to obtain financing in the future, if required. Further, any financing we do obtain may be on less favorable terms. Moreover, if the Company should fail to continue as a going concern, there is a risk of total loss of any monies invested in the Company, and it is also possible that, in such event, our shares, including those registered hereby would be of little or no value. Our operating results may fluctuate, which makes our results difficult to predict and could cause our results to fall short of expectations. Our operating results may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, many outside of our control. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and you should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. Our quarterly, year-to-date and annual expenses as a percentage of our revenues may differ significantly from our historical or projected rates. Our operating results in future quarters may fall below expectations. Any of these events could cause our stock price to fall. We rely on highly skilled personnel and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel or hire qualified personnel, we may not be able to grow effectively. Our performance largely depends on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract new technology developers and to retain and motivate our existing contractors. Government regulations could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our businesses are regulated by governmental authorities in the countries in which we operate. Because of our international operations, we must comply with diverse and evolving regulations. Regulation relates to, among other things, licensing, promotions, commercial advertising, content, including standards of decency. Changes in the regulation of our operations or changes in interpretations of existing regulations by courts or regulators or our inability to comply with current or future regulations could adversely affect us by reducing our revenues, increasing our operating expenses and exposing us to significant liabilities. We may not be able to successfully compete with direct competitors or with other forms of promotional tools. We derive a significant portion of our revenue from our national and international promotional touring business, licensing, and advertising, for which we compete with various other promotional and media groups that provide services similar to what we provide. Competition could result in price reductions, reduced margins or loss of market share, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We face competition on both country and regional levels. We cannot assure you that we can remain competitive with companies that have greater resources or that offer alternative promotional and media options. 7 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights. We believe that our trademarks, particularly the Vanity Events and Holly Vanity designs, and other proprietary rights are critical to our success, potential growth and competitive position. Accordingly, we devote substantial resources to the establishment and protection of our trademarks and proprietary rights. Our actions to establish and protect our trademarks and other proprietary rights, however, may not prevent imitation of our products by others or prevent others from claiming violations of their trademarks and proprietary rights by us. Any infringement or related claims, even if not meritorious, may be costly and time consuming to litigate, may distract management from other tasks of operating the business and may result in the loss of significant financial and managerial resources, which could harm our business, financial condition or operating results. If we engage in future acquisitions, we will incur a variety of costs and may never realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. If appropriate opportunities become available, we may attempt to acquire businesses, products or technologies that we believe are a strategic fit with our business. If we do undertake any transaction of this sort, the process of integrating an acquired business, product or technology may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures and may absorb significant management attention that would otherwise be available for ongoing development of our business. Moreover, we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of any acquisition. Future acquisitions could dilute existing stockholders' ownership interest in us and could cause us to incur debt, exposing us to future liabilities. Risks Relating to Our Common Stock There is currently no trading market for our common stock, and liquidity of shares of our common stock is limited. Our shares of common stock are not registered under the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction, and accordingly there is no public trading market for our common stock. Further, no public trading market is expected to develop in the foreseeable future unless and until the Company completes a business combination with an operating business and the Company thereafter files a registration statement under the Securities Act. Therefore, outstanding shares of our common stock cannot be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred unless subsequently registered pursuant to, or exempt from registration under, the Securities Act and any other applicable federal or state securities laws or regulations. Shares of our common stock cannot be sold under the exemptions from registration provided by Rule 144 under or Section 4(1) of the Securities Act, in accordance with the letter from Richard K. Wulff, Chief of the Office of Small Business Policy of the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Division of Corporation Finance, to Ken Worm of NASD Regulation, dated January 21, 2000. This letter provides that certain private transfers of the shares of common stock also may be prohibited without registration under federal securities laws. Compliance with the criteria for securing exemptions under federal securities laws and the securities laws of the various states is extremely complex, especially in respect of those exemptions affording flexibility and the elimination of trading restrictions in respect of securities received in exempt transactions and subsequently disposed of without registration under the Securities Act or state securities laws. The Company may be subject to certain tax consequences in our business, which may increase our costs of doing business. We may not be able to structure our acquisition to result in tax-free treatment for the companies or their stockholders, which could deter third parties from entering into certain business combinations with us or result in being taxed on consideration received in a transaction. Currently, a transaction may be structured so as to result in tax-free treatment to both companies, as prescribed by various federal and state tax provisions. We intend to structure any business combination so as to minimize the federal and state tax consequences to both us and the target entity; however, we cannot guarantee that the business combination will meet the statutory requirements of a tax-free reorganization or that the parties will obtain the intended tax-free treatment upon a transfer of stock or assets. A non-qualifying reorganization could result in the imposition of both federal and state taxes that may have an adverse effect on both parties to the transaction. 8 There is no public market for our common stock, nor have we ever paid dividends on our common stock. There is no public trading market for our common stock and none is expected to develop in the foreseeable future unless and until the Company completes a business combination with an operating business and such business files a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Additionally, we have never paid dividends on our Common Stock and do not presently intend to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that any funds available for payment of dividends will be re-invested into the Company to further its business strategy. Authorization of preferred stock. Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock with designations, rights and preferences determined from time to time by its Board of Directors. Accordingly, our Board of Directors is empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting, or other rights which could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of the common stock. In the event of issuance, the preferred stock could be utilized, under certain circumstances, as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company. Although we have no present intention to issue any shares of its authorized preferred stock, there can be no assurance that the Company will not do so in the future. The Company arbitrarily determined the offering price and terms of the Shares offered through this Prospectus . The price of the Shares has been arbitrarily determined and bears no relationship to the assets or book value of the Company, or other customary investment criteria. No independent counsel or appraiser has been retained to value the Shares, and no assurance can be made that the offering price is in fact reflective of the underlying value of the Shares offered hereunder. Each prospective investor is therefore urged to consult with his or her own legal counsel and tax advisors as to the offering price and terms of the Shares offered hereunder. The Shares are an illiquid investment and transferability of the Shares is subject to significant restriction . There are substantial restrictions on the transfer of the Shares. Therefore, the purchase of the Shares must be considered a long-term investment acceptable only for prospective investors who are willing and can afford to accept and bear the substantial risk of the investment for an indefinite period of time. There is not a public market for the resale of the Shares. A prospective investor, therefore, may not be able to liquidate its investment, even in the event of an emergency, and Shares may not be acceptable as collateral for a loan. Our shares are subject to the U.S. “Penny Stock” Rules and investors who purchase our shares may have difficulty re-selling their shares as the liquidity of the market for our shares may be adversely affected by the impact of the “Penny Stock” Rules. Our stock is subject to U.S. “Penny Stock” rules, which may make the stock more difficult to trade on the open market. Our common shares are not currently traded on the OTCBB, but it is the Company’s plan that the common shares be quoted on the OTCBB. A “penny stock” is generally defined by regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) as an equity security with a market price of less than US$5.00 per share. However, an equity security with a market price under US$5.00 will not be considered a penny stock if it fits within any of the following exceptions: (i) the equity security is listed on NASDAQ or a national securities exchange; (ii) the issuer of the equity security has been in continuous operation for less than three years, and either has (a) net tangible assets of at least US$5,000,000, or (b) average annual revenue of at least US$6,000,000; or (iii) the issuer of the equity security has been in continuous operation for more than three years, and has net tangible assets of at least US$2,000,000. Our common stock does not currently fit into any of the above exceptions. If an investor buys or sells a penny stock, SEC regulations require that the investor receive, prior to the transaction, a disclosure explaining the penny stock market and associated risks. Furthermore, trading in our common stock will be subject to Rule 15g-9 of the Exchange Act, which relates to non-NASDAQ and non-exchange listed securities. Under this rule, broker/dealers who recommend our securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors must make a special written suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser’s written agreement to a transaction prior to sale. Securities are exempt from this rule if their market price is at least $5.00 per share. Since our common stock is currently deemed penny stock regulations, it may tend to reduce market liquidity of our common stock, because they limit the broker/dealers’ ability to trade, and a purchaser’s ability to sell, the stock in the secondary market. 9 The low price of our common stock has a negative effect on the amount and percentage of transaction costs paid by individual shareholders. The low price of our common stock also limits our ability to raise additional capital by issuing additional shares. There are several reasons for these effects. First, the internal policies of certain institutional investors prohibit the purchase of low-priced stocks. Second, many brokerage houses do not permit low-priced stocks to be used as collateral for margin accounts or to be purchased on margin. Third, some brokerage house policies and practices tend to discourage individual brokers from dealing in low-priced stocks. Finally, broker’s commissions on low-priced stocks usually represent a higher percentage of the stock price than commissions on higher priced stocks. As a result, the Company’s shareholders may pay transaction costs that are a higher percentage of their total share value than if our share price were substantially higher. For more information about penny stocks, contact the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549, or by telephone at (202) 551-6551 . 10 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Some of the statements contained in this Registration Statement that are not historical facts are "forward-looking statements" which can be identified by the use of terminology such as "estimates," "projects," "plans," "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "intends," or the negative or other variations, or by discussions of strategy that involve risks and uncertainties. We urge you to be cautious of the forward-looking statements, that such statements, which are contained in this Registration Statement, reflect our current beliefs with respect to future events and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors affecting our operations, market growth, services, products and licenses. No assurances can be given regarding the achievement of future results, as actual results may differ materially as a result of the risks we face, and actual events may differ from the assumptions underlying the statements that have been made regarding anticipated events. Factors that may cause actual results, our performance or achievements, or industry results, to differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements include without limitation: • our ability to attract and retain management; • our growth strategies; • anticipated trends in our business; • our future results of operations; • our ability to make or integrate acquisitions; • our liquidity and ability to finance our acquisition and development activities; • the timing, cost and procedure for proposed acquisitions; • the impact of government regulation; • estimates regarding future net revenues; • planned capital expenditures (including the amount and nature thereof); • estimates, plans and projections relating to acquired properties; • our financial position, business strategy and other plans and objectives for future operations; • the possibility that our acquisitions may involve unexpected costs; • competition; • the ability of our management team to execute its plans to meet its goals; • general economic conditions, whether internationally, nationally or in the regional and local market areas in which we are doing business, that may be less favorable than expected; and • other economic, competitive, governmental, legislative, regulatory, geopolitical and technological factors that may negatively impact our businesses, operations and pricing. All written and oral forward-looking statements made in connection with this Form S-1 that are attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. Given the uncertainties that surround such statements, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. USE OF PROCEEDS This prospectus relates to shares of our common stock that may be offered and sold from time to time by the selling stockholders. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares of common stock in this offering. 11 DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE The pricing of the Shares has been arbitrarily determined and established by the Company. No independent accountant or appraiser has been retained to protect the interest of the investors. No assurance can be made that the offering price is in fact reflective of the underlying value of the Shares. Each prospective investor is urged to consult with his or her counsel and/or accountant as to offering price and the terms and conditions of the Shares. Factors to be considered in determining the price include the amount of capital expected to be required, the market for securities of entities in a new business venture, projected rates of return expected by prospective investors of speculative investments, the Company’s prospects for success and prices of similar entities. DILUTION Not applicable. We are not offering any shares in this registration statement. All shares are being registered on behalf of our selling shareholders. 12 SELLING SHAREHOLDERS The selling shareholders named below are selling the securities. The table assumes that all of the securities will be sold in this offering. However, any or all of the securities listed below may be retained by any of the selling shareholders, and therefore, no accurate forecast can be made as to the number of securities that will be held by the selling shareholders upon termination of this offering. The selling shareholders will offer their shares at $.25 per share until the Company’s shares are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board and, assuming we secure this qualification, thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. We will not receive proceeds from the sale of shares from the selling shareholders. These selling shareholders acquired their shares by purchase in a single private placement exempt from registration under section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. We believe that the selling shareholders listed in the table have sole voting and investment powers with respect to the securities indicated. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the securities by the selling shareholders. No selling shareholders are broker-dealers or affiliates of broker-dealers. Stockholder Beneficial Ownership Before Offering (i) (ii) Percentage of Common Stock Before Offering (i) (ii) Shares of Common Stock Included in Prospectus (v) Beneficial Ownership After the Offering (iii) Percentage of Common Stock Owned After the Offering (iii) Ahava Investments 502,401 3.14 125,600 376,801 2.36 Golino Stiftung 525,769 3.28 131,442 394,326 2.47 Bagtown Portfolio Inc. 584,187 3.65 146,047 438,141 2.74 Friedrich Active Asset Management 549,136 3.43 137,284 411,852 2.58 Damon Testaverde 292,094 1.82 73,023 219,070 1.37 A&N Enterprises LLC 292,094 1.82 73,023 219,070 1.37 Tiburon Capital Group 438,141 2.74 109,535 328,605 2.06 Touchdown Capital 146,047 * 36,512 109,535 * Rubin Family Irrevocable Stock Trust 701,025 4.38 175,256 525,769 3.29 Paul Schwartzenbach 23,367 * 5,842 17,526 * Marco Blaser 14,020 * 3,505 10,515 * Christine Zimmermann 23,367 * 5,842 17,526 * Ahava Investments 233,675 1.46 58,419 175,256 1.10 Golino Stiftung 146,047 * 36,512 109,535 * Bagtown Portfolio 93,470 * 23,367 70,102 * Friedrich Active Asset Management 175,256 1.09 43,814 131,442 * David Garcia 186,940 1.16 46,735 140,205 * Caroline Friedrich 52,577 * 13,144 39,433 * Michael Friedrich 338,829 2.11 84,707 254,122 1.59 Sichenzia Ross et al. 350,512 2.19 87,628 262,884 1.64 Sasha Badiali 495,074 3.09 123,769 371,306 2.32 Cyranno Devanthey 141,450 * 35,362 106,087 * Daniel Gasser 297,045 1.85 74,261 222,784 1.39 Selcuk Oezyurt 141,450 * 35,362 106,087 * Robert Nagy 141,450 * 35,362 106,087 * Gregor Klomp 565,799 3.53 141,450 424,349 2.65 Fabian Gruber 297,045 1.85 74,261 222,784 1.39 Nomasis AG 141,450 * 35,362 106,087 * Valbewo Portfolio Ltd. 707,249 4.42 176,812 530,437 3.32 Caroline Friedrich 116,837 * 29,209 87,628 * Javier Garcia 408,931 2.55 102,233 306,698 1.92 Affairs Financieres S.A. 1,168,375 7.30 292,094 876,281 5.48 Biloxi Associates Ltd. 300,000 1.87 75,000 225,000 1.41 Alfred John Clarks 300,000 1.87 75,000 225,000 1.41 Barry Kolevzon 100,000 * 25,000 75,000 * Total 12,042,646 2,747,777 9,031,985 *Represents less than 1%. 13 (i) These columns represent the aggregate maximum number and percentage of shares that the selling stockholders can own at one time (and therefore, offer for resale at any one time); none of the selling stockholders are broker-dealers. (ii) The number and percentage of shares beneficially owned is determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such rule, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which the selling stockholders has sole or shared voting power or investment power and also any shares, which the selling stockholders has the right to acquire within 60 days. The percentage of shares owned by each selling stockholder is based on 15,989,094 shares issued and outstanding as of June 1, 2008. (iii) Assumes that all securities registered will be sold. (v) Number of shares includes shares issued to the selling stockholders in connection with the private offering of securities by the Company. There were a total of 10,540,597 shares of the Company’s common stock issued to purchasers in the private offering, of which 2,747,777 are being registered pursuant to this registration statement. In addition, there were a total of 350,512 shares issued to the law firm of Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP which received such shares for legal services provided to the Company, of which 87,628 are being registered pursuant to this registration statement. 14 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION The selling stockholders and any of their respective pledgees, donees, assignees and other successors-in-interest may, from time to time, sell any or all of their shares of common stock on any stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the shares are traded or in private transactions. These sales may be at fixed or negotiated prices. The selling stockholders may use any one or more of the following methods when selling shares: • ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits the purchaser; • block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the shares as agent but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal • facilitate the transaction; • purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account; • an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange; • privately-negotiated transactions; • broker-dealers may agree with the selling stockholders to sell a specified number of such shares at a stipulated price per share; • through the writing of options on the shares; • a combination of any such methods of sale; and • any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law. The selling stockholders may also sell shares under Rule 144 of the Securities Act, if available, rather than under this prospectus. The selling stockholders shall have the sole and absolute discretion not to accept any purchase offer or make any sale of shares if it deems the purchase price to be unsatisfactory at any particular time. The selling stockholders or their respective pledgees, donees, transferees or other successors in interest, may also sell the shares directly to market makers acting as principals and/or broker-dealers acting as agents for themselves or their customers. Such broker-dealers may receive compensation in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions from the selling stockholders and/or the purchasers of shares for whom such broker-dealers may act as agents or to whom they sell as principal or both, which compensation as to a particular broker-dealer might be in excess of customary commissions. Market makers and block purchasers purchasing the shares will do so for their own account and at their own risk. It is possible that a selling stockholder will attempt to sell shares of common stock in block transactions to market makers or other purchasers at a price per share which may be below the then existing market price. We cannot assure that all or any of the shares offered in this prospectus will be issued to, or sold by, the selling stockholders. The selling stockholders and any brokers, dealers or agents, upon effecting the sale of any of the shares offered in this prospectus, may be deemed to be "underwriters" as that term is defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1933, as amended, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of such acts. In such event, any commissions received by such broker-dealers or agents and any profit on the resale of the shares purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts under the Securities Act. We are required to pay all fees and expenses incident to the registration of the shares, including fees and disbursements of counsel to the selling stockholders, but excluding brokerage commissions or underwriter discounts. The selling stockholders, alternatively, may sell all or any part of the shares offered in this prospectus through an underwriter. The selling stockholders have not entered into any agreement with a prospective underwriter and there is no assurance that any such agreement will be entered into. The selling stockholders may pledge their shares to their brokers under the margin provisions of customer agreements. If a selling stockholder defaults on a margin loan, the broker may, from time to time, offer and sell the pledged shares. The selling stockholders and any other persons participating in the sale or distribution of the shares will be subject to applicable provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations under such Act, including, without limitation, Regulation M. These provisions may restrict certain activities of, and limit the timing of purchases and sales of any of the shares by, the selling stockholders or any other such person. In the event that any of the selling stockholders are deemed an affiliated purchaser or distribution participant within the meaning of Regulation M, then the selling stockholders will not be permitted to engage in short sales of common stock. Furthermore, under Regulation M, persons engaged in a distribution of securities are prohibited from simultaneously engaging in market making and certain other activities with respect to such securities for a specified period of time prior to the commencement of such distributions, subject to specified exceptions or exemptions. In addition, if a short sale is deemed to be a stabilizing activity, then the selling stockholders will not be permitted to engage in a short sale of our common stock. All of these limitations may affect the marketability of the shares. If a selling stockholder notifies us that it has a material arrangement with a broker-dealer for the resale of the common stock, then we would be required to amend the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, and file a prospectus supplement to describe the agreements between the selling stockholder and the broker-dealer. 15 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES Our authorized capital consists of 85,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $.0001 per share (the “Common Stock”) and 10,000,000 are shares of preferred stock, par value $.0001 per share (the “Preferred Stock”). At the close of business on June 1, 2008, the Company had 15,989,094 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. Common Stock Holders of the Company’s common stock are entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a stockholder vote. Holders of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights. Therefore, holders of a majority of the shares of common stock voting for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Holders of the Company’s common stock representing a majority of the voting power of the Company’s capital stock issued, outstanding and entitled to vote, represented in person or by proxy, are necessary to constitute a quorum at any meeting of stockholders. A vote by the holders of a majority of the Company’s outstanding shares is required to effectuate certain fundamental corporate changes such as liquidation, merger or an amendment to the Company’s articles of incorporation. Holders of the Company’s common stock are entitled to share in all dividends that the board of directors, in its discretion, declares from legally available funds. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each outstanding share entitles its holder to participate pro rata in all assets that remain after payment of liabilities and after providing for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. The Company’s common stock has no pre-emptive rights, no conversion rights and there are no redemption provisions applicable to the Company’s common stock. Preferred Stock Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock with designations, rights and preferences determined from time to time by its Board of Directors. Accordingly, our Board of Directors is empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting, or other rights which could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of the common stock. In the event of issuance, the preferred stock could be utilized, under certain circumstances, as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company. Although we have no present intention to issue any shares of its authorized preferred stock, there can be no assurance that the Company will not do so in the future Transfer Agent and Registrar The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Olde Monmouth Stock Transfer. INTERESTS OF NAMED EXPERTS AND COUNSEL The validity of the shares of common stock offered hereby will be passed upon for the Registrant by Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP (“SRFF”), 61 Broadway, 32 nd Fl., New York, NY 10006. A total of 350,512 shares issued to SRFF in consideration for legal services provided to the Company, of which 87,628 are being registered pursuant to this registration statement. 16 BUSINESS Vanity was organized as a Delaware Corporation on August 25, 2004. As discussed further below, Vanity is in the business of licensing images and promoting merchandise and events, primarily though it’s group of touring swimsuit models. Vanity’s models are available to travel throughout the world and draw attention to companies, merchandise, brand names, and events, including swimsuit competitions, calendar signings, and auto shows. Initially, Vanity began operations as Circuit Girls on the swimsuit circuit in Southern Florida. After establishing a reputation for excellence in the Southeast, it has expanded its circuit to include the greater U.S. domestic market as well as internationally. On April 7, 2008, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the “Agreement”) with Vanity Holding Group, Inc., a private company formed under the laws of Delaware, and the shareholders of Vanity Holding Group, Inc. (the “Vanity Shareholders”) pursuant to which the Company acquired (the “Acquisition”) all of the outstanding shares of common stock of Vanity Holding Group, Inc. from the Vanity Shareholders. As consideration for the acquisition of the shares of Vanity Holding Group, Inc., the Company issued an aggregate of 12,997,000 shares of Common stock, $0.001 par value to the Vanity Shareholders. In connection with the Agreement, the Company changed its name from Map V Acquisition, Inc. to Vanity Events Holding, Inc. Services Vanity is in the business of licensing images and promoting events, primarily though it’s group of touring swimsuit models. Licensing Vanity intends to develop its business primarily through the expansion of its licensing operations. Currently, Vanity maintains existing trademarks and copyrights on numerous pictures and logos of its swimsuit models. These images are licensed to Vanity’s customers, which may be: · downloaded on mobile phones; · downloaded on computers; · used as images for calendars, posters, and promotion ads; · used as images for the apparel industry; and · used as images for website promotions; With respect to the images of its swimsuit models, Vanity enters into a Model Release Agreement with each swimsuit model, whereby the model permits the use of any images taken by the Company. As of the date of the filing of this registration statement, Vanity has entered into licensing agreements for the licensing of its swimsuit model images with companies in Argentina, Chile, China, Colombia, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Germany, Korea, Mexico, Panama, Puerto Rico, Taiwan, Tokyo, United Kingdom, United States and Venezuela. Specifically, Vanity currently has in place the following licensing agreements: Licensee Name Territories Covered Stiletto Ties, Inc. United States; Worldwide Hearmuff, Inc. United States LoeyeNYC United States Navita, Inc. United States; Worldwide FunMail, Inc. North and South America; Worldwide Bravado International Group Ltd. Worldwide Plan_B Media Germany; United States; Worldwide E-Picturez Co., Ltd. Japan; Worldwide Conectium USA, Inc. Venezuela; Mexico; Colombia; Ecuador; Chile; Argentina; Puerto Rico; Dominican Republic; Characterline, Inc. Korea, Taiwan, China 17 Promotions On an “as needed” basis, Vanity retains swimsuit models to participate in promotional events. Vanity’s models are available to travel throughout the world and draw attention to companies, merchandise, brand names, and events, including swimsuit competitions, calendar signings, and auto shows. Some past events include in which our models participated include: · Ricky Williams Celebrity Weekend-Golf Tournament; · United States Auto Sound Competition World Finals Auto Show; · MGM Grand Las Vegas Swimsuit Pageant; · Daytona Bike Week; · TNT Auto Show (Trinidad); · 2 Fast 2 Loud Auto Show (Curacao); · Milwaukee Motorcycle Clothing Company Fashion Show; · The Florida Power Boat Club Poker Run; · The Home Town Wheels Auto Show; · The Forge Fashion Show; and · The Tuner Bash Auto Show. Pageants Vanity holds an International Model Search competition on an annual basis, in which the Company permits individuals to participate as VIP judges, for a fee, who will select the cover model for that year. The Company intends to further generate revenues during these events through (i) charging advertising fees to be paid by companies seeking to promote their products or services during the pageant, (ii), marketing its products and services, and (iii) promoting and selling products which include its licensed content. Market Vanity’s products touch most markets as a result of the Company’s ability to contract with mobile phone companies, poster and calendar producers, pay-per-view channels, as well as the apparel, sports and cosmetics industry. Management intends to establish sufficient contracts within these industries, and other potential markets, to give Vanity a high level of recognition. Vanity’s target markets are woman between the ages of 20 to 45, and men ages 15-55. It is management’s intent that Vanity’s target markets will use Vanity’s images, logos, prints and electronic content and labels in order to promote their business. Currently, Vanity’s target markets are: · the apparel and apparel accessories industries, which are to include logos and images for the teen market, sports market, and women/men’s market; · the cosmetics industry and the creation of products branding the Vanity name; · mobile phones; · personal and notebook computers (i.e. screen savers), videos for computers, wallpaper, etc.; · company and web site promotions for Vanity Events and/or other related products and businesses; · private Labels created for existing products to expand their sales; and · attractive media options, such as Pay-Per-View shows and distributed DVD’s. Strategy Vanity intends to develop its business through advertising in order to reach its target markets. Vanity’s strategy is to advertise through various mediums such as infomercials, pay-per-view, web site promotions, QVC, and HSN. The Company will also issue press releases and advertisements that will appear in trade magazines, newspapers, national press, trade shows and e-mail broadcasting. Competition We compete with various other productions, promotions, and media groups, including magazines, newspapers, television, radio and Internet web sites that offer customers information and services similar to what we provide. To date, our known competition in the field of swimsuit model promotions in the domestic arena include Hawaiian Tropics, Maxim and Texas Bikini. Competition could result in price reductions, reduced margins or loss of market share, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 18 We also face competition on an international level. In addition, each of our businesses competes with companies that deliver media content through the same platforms and with companies that operate in different media businesses. We cannot assure you that we can remain competitive with companies that have greater resources. Government Regulation Our businesses are regulated by governmental authorities in the countries in which we operate. Because of our local and international operations, we must comply with diverse and evolving regulations. Regulation relates to, among other things, licensing, commercial advertising, and content, including standards of decency for each participating country. Changes in the regulation of our operations or changes in interpretations of existing regulations by courts or regulators or our inability to comply with current or future regulations could adversely affect us by reducing our revenues, increasing our operating expenses and exposing us to liabilities. Employees As of February 29, 2008, Vanity had 5 employees. The Company has 3 independent contractors who provide sales and shipping services, support, and public relations. Dividends We have not declared any cash dividends on our common stock since our inception and do not anticipate paying such dividends in the foreseeable future. We plan to retain any future earnings for use in our business. Any decisions as to future payments of dividends will depend on our earnings and financial position and such other facts, as the Board of Directors deems relevant. Report to Shareholders As a result of this offering, and the effectiveness of this registration statement, we will become subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and will file current reports, periodic reports, annual reports, proxy statements, and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as required. Property Vanity currently operates out of leased property located at 43 West 33 rd Street, Suite 600, New York, New York 10001. The Vanity offices are 300 square feet and are leased for a 3 year term with rental payments of $1,000 per month. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS From time to time we may be a defendant and plaintiff in various legal proceedings arising in the normal course of our business. We are currently not a party to any material pending legal proceedings or government actions, including any bankruptcy, receivership, or similar proceedings. In addition, management is not aware of any known litigation or liabilities involving the operators of our properties that could affect our operations. Should any liabilities incurred in the future, they will be accrued based on management’s best estimate of the potential loss. As such, there is no adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flow at this time. Furthermore, Management of the Company does not believe that there are any proceedings to which any director, officer, or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record of the beneficially or more than five percent of the common stock of the Company, or any associate of any such director, officer, affiliate of the Company, or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse to the Company. 19 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATION PLAN OF OPERATIONS Vanity, Inc. (“Vanity”) began operations on August 25, 2004 and is engaged in the business of licensing and promotions though our group of touring swimsuit models. We plan to focus our efforts on licensing and branding our trademarks. Vanity currently has 7 master licensing contracts. We have not generated any income since inception, and as of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007 have incurred a net loss of $747,881. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS This discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements included elsewhere in this report. FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2008 COMPARED TO THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2007 Revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2008 were $23,788, compared to $9,114 for the three months ended March 31, 2007. The increase in revenues was primarily a result of changing our focus on revenue generated from the licensing of our models images to Spongetech Delivery Systems for inclusion on their products generating sales of an aggregate of $22,000 to this one customer. Map V had $24,923 in operating expenses for three months ended March 31, 2008 as compared to $19,452 in operating expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2007. The increase in operating expenses was primarily a result of increased activity of the Company. Selling, General and Administrative ("SG&A") expenses consisted primarily of expenses for photos that we had in inventory, accounting for a difference of $845.00 Cost of Sales were $345 as of March 31, 2008 and $1,300 as of March 31, 2007. Total cost of sales for the three months ended March 31, 2008 decreased by $955. This was primarily attributable to higher sales revenue at $23,788 for the period ending March 31, 2008 versus $9,114 in the prior period. Net Loss was $1,480 for the period ended March 31, 2008, as compared to $11,638 for the period ended March 31, 2007. The decrease in net loss is principally attributable to higher sales revenue of $23,788 for the period ending March 31, 2008 versus $9,114 in the year ago period. Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Flows from Operating Activities. For purposes of reporting cash flows, cash includes demand deposits, time deposits, and short-term cash equivalents with original maturities of three months or less. At March 31, 2008, Map V had cash and cash equivalents of $1,490, as compared to cash and cash equivalents of $19,915 as of March 31, 2007. The difference in cash and cash equivalents is primarily attributed to no proceeds from notes payable-shareholders-net in the current period ending March 31, 2008 versus $27,050 in proceeds in notes payable-shareholders-net in the prior year. Liabilities . As of March 31, 2008, Map V had total current liabilities of $74,572, as compared to $53,428 for the period ended December 31, 2007. The difference in total current liability is primarily attributed to outstanding accounts payable and accrued expenses of $21,144 versus none in the prior year. Off Balance Sheet Arrangements : None. FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2007 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2006 Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2007 were $11,259, compares to $45,931 for the year ended December 31 2006. The decrease in revenues was primarily a result of less activity of the Company. Operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2007 were $68,746 as compared to $613,553 in operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2006. The decrease in operating expenses was primarily a result of less activity of the Company. 20 Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Flows from Operating Activities. For purposes of reporting cash flows, cash includes demand deposits, time deposits, and short-term cash equivalents with original maturities of three months or less. At December 31, 2007, Vanity had cash and cash equivalents of $4,825. As of December 31, 2007, Vanity had no short term liabilities, and maintained $53,428 in long term liabilities, which were primarily the result of loans from shareholders. Off Balance Sheet Arrangements : None. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Effect of Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material affect on the accompanying financial statements. Income Taxes None. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In February 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued SFAS No. 155, “Accounting for Certain Hybrid Financial Instruments - An Amendment of FASB Statements No. 133 and 140,” (“SFAS 155”). SFAS 155 provides entities with relief from having to separately determine the fair value of an embedded derivative that would otherwise be required to be bifurcated from its host contract in accordance with SFAS 133. It also allows an entity to make an irrevocable election to measure such a hybrid financial instrument at fair value in its entirety, with changes in fair value recognized in earnings. SFAS 155 is effective for all financial instruments acquired, issued, or subject to a re-measurement (new basis) event occurring for fiscal years beginning after September 15, 2006. The adoption of SFAS 155 did not have a significant impact on the Company’s financial statements, results of operations and cash flows. In July 2006, the FASB issued Interpretation No. 48, “Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes - An Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109,” (“FIN 48”). FIN 48 provides guidance on the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. FIN 48 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosures, and transition. FIN 48 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2006. The adoption of this standard did not have a significant impact on the Company’s financial statements results of operations and cash flows. In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157, “Fair Value Measurement,” (“SFAS 157”). SFAS 157 simplifies and codifies guidance on fair value measurements under generally accepted accounting principles. This standard defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and prescribes expanded disclosures about fair value measurements. SFAS 157 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the effect, if any, the adoption of SFAS 157 will have on its financial statements, results of operations and cash flows. 21 In September 2006, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) issued Staff Accounting Bulletin (“SAB”) No. 108, “Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements,” (“SAB 108”). SAB 108 requires companies to evaluate the materiality of identified unadjusted errors on each financial statement and related financial statement disclosure using both the rollover approach and the iron curtain approach. The rollover approach quantifies misstatements based on the amount of the error in the current year financial statements whereas the iron curtain approach quantifies misstatements based on the effects of correcting the misstatement existing in the balance sheet at the end of the current year, irrespective of the misstatement’s year(s) origin. Financial statements would require adjustment when either approach results in quantifying a misstatement that is material. Correcting prior year financial statements for immediate errors would not require previously filed reports to be amended. SAB 108 is effective for the first fiscal year ending after November 15, 2006. The adoption of SAB 108 did not have a significant impact on the Company’s financial statements, results of operations and cash flows. In February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS 159, “The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.” SFAS 159 permits entities to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value. SFAS 159 is effective for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the effect, if any, the adoption of SFAS 159 will have on its financial statements, results of operations and cash flows MANAGEMENT Directors and Executive Officers The following table sets forth the names and ages of the members of our Board of Directors and our executive officers and the positions held by each, as of May __, 2008. The board of directors elects our executive officers annually. A majority vote of the directors who are in office is required to fill vacancies. Each director is elected for the term of one year, and until his or her successor is elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. Name Age Position Steven Moskowitz 44 President, Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer and Director Michael Cohn 41 Director Frank Lazauskas 41 Director Ronald Cosman 58 Director Executive Officers and Directors Steven Moskowitz President, Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer and Director Steven Moskowitz has been working for Vanity Holding Group, Inc. as President, CEO, and Director since May 2007. Mr. Moskowitz currently serves as the Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Spongetech delivery Systems, Inc. He has served as a director of RM Enterprises International, Inc. since April 2001 and as its Secretary since March 2, 2004. He has been a director of Western Power and Equipment Corp. (OTCBB) since February 11, 2003. Mr. Moskowitz was a director and CEO of Azurel, Ltd (OTCBB and subsequently Pink Sheet) from October 31, 2002 to October 10, 2003.He rejoined Azurel fromMay1, 2004 through July 26, 2004 as CEO and President. On July 25, 2005, he was elected as CEO and President of Azurel. He has been director of Tiburon Capital group, a privately held holding corporation, and since May 2000, he has served as Vice President of ERC Corp., a privately held marketing consultant. He served as vice President, Marketing and Business Development for H.W. Carter & Sons, a distributor of children’s clothing, from 1987 to 2002. He was President of the H.W. Carter & Sons division of Evolutions, Inc. from 1996 to1997. Mr. Moskowitz served in various capacities at Smart Style Industries, a manufacturer and distributor of children’s apparel, from 1986 to 1987 from sales assistant to Vice president Sales and Marketing. He received his B.S. in Management from Touro College in 1986. Michael Cohn CFO, Vice President, Director Michael Cohn has been a director since April 2007. Michael Cohen has been involved with startup companies for the last decade; mentoring and developing these start ups from ideas to IPOs. He began his career as a NYS EMS Paramedic, later joining Americorp Securities as a vice president in their mergers and acquisitions department. Mr. Cohen was recruited by Dafna Construction to serve as CFO and played a pivotal role in the company’s national growth and subsequent purchase. He was also vice president of Citigroup’s Corporate Finance division, managed a department in the risk management sector of Salomon Smith Barney, and served on the Board of Directors for Better on Line Solutions, Inc, Newmedia1.com, as well as several real estate holding companies. 22 Frank Lazauskas President, Director, Founder Frank Lazauskas has been a director since May 2007. He is also on the board of Spongetech Delivery systems as a director. Mr. Lazauskas is the founder and President of FJL Enterprises, Inc. and TNJ Enterprises, Inc. formed in 1999 and 1997, respectively, which own and operate eight Dominos Pizza Stores. He was elected a director of RM Enterprises International, Inc. MR. Lazauskas was a director of Azurel, Ltd. He received his B.A. in Mathematics from Central Connecticut State University in 1983. Ronald Cosman CPA, Director, Senior VP Marketing & Sales Ronald Cosman has been a director since May 2007. Mr. Coaman is currently a senior VP in marketing and sales at a major defense industry company in Switzerland they are the worldwide leaders of observation and location devices. Born in Switzerland, Mr. Cosman went to the University of Zurich and has his masters in business administration. Mr. Cosman also worked with Ernst & Young as a CPA for 5 years also worked with IBM and Hewlett Packard for 12 years and a general manager for Data General in Switzerland. Employment Agreements None. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Executive Compensation Our executive officers have not received any compensation since the date of our incorporation, and we did not accrue any compensation. Equity Compensation, Pension or Retirement Plans No retirement, pension, profit sharing, stock option or insurance programs or other similar programs have been adopted by the Company for the benefit of its employees. Audit Committee Presently, our Board of Directors is performing the duties that would normally be performed by an audit committee. We intend to form a separate audit committee, and plan to seek potential independent directors. In connection with our search, we plan to appoint an individual qualified as an audit committee financial expert. OPTIONS/SARS GRANTS DURING LAST FISCAL YEAR None. DIRECTOR COMPENSATION The Company’s directors currently serve without compensation. 23 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS We have not entered into any transactions in which any of our directors, executive officers, or affiliates, including any member of an immediate family, had or are to have a direct or indirect material interest. All of the above offerings and sales were deemed to be exempt under rule 506 of Regulation D and Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. No advertising or general solicitation was employed in offering the securities. The offerings and sales were made to a limited number of persons, all of whom were accredited investors, business associates of the Company or executive officers of the Company, and transfer was restricted by the Company in accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933. In addition to representations by the e above-referenced persons, we have made independent determinations that all of the above-referenced persons were accredited or sophisticated investors, and that they were capable of analyzing the merits and risks of their investment, and that they understood the speculative nature of their investment. Furthermore, all of the above-referenced persons were provided with access to our Securities and Exchange Commission filings. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth certain information, as of June 1, 2008, with respect to any person (including any “group”, as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)) who is known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5%) of any class of our voting securities, and as to those shares of our equity securities beneficially owned by each of our directors and executive officers and all of our directors and executive officers as a group. Unless otherwise specified in the table below, such information, other than information with respect to our directors and executive officers, is based on a review of statements filed with the Securities and Exchange commission (the “Commission”) pursuant to Sections 13 (d), 13 (f), and 13 (g) of the Exchange Act with respect to our common stock. As of June 1, 2008, there were 15,289,094 shares of our common stock outstanding. The number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by each person is determined under the rules of the Commission and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which such person has sole or shared voting power or investment power and also any shares which the individual has the right to acquire within sixty (60) days after the date hereof, through the exercise of any stock option, warrant or other right. Unless otherwise indicated, each person has sole investment and voting power (or shares such power with his or her spouse) with respect to the shares set forth in the following table. The inclusion herein of any shares deemed beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership of those shares. The table also shows the number of shares beneficially owned as of June 1, 2008 by each of our individual directors and executive officers, by our nominee directors and executive officers and by all our current directors and executive officers as a group. Name of Beneficial Owner (1) Common Stock Beneficially Owned Percentage of Common Stock Michael Cohen 146,047 * Ronald Cosman 146,047 * Frank Lauzaskas 847,072 5.3% Steven Moskowitz (2) 1,212,773 7.5% Highland Global Partners, Inc. 2,500,000 15.6% All executive officers and directors as a group (consisting of 4 individuals) 2,351,939 31.62% * Represents less than 1%. (1) Beneficial Ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock subject to options, warrants, or convertible debt currently exercisable or convertible, or exercisable or convertible within 60 days of June 1, 2008 are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person holding such option or warrant but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. Percentages are based on a total of 15,989,094 shares of common stock outstanding on June 1, 2008, and the shares issuable upon the exercise of options, warrants exercisable, and debt convertible on or within 60 days of June 1, 2008. (2) Includes 1,051,537 shares beneficially owned by Mr. Moskowitz through the Mindy & Steven Moskowitz Trust. 24 MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS OTC Bulletin Board Considerations As discussed elsewhere in this registration statement, the Company’s common stock is not currently traded on the Over the Counter Bulletin Board (“OTCBB”). To be quoted on the OTCBB, a market maker must file an application on our behalf in order to make a market for our common stock. We have engaged in preliminary discussions with an NASD Market Maker to file our application on Form 211 with the NASD, but as of the date of this prospectus, no filing has been made. Holders As of June 1, 2008, the approximate number of stockholders of record of the Common Stock of the Company was 44. Dividend Policy The Company has never declared or paid any cash dividends on its common stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the expansion of our business. As a result, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES Our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended and restated, provide to the fullest extent permitted by Section 145 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware that our directors or officers shall not be personally liable to us or our shareholders for damages for breach of such director's or officer's fiduciary duty. The effect of this provision of our Articles of Incorporation, as amended and restated, is to eliminate our rights and our shareholders (through shareholders' derivative suits on behalf of our company) to recover damages against a director or officer for breach of the fiduciary duty of care as a director or officer (including breaches resulting from negligent or grossly negligent behavior), except under certain situations defined by statute. We believe that the indemnification provisions in our Articles of Incorporation, as amended, are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. Our By Laws also provide that the Board of Directors may also authorize us to indemnify our employees or agents, and to advance the reasonable expenses of such persons, to the same extent, following the same determinations and upon the same conditions as are required for the indemnification of and advancement of expenses to our directors and officers. As of the date of this Registration Statement, the Board of Directors has not extended indemnification rights to persons other than directors and officers. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable. 25 LEGAL MATTERS The validity of our common stock offered hereby will be passed upon by Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP (“SRFF”), New York, New York. SRFF was issued an aggregate of 558,419 shares of the Company’ common stock as consideration for legal services rendered to the Company. EXPERTS The consolidated balance sheet of Vanity Event Holding, Inc. the fiscal years ended December 31, 2006 and December 31, 2007, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders' equity and cash flows appearing in this prospectus and registration statement have been so included in reliance on the Report of Drakeford & Drakeford, LLC an independent registered public accounting firm, appearing elsewhere in this prospectus, given on the authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION This prospectus does not contain all of the information in the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules that were filed with the registration statement. For further information with respect to the common stock and us, we refer you to the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules that were filed with the registration statement. Statements made in this prospectus regarding the contents of any contract, agreement or other document that is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement are not necessarily complete, and we refer you to the full text of the contract or other document filed as an exhibit to the registration statement. A copy of the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules that were filed with the registration statement may be inspected without charge at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, and at the SEC's regional offices at 500 West Madison Street, Suite 1400, Chicago, Illinois 60661, Woolworth Building and 233 Broadway New York, New York. 26 PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution The following table sets forth an itemization of all estimated expenses, all of which we will pay, in connection with the issuance and distribution of the securities being registered: Nature of Expense Amount SEC registration fee $ 32.00 Accounting fees and expenses $ 20,875 Legal fees and expenses $ 30,000 TOTAL * $ 50,913.00 * Estimated Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law provides that a corporation may indemnify directors and officers as well as other employees and individuals against expenses including attorneys' fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement in connection with various actions, suits or proceedings, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative other than an action by or in the right of the corporation, a derivative action, if they acted in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, if they had no reasonable cause to believe their conduct was unlawful. A similar standard is applicable in the case of derivative actions, except that indemnification only extends to expenses including attorneys' fees incurred in connection with the defense or settlement of such actions and the statute requires court approval before there can be any indemnification where the person seeking indemnification has been found liable to the corporation. The statute provides that it is not exclusive of other indemnification that may be granted by a corporation's certificate of incorporation, bylaws, agreement, and a vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise. The Company’s Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws provide that it will indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended from time to time, each person that such section grants us the power to indemnify. The Delaware General Corporation Law permits a corporation to provide in its certificate of incorporation that a director of the corporation shall not be personally liable to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability for: · any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders; · acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; · payments of unlawful dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions; or · any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. The Company’s Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, none of our directors will be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. Any repeal or modification of this provision will be prospective only and will not adversely affect any limitation, right or protection of a director of our company existing at the time of such repeal or modification Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities On May 29, 2008 the Company issued Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP 292,084 shares as consideration for legal services rendered. 27 On April 7, 2008, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the “Agreement”) with Vanity Holding Group, Inc. (“Vanity”), a private company formed under the laws of Delaware, and the shareholders of Vanity (the “Vanity Shareholders”) pursuant to which the Company agreed to acquire (the “Acquisition”), subject to the satisfaction of the conditions to closing as outlined in the Agreement, all of the outstanding shares of common stock of Vanity from the Vanity Shareholders. As consideration for the acquisition of the shares of Vanity, the Company agreed to issue an aggregate of 12,997,000 shares of Common stock, $0.001 par value (the “Common Stock”) to the Vanity Shareholders. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. Item 16. Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Articles of Incorporation (1) 3.2 Bylaws (1) 3.3 Amendment to the Company’s Articles of Incorporation (filed herewith) 5.1 Legality Opinion of Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP (Filed herewith) 10.1 Share Exchange Agreement dated April 7, 2008 by and among Map V Acquisition, Inc., Vanity Holding Group, Inc. and each of the shareholders of Vanity Holding Group, Inc. 23.1 Consent of Drakeford and Drakeford LLP 23.2 Consent of Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1) (1) Incorporated by reference to the Company’s report on Form 10-SB, as filed with the SEC on March 26, 2007. (2) Incorporated by reference to the Company’s report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on April 7, 2008. Item 17. Undertakings The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes to: (1) File, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement to: (i) Include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"); (ii) Reflect in the prospectus any facts or events which, individually or together, represent a fundamental change in the information in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of the securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the "Calculation of Registration Fee" table in the effective registration statement; and (iii) Include any additional or changed material information on the plan of distribution. (2) For determining liability under the Securities Act, treat each post-effective amendment as a new registration statement of the securities offered, and the offering of the securities at that time to be the initial bona fide offering. (3) File a post-effective amendment to remove from registration any of the securities that remain unsold at the end of the offering. 28 Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the Company pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the Company has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the Company of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the Company in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the Company will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. Each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A , shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. 29 SIGNATURES In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the requirements of filing on Form S-1 and authorized this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, in on June 11, 2008. VANITY EVENTS HOLDING, INC. June 11, 2008 By: /s/ Steven Y. Moskowitz Steven Y. Moskowitz Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Principal Accounting Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSON BY THESE PRESENTS that each individual whose signature appears below constitute and appoints Steven Y. Moskowitz and each of his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities (including his capacity as a director and/or officer), to sign any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments) to this Registration Statement, and to sign any registration statement for the same offering covered by the Registration Statement that is to be effective upon filing pursuant to Rule 462(b) promulgated under the Securities Act, and all post-effective amendments thereto, and to file the same, will all exhibits thereto, and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or either of them, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done or by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Steven Y. Moskowitz Director, President, Chief Executive Officer and Principal June 11, 2008 Steven Moskowitz Executive Officer(Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Michael Cohn Director June 11, 2008 Michael Cohn /s/ Frank Lazauskas Director June 11, 2008 Frank Lazauskas /s/ Ronald Cosman Director June 11, 2008 Ronald Cosman 30 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2007 and 2006 F-3 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 and August 25, 2004 (inception) to December 31, 2007 F-4 Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 and August 25, 2004 (inception) to December 31, 2007 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 and August 25, 2004 (inception) to December 31, 2007 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 - F-12 F-1 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Board of Directors and Stockholders VANITY EVENTS HOLDING, INC. We have audited the balance sheets of VANITY EVENTS HOLDING, INC. (a development stage company) as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Also, an audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of VANITY EVENTS HOLDING, INC., as of December 31, 2007 and 2006 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the two years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note B to the financial statements, the Company has incurred operating losses for the period August 25, 2004 (inception) to December 31, 2007, has no significant revenues and has not commenced planned principal operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans regarding those matters are also described in Note B. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. /s/ Drakeford & Drakeford, LLC Drakeford & Drakeford, LLC New York, New York February 28, 2008 F-2 VANITY EVENTS HOLDING, INC. (A Development Stage Company) BALANCE SHEETS December 31, December 31, ASSETS 2007 2006 CURRENT ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents $ 4,825 $ 4,503 Total current assets 4,825 4,503 OTHER ASSETS Trade mark 4,800 4,800 Photographs 44,422 40,350 Security deposit 0 4,950 Total other assets 49,222 50,100 TOTAL ASSETS $ 54,047 $ 54,603 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES $ 0 $ 0 Total current liabilities 0 0 LONG-TERM LIABILITIES Loans payable-shareholders 53,428 36,497 Total long-term liabilities 53,428 36,497 STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Preferred stock authorized 5,000,000 shares, $.0001 par value each. At December 31, 2007and 2006 there are no shares outstanding 0 0 Common stock authorized 100,000,000 shares, $.0001 par value each. At December 31, 2007 and 2006 there are 21,392,103 shares and 21,192,103 shares outstanding, respectively 2,139 2,119 Additional paid in capital 746,361 706,381 Deficit accumulated during the development stage (747,881 ) (690,394 ) Total stockholders’ equity 619 18,106 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY $ 54,047 $ 54,603 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements . F-3 VANITY EVENTS HOLDING, INC. (A Development Stage Company) STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS For the years ended August 25, 2004, (inception) December 31, 2007 December 31, 2006 to December 31, 2007 Revenue $ 11,259 $ 45,931 $ 130,756 Cost of Sales Model and make-up cost 0 35,301 64,155 Total cost of sales 0 35,301 64,155 Gross profit 11,259 10,630 66,601 Operating Expenses Salaries 7,786 49,575 65,461 Selling, general and administrative 60,960 563,978 750,615 Total operating expenses 68,746 613,553 816,076 Net loss from operations (57,487 ) (602,923 ) (749,475 ) Other income (expenses)-interest 0 _ 1,594 1,594 Net loss $ (57,487 ) $ (601,329 ) $ (747,881 ) Basic and diluted loss per common share $ (.00 ) $ (.03 ) $ (.05 ) Weighted average shares outstanding 21,292,103 19,445,103 14,121,877 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements F-4 VANITY EVENTS HOLDING, INC. ( A Development Stage Company) STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Deficit Accumulated Common stock Additional During Development Shares Amount Paid in Capital Stage Total Issuance of common stock for cash 1,000,000 $ 100 $ 0 $ 0 100 Net income- inception to December 31, 2004 6,803 6,803 Balance at December 31, 2004 1,000,000 100 0 6,803 6,903 Issuance of common stock for cash 16,698,103 1,670 229,730 231,400 Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2005 (95,868 ) (95,868 ) Balance at December 31, 2005 17,698,103 1,770 229,730 (89,065 ) 142,435 Issuance of common stock for cash 3,494,000 349 476,651 477,000 Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2006 (601,329 ) (601,329 ) Balance at December 31,2006 21,192,103 2,119 706,381 (690,394 ) 18,106 Issuance of common stock for cash 200,000 20 39,980 40,000 Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2007 (57,487 ) (57,487 ) Balance at December 31, 2007 21,392,103 $ 2,139 $ 746,361 $ (747,881 ) $ 619 The accompanying notes are an integral part of this statement. F-5 VANITY EVENTS HOLDING, INC. ( A Development Stage Company) STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS August 25, 2004, For the year ended For the year ended (inception) to December 31, 2007 December 31, 2006 December 31, 2007 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss $ (57,487 ) $ (601,329 ) $ (747,881 ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid rent 0 9,900 0 Loan receivable 0 19,250 0 Security deposit 4,950 0 0 Cash used by operating activities (52,537 ) (572,179 ) (747,881 ) INVESTING ACTIVITIES Other assets (4,072 ) (39,622 ) (49,222 ) Cash used by investing activities (4,072 ) (39,622 ) (49,222 ) FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES Proceeds from notes payable-shareholders,net 16,931 3,019 43,778 Issuance of common stock for cash 40,000 477,000 748,500 Cash provided by financing activities 56,931 480,019 792,278 NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH 322 (131,782 ) 4,825 CASH BALANCE BEGINNING OF PERIOD 4,503 136,285 0 CASH BALANCE END OF PERIOD $ 4,825 $ 4,503 $ 4,825 Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information: Interest $ 0 $ 0 $ 0 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements F-6 VANITY EVENTS HOLDING, INC. ( A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2007 NOTE A – BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 1. Nature of Operations/ Basis of Presentation Nature of Operations VANITY EVENTS HOLDING, INC . (the “Company”), was organized as a Delaware Corporation on August 25, 2004, and is in the business of licensing and promotions through its group of touring swimsuit models. The Company is a development stage entity that provides entertainment and attracts attention at events, including swimsuit competitions, calendar signings, and auto shows. Basis of Presentation and Accounting Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 3. Cash Equivalents Investments having an original maturity of 90 days or less that are readily convertible into cash are considered to be cash equivalents. During the period from August 25, 2004 (date of inception) thru December 31, 2007, the Company had no cash equivalents. 4. Other Assets Trade marks and photographs are stated at cost and are to be amortized over their estimated useful lives. F-7 VANITY EVENTS HOLDING, INC. ( A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2007 NOTE A – BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 4. Other Assets The estimated service lives of trade marks and photographs are principally as follows: Trade marks 10-15 years Photographs 5- 7 years As of December 31, 2007, the other assets have not been placed in use so there has not been any amortization expensed. F-8 VANITY EVENTS HOLDING, INC. ( A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) December 31, 2007 NOTE A – BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 5. Advertising Cost Advertising cost are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense totaled $ 3,000 and $ 6,675 for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 and $ 13,162 from August 25, 2004 (date of inception) to December 31, 2007. 6. Recently Enacted Accounting Standards Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material affect on the accompanying financial statements. 7. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, accounts receivable allowance, fair value of investments, fair value of acquired intangible assets and goodwill, useful lives of intangible assets and property and equipment, deemed value of common stock for the purpose of determining stock-based compensation, and income taxes, among others. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. The Company’s board of directors determines the fair market value of the Company’s common stock in the absence of a public market for these shares. F-9 VANITY EVENTS HOLDING, INC. ( A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) December 31, 2007 8. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The carrying amounts of the Company’s financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, approximate fair value because of their short maturities. NOTE B—GOING CONCERN/DEVELOPMEMT STAGE ENTITY The Company is a development stage Company and has not commenced planned principal operations. The Company had no significant revenues and has incurred losses of $765,810 for the period August 25, 2004 (inception) to December 31, 2007. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. There can be no assurance that sufficient funds required during the next year or thereafter will be generated from operations or that funds will be available from external sources such as debt or equity financings or other potential sources. The lack of additional capital resulting from the inability to generate cash flow from operations or to raise capital from external sources would force the Company to substantially curtail or cease operations and would, therefore, have a material adverse effect on its business. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that any such required funds, if available, will be available on attractive terms or that they will not have a significant dilutive effect on the Company’s existing stockholders. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability of classification of asset-carrying amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. NOTE C--LOSS PER SHARE The computation of loss per share is based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period presented. Diluted loss per common share is the same as basic loss per common share as there are no potentially dilutive securities outstanding (options and warrants). NOTE D - INCOME TAXES The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method described in SFAS No. 109, “Accounting For Income Taxes”, the objective of which is to establish deferred tax assets and liabilities for the temporary differences between the financial reporting and the tax basis of the Company’s assets and liabilities at the enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when such amounts are realized or settled. A valuation allowance related to deferred tax assets is recorded when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company recorded a deferred income tax asset for the effect of net operating loss carryforwards. In recognition of the uncertainty regarding the ultimate amount of income tax benefits to be derived, the Company has recorded a full valuation allowance at December 31, 2007. F-10 VANITY EVENTS HOLDING, INC. ( A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) December 31, 2007 NOTE E – RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS The Company has two loans payable of $ 20,300 to RM Enterprises and $ 33,128 to a stockholder at December 31, 2007. The loans are non-interest bearing and are payable on demand. The Company has no employment contracts in force as of December 31, 2007. NOTE F – COMMON STOCK ISSUANCES As of December 31, 2004, the Company sold an aggregate of 1,000,000 for an aggregate cash consideration of $100 or for an average price of $.0001 per share. As of December 31, 2005, the Company sold an aggregate of 16,698,103 shares of common stock for an aggregate of $231,400 or for an average cost $.014 per share. As of December 31, 2006, the Company sold an aggregate of 3,494,000 for an aggregate cash consideration of $477,000 or for an average price of $.14 per share. As of December 31, 2007, the Company sold an aggregate of 200,000 for an aggregate cash consideration of $40,000 or for an average price of $.02 per share. F-11 VANITY EVENTS HOLDING, INC. ( A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) December 31, 2007 NOTE G - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Lease agreements: The Company currently operates out of leased property located at 43 West 33 rd Street, Suite 600, New York, New York. The terms of the lease are month to month by a related party at a monthly lease cost of $1,000. F-12 MAP V ACQUISITION, INC. MARCH 31, 2008 QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements 4 Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation 10 Item 3. Controls and Procedures 12 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 13 Item 1A. Risk Factors 13 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 13 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 13 Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 13 Item 5. Other Information 13 Item 6. Exhibits 13 SIGNATURES 14 1 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MAP V ACQUISITION, INC. ( A Development Stage Company) BALANCE SHEETS Unaudited March 31, 2008 December 31, 2007 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,490 $ 4,825 Accounts receivable 22,999 0 Total current assets 24,489 4,825 OTHER ASSETS Trade mark 4,800 4,800 Photographs 44,422 44,422 Total other assets 49,222 $ 49,222 TOTAL ASSETS $ 73,711 $ 54,047 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES Accounts payable and accrued expenses $ 21,144 $ 0 Accrued legal expense 53,428 53,428 Total current liabilities 74,572 53,428 Long term liabilities 0 0 STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICEINCY) Preferred stock authorized 5,000,000 shares, $.0001 par value each. At March 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, there are no shares outstanding 0 0 Common stock authorized 100,000,000 shares, $.0001 par value each. At March 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, there are 21,392,103 shares outstanding 2,139 2,139 Additional paid in capital 746,361 746,361 Deficit accumulated during the development stage (749,361 ) (747,881 ) Total stockholders’ equity (deficit) (861 ) 619 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIENCY) $ 73,711 $ 54,047 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements . 2 MAP V ACQUISITION, INC. ( A Development Stage Company) STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Unaudited August 25, For the three months Ended 2004, (inception) March 31, to March 31, 2008 2007 2008 Revenue $ 23,788 $ 9,114 $ 154,544 Cost of Sales Model and make-up cost 345 1,300 64,500 Total cost of sales 345 1,300 64,500 Gross profit 23,443 7,814 90,044 Operating Expenses Salaries -0- 8,050 65,461 Selling, general and administrative 24,923 11,402 775,538 Total operating expenses 24,923 19,452 840,999 Net loss from operations (1,480 ) (11,638 ) (750,955 ) Other income (expenses)-interest 0 0 1,594 Net loss $ (1,480 ) $ (11,638 ) $ (749,361 ) Basic and diluted loss per common share $ (.00 ) $ (.00 ) Weighted average shares outstanding 21,392,103 19,445,103 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements 3 MAP V ACQUISITION, INC. ( A Development Stage Company) STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Unaudited August 25, 2004, For the three months For the three months (inception) to March 31, March 31, 2008 March 31, 2007 2008 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss $ (1,480 ) $ (11,638 ) $ (749,361 ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable (22,999 ) (22,999) Prepaid rent 0 0 0 Loan receivable 0 0 0 Security deposit Accounts payable and accrued expenses 21,144 0 21,144 Cash used by operating activities (3,335 ) (11,638 ) (751,216 ) INVESTING ACTIVITIES Other asset (49,222 ) Cash used by investing activities (49,222 ) FINANCIAL ACTIVITIES Proceeds from notes payable-shareholders, net 27,050 53,428 Issuance of common stock for cash 0 748,500 Cash provided by financing activities -0 - 27,050 801,928 NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH (3,335) 15,412 1,490 CASH BALANCE BEGINNING OF PERIOD 4,825 4,503 0 CASH BALANCE END OF PERIOD $ 1,490 $ 19,915 $ 1,490 Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information: Interest $ 0 $ 0 $ 0 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements 4 MAP V ACQUISITION, INC. ( A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS March 31, 2008 NOTE A – BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 1. Nature of Operations/ Basis of Presentation Nature of Operations MAP V ACQUISITION, INC. (the “Company”), was organized as a Delaware Corporation on August 25, 2004, and is in the business of licensing and promotions through its group of touring swimsuit models. The Company is a development stage entity that provides entertainment and attracts attention at events, including swimsuit competitions, calendar signings, and auto shows. Basis of Presentation and Accounting Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 3. Cash Equivalents Investments having an original maturity of 90 days or less that are readily convertible into cash are considered to be cash equivalents. During the period from August 25, 2004 (date of inception) thru March 31, 2008, the Company had no cash equivalents. 4. Other Assets Trademarks and photographs are stated at cost and are to be amortized over their estimated useful lives. The estimated service lives of trademarks and photographs are principally as follows: Trade marks 10-15 years Photographs 5- 7 years As of March 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, the other assets have not been placed in use so there has not been any amortization expensed. 5. Advertising Cost Advertising cost are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense totaled $ 1,500 and $ -0- for the three months ended March 31, 2008 and 2007 and $ 14,662 from August 25, 2004 (date of inception) March 31, 2008. 6. Recently Enacted Accounting Standards Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material affect on the accompanying financial statements. 5 MAP V ACQUISITION, INC. ( A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) March 31, 2008 NOTE A – BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 7. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, accounts receivable allowance, fair value of investments, fair value of acquired intangible assets and goodwill, useful lives of intangible assets and property and equipment, deemed value of common stock for the purpose of determining stock-based compensation, and income taxes, among others. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. The Company’s board of directors determines the fair market value of the Company’s common stock in the absence of a public market for these shares. 8. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The carrying amounts of the Company’s financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, approximate fair value because of their short maturities. NOTE B—GOING CONCERN/DEVELOPMEMT STAGE ENTITY The Company is a development stage Company and has not commenced planned principal operations. The Company had no significant revenues and has incurred losses of $749,361 for the period August 25, 2004 (inception) to March 31, 2008. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. There can be no assurance that sufficient funds required during the next year or thereafter will be generated from operations or that funds will be available from external sources such as debt or equity financings or other potential sources. The lack of additional capital resulting from the inability to generate cash flow from operations or to raise capital from external sources would force the Company to substantially curtail or cease operations and would, therefore, have a material adverse effect on its business. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that any such required funds, if available, will be available on attractive terms or that they will not have a significant dilutive effect on the Company’s existing stockholders. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability of classification of asset-carrying amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. NOTE C--LOSS PER SHARE The computation of loss per share is based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period presented. Diluted loss per common share is the same as basic loss per common share as there are no potentially dilutive securities outstanding (options and warrants). 6 MAP V ACQUISITION, INC. ( A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) March 31, 2008 NOTE D – BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) NOTE D - INCOME TAXES The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method described in SFAS No. 109, “Accounting For Income Taxes”, the objective of which is to establish deferred tax assets and liabilities for the temporary differences between the financial reporting and the tax basis of the Company’s assets and liabilities at the enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when such amounts are realized or settled. A valuation allowance related to deferred tax assets is recorded when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company recorded a deferred income tax asset for the effect of net operating loss carryforwards. In recognition of the uncertainty regarding the ultimate amount of income tax benefits to be derived, the Company has recorded a full valuation allowance at March 31, 2008. NOTE E – RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Steven Moskowitz has been working for MAP V ACQUISITION, Inc. as President, CEO, and Director since May 2007. Mr. Moskowitz currently serves as the COO and Chief Financial Officer of Spongetech Delivery Systems, Inc. He has served as a director of RM Enterprises International, Inc. since April 2001 and as its Secretary since March 2, 2004. For the three months ended March 31, 2008, RM Enterprises International, Inc. is obligated to pay the Company an aggregate of $22,000 in royalty income and is reflected as an accounts receivable as of March 31, 2008. As of March 31, 2008, the Company is obligated to repay Spongetech Delivery Systems, Inc. an aggregate of $5,000 in allocated business and office expenses. NOTE F - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Lease agreements: The Company currently operates out of leased property located at 43 West 33 rd Street, Suite 600, New York, New York. The terms of the lease are month to month by a related party at a monthly lease cost of $1,000. 7
