As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 6, 200 8 Registration Number 333-148836 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Amendment No. 1 to FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 ADRENALINA (Name of Small Business Issuer in its Charter) Nevada 5600 20-8837626 (State or other jurisdiction of (Primary Standard Industrial (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Classification Code Number) Identification No.) 20855 NE 16 Avenue, Suite #C-16 Miami, Florida 33179 (Address and telephone number of principal executive offices) Jeffrey Geller President 20855 NE 16 Avenue, Suite #C-16 Miami, Florida 33179 (305) 770-4488 (Name, address and telephone number of agent for service) Copies to: Marc J. Ross, Esq. Louis A. Brilleman, Esq. Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP 61 Broadway New York, New York 10006 Tel: (212) 930-9700 Fax: (212) 930-9725 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: From time to time after the effective date of this Registration Statement. If any of the securities being registered on this form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following box. x Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of “accelerated filer”, “large accelerated filer”, “non-accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer ¨ Accelerated filer ¨ Non-accelerated filer ¨ Smaller reporting company x If this form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o If this form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o If this form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o If delivery of the prospectus is expected to be made pursuant to Rule 434, please check the following box. o CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of Each Class of Securities to be Registered Amount To Be Registered Proposed Maximum Offering Price Per Share (1) Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price Amount of Registration Fee Common Stock, par value $0.001 (2) 4,000,000 $ 1.05 $ 4,200,000 $ 165.06 Common Stock, par value $0.001 (3) 4,000,000 $ 1.05 $ 4,200,000 $ 165.06 Common Stock, par value $0.001 353,000 $ 1.05 $ 370,650 $ 13.87 Total 8,353,000 $ 343.99 (4) (1) Estimated solely for purposes of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(c) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. (2) Represents shares issuable upon exercise of convertible debentures. (3) Represents shares issuable upon exercise of warrants. (4) Previously paid. The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or date(s) as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the commission acting pursuant to said Section 8(a) may determine. The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. The securities may not be sold until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. PROSPECTUS Subject to Completion, Dated June 6, 200 8 ADRENALINA 8,353,000 Shares of Common Stock This prospectus relates to the resale by the selling stockholders of up to 8,353,000 shares of our common stock. The total number of shares sold herewith consists of: (i) 353,000 shares, (i) 4,000,000 shares issuable upon conversion of convertible debentures and (ii) 4,000,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of warrants. We are not selling any shares of common stock in this offering and therefore will not receive any proceeds from this offering. We will, however, receive proceeds from the cash exercise, if any, of warrants to purchase an aggregate of 4,000,000 shares of common stock. All costs associated with this registration will be borne by us. The selling stockholders may sell their shares in public or private transactions, at prevailing market prices or at privately negotiated prices. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the shares of common stock by the selling stockholders. Our common stock is currently traded on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol AENA. On June 2, 2008, the last reported sale price for our common stock was $1.80 per share. INVESTING IN THESE SECURITIES INVOLVES SIGNIFICANT RISKS. SEE "RISK FACTORS" BEGINNING ON PAGE 3. NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED OF THESE SECURITIES OR DETERMINED IF THIS PROSPECTUS IS TRUTHFUL OR COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. The date of this Prospectus is ___________, 2008. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Prospectus Summary 1 Risk Factors 3 Forward Looking Statements 9 Use of Proceeds 9 Management's Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation 10 Recent Financing 20 Business 25 Description of Property 32 Legal Proceedings 32 Directors and Executive Officers 33 Executive Compensation 35 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 36 Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 37 Selling Stockholders 38 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 39 Description of Securities 39 Plan of Distribution 40 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 41 Legal Matters 41 Experts 41 Where You Can Find More Information 42 Disclosure of Commission Position on Indemnification for Securities Act Liabilities 42 Index to December 31, 2007 and 2006 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 43 Index to March 31, 2008 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 44 You may only rely on the information contained in this prospectus or that we have referred you to. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with different information. This prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities other than the common stock offered by this prospectus. This prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any common stock in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. Neither the delivery of this prospectus nor any sale made in connection with this prospectus shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in our affairs since the date of this prospectus or that the information contained by reference to this prospectus is correct as of any time after its date. PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this prospectus. You should read the entire prospectus carefully, including, the section entitled "Risk Factors" before deciding to invest in our common stock. Adrenalina is referred to throughout this prospectus as "Adrenalina," the “Company,” "we" or "us." General We operate a retail entertainment, media and publishing company that is focused on the nature, and wellness lifestyle surrounding outdoor, adventure and extreme sports. We believe that we are the nation's first retailer to enhance the shopping opportunity with our mix of entertainment that includes the experience of our FlowRider®. Currently we have two stores that have opened since 2006 and we plan to expand five additional stores during the current year. During the three months ended March 31, 2008, we generated total revenues of $1,116,718 and we incurred a loss of $2,171,574. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007, we generated total revenues of $3,253,871 and we incurred a net loss of $5,766,953. Our principal executive office is located at 20855 NE 16 Avenue, Suite C-16, Miami, Florida and our telephone number at that address is (305) 770-4488. Recent Financings On December 3, 2007, we issued to two accredited investors our 5% Senior Secured Convertible Debentures in the principal amount of $3,000,000 (the “December Financing”), with quarterly interest payments commencing in January 2008. The principal amount under the debentures is payable to the investors in 18 monthly payments beginning on the 12 th month following the closing date of our offering. We may also elect to make principal payments in shares of common stock if there is then an effective registration statement with respect to the shares issuable upon conversion of the Debentures. If we elect to make principal payments in common stock, our conversion rate will be the lesser of (a) the Conversion Price (as defined below), or (b) 88% of the volume weighted average price for the ten consecutive trading days ending immediately prior to the applicable date a principal payment is due. The entire principal amount under the Debentures is due and payable 30 months after the closing date. Interest payments will be payable in cash quarterly commencing three months from the closing date. On February 28, 2008, we issued to the same investors as those involved in the December Financing our Original Issue Discount 5% Senior Secured Convertible Debentures in the principal amount of $2,500,000 (the “February Financing”). The terms of the debentures issued in the February Financing are identical to the debentures issued in the December Financing, except that quarterly interest payments commence in May 2008. At any time, the investors may convert these debentures into shares of common stock at a fixed conversion price of $0.75, subject to adjustment in the event that we issue common stock (or securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock) at a price below the conversion price (the “Conversion Price”). Following the effective date of the registration statement filed of which this prospectus forms a part, we may force conversion of the debentures issued in the December Financing if the market price of our common stock is at least $2.75 for any 20 out of 30 consecutive trading days. We may also prepay the debentures in cash at 115% of the then outstanding principal provided there is a registration statement in effect with respect to the shares issuable upon conversion of the Debentures. These debentures rank senior to all of our current and future indebtedness and are secured by substantially all of our assets. In connection with the December Financing and the February Financing, we also issued to these investors five-year warrants to purchase 4,000,000 and 3,333,333 shares of our common stock at $2.00 per share, respectively. The exercise price of these warrants is subject to full ratchet anti-dilution. As a result, if we issue securities at less than $1.38 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted downward to such lower price. As part of the December Financing, we also entered into a registration rights agreement with these investors that requires us to register all of the shares issuable upon conversion of the debentures (calculated by dividing the principal debenture amount by the conversion price) and exercise of the warrants. If the registration statement is not declared effective within 180 days after the closing date, we will be required to pay liquidated damages in cash in an amount equal to 2% of the total subscription amount for every month that we fail to attain a timely filing or effectiveness, as the case may be. From the three month anniversary of the closing date, the liquidated damages will be lowered to 1.5% per month. 1 This Offering Shares offered by Selling Stockholders Up to 8,353,000 shares, including 4,000,000 shares issuable upon conversion of convertible debentures and 4,000,000 shares issuable upon exercise of warrants Common Stock to be outstanding after the offering 27,853,000* Use of Proceeds We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the common stock hereunder. See "Use of Proceeds" for a complete description Risk Factors The purchase of our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully review and consider "Risk Factors" beginning on page 3 *Based on the current issued and outstanding number of shares of 19,853,000 as of June 2, 2008, and assuming issuance of all 8,000,000 shares upon conversion of convertible debentures and exercise of warrants issued to the investors and the placement agent and registered herewith. 2 RISK FACTORS An investment in our shares involves a high degree of risk. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider all of the risks described in this prospectus. If any of the risks discussed in this prospectus actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. If this were to happen, the price of our shares could decline significantly and you may lose all or a part of your investment. Our forward-looking statements in this prospectus are subject to the following risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated by our forward-looking statements as a result of the risk factors below. See "Forward-Looking Statements." Risks Related to Our Business We have a limited operating history We have a limited operating history. Prospective investors should be aware of the difficulties encountered by such new enterprises, as we face all of the risks inherent in any new business. These risks include, but are not limited to, competition, the absence of an operating history, the need for additional working capital, and the possible inability to adapt to various economic changes inherent in a market economy. The likelihood of success of the Company must be considered in light of these problems, expenses that are frequently incurred in the operation of a new business and the competitive environment in which we will be operating. We have incurred significant losses to date and may continue to incur losses. During the three months ended March 31, 2008, we generated total revenues of $1,116,718 and we incurred a loss of $2,171,574. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007, we generated revenues of $3,253,871 and we incurred a net loss of $5,766,953. Continuing losses will have an adverse impact on our cash flow and may impair our ability to raise additional capital required to continue and expand our operations. Our current financial condition has raised doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue operating as a going concern will depend on our ability to sell sufficient quantities of our products to generate gross revenues in excess of our required cash expenditures and, thereafter, to generate sufficient funds to allow us to effectuate our business plan. Further, to the extent that funds for our operations and business plan are required that exceed our gross revenues, our ability to continue operating as a going concern will also depend on our ability to obtain sufficient financing, whether in the form of debt or equity. We cannot provide any assurance that we will have sufficient sales or that sufficient financing will be available to us on terms or at times that we may require. Failure in any of these efforts may materially and adversely affect our ability to continue as a going concern. If we are unable to obtain additional funding, we may have to reduce our business operations. We anticipate, based on currently proposed plans and assumptions relating to our ability to market and sell our products, that our cash on hand including the proceeds from a recent financing transaction will satisfy our operational and capital requirements for the next two months. However, if we are unable to realize satisfactory revenue in the near future, we will be required to seek additional financing to continue our operations beyond that period. We will also require additional financing to expand into other markets and further develop and market our products. Except for the warrants issued in our recent offerings, we have no current arrangements with respect to any additional financing. Consequently, there can be no assurance that any additional financing on commercially reasonable terms or at all will be available when needed. The inability to obtain additional capital may reduce our ability to continue to conduct business operations. Any additional equity financing may involve substantial dilution to our then existing stockholders. Our future capital requirements will depend upon many factors, including: · competing technological and market developments; · our ability to establish additional collaborative relationships; and · the effect of commercialization activities and facility expansions if and as required. We have limited financial resources and to date no positive cash flow from operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms in light of factors such as the market demand for our securities, the state of financial markets generally and other relevant factors. 3 Our growth strategy depends on our ability to open and operate a significant number of new stores each year, which could strain our resources and cause the performance of our existing stores to suffer. Our growth largely depends on our ability to open and operate new stores successfully. However, our ability to open new stores is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, and we may be unable to open new stores as planned, and any failure to successfully open and operate new stores would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and on the market price of our common stock. We intend to continue to open a significant number of new stores in future years which will place increased demands on our operational, managerial and administrative resources. These increased demands could cause us to operate our business less effectively, which in turn could cause deterioration in the financial performance of our individual stores and our overall business. To the extent our new store openings are in markets where we already have stores, we may experience reduced net sales in existing stores in those markets. In addition, as of June 2, 2008, we had signed additional lease commitments for six new stores throughout the United States, totaling in excess of $32.6 million expiring through 2019. Therefore, successful execution of our growth strategy may require that we obtain additional financing, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain that financing on acceptable terms or at all. If we fail to effectively execute our expansion strategy, we may not be able to successfully open new store locations in a timely manner, if at all, which could have an adverse affect on our net sales and results of operations. Our ability to open and operate new stores successfully depends on many factors, including, among others, our ability to: · identify suitable store locations, the availability of which is outside of our control; · negotiate acceptable lease terms, including desired tenant improvement allowances; · source sufficient levels of inventory at acceptable costs to meet the needs of new stores; · hire, train and retain store personnel; · successfully integrate new stores into our existing operations; and · identify and satisfy the merchandise preferences of new geographic areas. In addition, many of our planned new stores are to be opened in regions of the United States in which we currently have few, or no, stores. The expansion into these markets may present competitive, merchandising and distribution challenges that are different from those currently encountered in our existing markets. Any of these challenges could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our business is dependent upon our being able to anticipate, identify and respond to changing fashion trends, customer preferences and other fashion-related factors; failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on us. Customer tastes and fashion trends are volatile and tend to change rapidly. Our success depends on our ability to effectively anticipate, identify and respond to changing fashion tastes and consumer preferences, and to translate market trends into appropriate, saleable product offerings in a timely manner. If we are unable to successfully anticipate, identify or respond to changing styles or trends and misjudge the market for our products or any new product lines, our sales may be lower than predicted and we may be faced with a substantial amount of unsold inventory or missed opportunities. In response to such a situation, we may be forced to rely on markdowns or promotional sales to dispose of excess or slow-moving inventory, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Because we rely on a limited number of suppliers, we may experience difficulty in meeting our customers’ demands for our products in a timely manner or within budget. We currently purchase our products from a variety of outside sources. Some of these products may only be available to us through a few sources, however, management has identified alternative materials and suppliers should the need arise. We do not have long-term agreements with any of our suppliers. Consequently, in the event that our suppliers delay or interrupt the supply of products for any reason, we could potentially experience higher product costs and longer lead times in order fulfillment. 4 Our management has limited experience in managing and operating a public company. Any failure to comply or adequately comply with federal securities laws, rules or regulations could subject us to fines or regulatory actions, which may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our current management has limited experience managing and operating a public company and relies in many instances on the professional experience and advice of third parties including our consultants, attorneys and accountants. Failure to comply or adequately comply with any laws, rules, or regulations applicable to our business may result in fines or regulatory actions, which may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. If we fail to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, the price of our common stock may be adversely affected. Our internal control over financial reporting may have weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed, the disclosure of which may have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock. We are required to establish and maintain appropriate internal controls over financial reporting. Failure to establish those controls, or any failure of those controls once established, could adversely impact our public disclosures regarding our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, management's assessment of internal controls over financial reporting may identify weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed in our internal controls over financial reporting or other matters that may raise concerns for investors. Any actual or perceived weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed in our internal control over financial reporting, disclosure of management's assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting or disclosure of our public accounting firm's attestation to or report on management's assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting may have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock. Standards for compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 are uncertain, and if we fail to comply in a timely manner, our business could be harmed and our stock price could decline. Rules adopted by the SEC pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 require annual assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting, and attestation of our assessment by our independent registered public accounting firm. Currently, we believe these two requirements will apply to our annual reports for fiscal 2008 and 2009, respectively. The standards that must be met for management to assess the internal controls over financial reporting as effective are evolving and complex, and require significant documentation, testing, and possible remediation to meet the detailed standards. We expect to incur significant expenses and to devote resources to Section 404 compliance during fiscal 2008 and on an ongoing basis. It is difficult for us to predict how long it will take to complete the assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for each year and to remediate any deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting. As a result, we may not be able to complete the assessment and remediation process on a timely basis. In addition, the attestation process by our independent registered public accounting firm is new and we may encounter problems or delays in completing the implementation of any requested improvements and receiving an attestation of our assessment by our independent registered public accounting firm. In the event that our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or independent registered public accounting firm determine that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective as defined under Section 404, we cannot predict how regulators will react or how the market prices of our shares will be affected; however, we believe that there is a risk that investor confidence and share value may be negatively impacted. Public company compliance may make it more difficult to attract and retain officers and directors. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and new rules subsequently implemented by the SEC have required changes in the corporate governance practices of public companies. As a public company, we expect these new rules and regulations to increase our compliance costs in 2008 and beyond and to make certain activities more time consuming and costly. As a public company, we also expect that these new rules and regulations may make it more difficult and expensive for us to obtain and maintain director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers. 5 If we cannot compete effectively, we will lose business. The market for our products, services and solutions is positioned to become competitive. There are technological and marketing barriers to entry, but we cannot guarantee that the barriers we are capable of producing will be sufficient to defend the market share we wish to gain against future competitors. The principal competitive factors in this market include: · Ongoing development of enhanced technical features and benefits; · Reductions in the manufacturing cost of competitors’ products; · The ability to maintain and expand distribution channels; · Brand name; · The ability to deliver our products to our customers when requested; · The timing of introductions of new products and services; and · Financial resources. These and other prospective competitors have substantially greater resources, more customers, longer operating histories, greater name recognition and more established relationships in the industry. As a result, these competitors may be able to develop and expand their networks and product offerings more quickly, devote greater resources to the marketing and sale of their products and adopt more aggressive pricing policies. In addition, these competitors have entered and will likely continue to enter into business relationships to provide additional products competitive to those we provide or plan to provide. Risks Relating to Our Current Financing Arrangements: The variable price feature of our convertible debentures could require us to issue a substantially greater number of shares, which will cause dilution to our existing stockholders. On December 3, 2007, and February 28, 2008, we issued to two accredited investors our 5% Senior Secured Convertible Debentures in the principal amount of $3,000,000 and $2,500,000, respectively. The entire principal amount under the Debentures is due and payable 30 months after each respective closing date. Current interest payments are payable in cash quarterly until the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. In addition, we are required to make 18 equal monthly principal cash payments of the then unconverted principal balance commencing December 2008 and March 2008, respectively. We may elect to make such interest or principal payments in shares of common stock provided, generally, that we are not in default under the Debentures and there is then in effect a registration statement with respect to the shares issuable upon conversion of the Debentures or in payment of interest due thereunder. If we elect to make interest payments in common stock, the conversion rate will be the lesser of (a) $0.75 or (b) 88% of the lesser of (i) the average of the volume weighted average price for the ten consecutive trading days ending immediately prior to the applicable date a payment is due. If we are unable to make payments in cash, we must make those payments in shares of our common stock at a discount to the market price of our common stock. The number of shares we will be required to issue upon conversion of the notes will increase if the market price of our stock decreases. The lower the stock price, the greater the number of shares issuable under the convertible debentures. If we elect to make periodic principal and interest payments in stock in lieu of cash (or are unable to make cash payments), the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the convertible debentures is determined by the market price of our common stock prevailing at the time of each conversion. The lower the market price, the greater the number of shares issuable under the debentures. Upon issuance of the shares, to the extent that holders of those shares will attempt to sell the shares into the market, these sales may further reduce the market price of our common stock. This in turn will increase the number of shares issuable under the agreement. This may lead to an escalation of lower market prices and ever greater numbers of shares to be issued. A larger number of shares issuable at a discount to a continuously declining stock price will expose our stockholders to greater dilution and a reduction of the value of their investment. 6 The issuance of our stock upon conversion of the convertible debentures could encourage short sales by third parties, which could contribute to the future decline of our stock price and materially dilute existing stockholders' equity and voting rights. The convertible debentures have the potential to cause significant downward pressure on the price of our common stock. This is particularly the case if the shares issued upon conversion and placed into the market exceed the market's ability to absorb the increased number of shares of stock. Such an event could place further downward pressure on the price of our common stock. The opportunity exists for short sellers and others to contribute to the future decline of our stock price. If there are significant short sales of our stock, the price decline that would result from this activity will cause the share price to decline more so, which, in turn, may cause long holders of the stock to sell their shares thereby contributing to sales of stock in the market. If there is an imbalance on the sell side of the market for the stock, our stock price will decline. If this occurs, the number of shares of our common stock that is issuable upon conversion of the debentures will increase, which will materially dilute existing stockholders' equity and voting rights. Risks relating principally to our common stock and its market value: Our stock price may be volatile. The market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: · technological innovations or new products and services by us or our competitors; · additions or departures of key personnel; · sales of our common stock; · our ability to integrate operations, technology, products and services; · our ability to execute our business plan; · operating results below expectations; · loss of any strategic relationship; · industry developments; · economic and other external factors; and · period-to-period fluctuations in our financial results. You may consider any one of these factors to be material. Our stock price may fluctuate widely as a result of any of the above listed factors. In addition, the securities markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. We have not paid dividends on our common stock in the past and do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. Any return on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock. We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our common stock will depend on earnings, financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting it at such time as the board of directors may consider relevant. If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will only occur if our stock price appreciates. 7 Our stock is deemed to be penny stock. Our stock is currently traded on the OTC Bulletin Board and is subject to the "penny stock rules" adopted pursuant to Section 15 (g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Exchange Act. The penny stock rules apply to non-NASDAQ companies whose common stock trades at less than $5.00 per share or which have tangible net worth of less than $5,000,000 ($2,000,000 if the company has been operating for three or more years). Such rules require, among other things, that brokers who trade "penny stock" to persons other than "established customers" complete certain documentation, make suitability inquiries of investors and provide investors with certain information concerning trading in the security, including a risk disclosure document and quote information under certain circumstances. Penny stocks sold in violation of the applicable rules may entitle the buyer of the stock to rescind the sale and receive a full refund from the broker. Many brokers have decided not to trade "penny stock" because of the requirements of the penny stock rules and, as a result, the number of broker-dealers willing to act as market makers in such securities is limited. In the event that we remain subject to the "penny stock rules" for any significant period, there may develop an adverse impact on the market, if any, for our securities. Because our securities are subject to the "penny stock rules," investors will find it more difficult to dispose of our securities. Further, for companies whose securities are traded in the OTC Bulletin Board, it is more difficult: (i) to obtain accurate quotations, (ii) to obtain coverage for significant news events because major wire services, such as the Dow Jones News Service, generally do not publish press releases about such companies, and (iii) to obtain needed capital. 8 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Our representatives and we may from time to time make written or oral statements that are "forward-looking," including statements contained in this prospectus and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, reports to our stockholders and news releases. All statements that express expectations, estimates, forecasts or projections are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Act. In addition, other written or oral statements which constitute forward-looking statements may be made by us or on our behalf. Words such as "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates," "projects," "forecasts," "may," "should," variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions which are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in or suggested by such forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Important factors on which such statements are based are assumptions concerning uncertainties, including but not limited to uncertainties associated with the following: (a) volatility or decline of our stock price; (b) potential fluctuation in quarterly results; (c) our failure to earn revenues or profits; (d) inadequate capital and barriers to raising the additional capital or to obtaining the financing needed to implement its business plans; (e) inadequate capital to continue business; (f) changes in demand for our products and services; (g) rapid and significant changes in markets; (h) litigation with or legal claims and allegations by outside parties; (i) insufficient revenues to cover operating costs. USE OF PROCEEDS We will receive no proceeds from the sale of shares of common stock offered by the selling security holders herewith. However, we will generate proceeds from the cash exercise of the warrants, if any. We intend to use those proceeds for general corporate purposes. 9 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATION Forward-Looking Statements The information herein contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact made herein are forward looking. In particular, the statements herein regarding industry prospects and future results of operations or financial position are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as “believes,” “estimates,” “could,” “possibly,” “probably,” anticipates,” “projects,” “expects,” “may,” “will,” or “should” or other variations or similar words. No assurances can be given that the future results anticipated by the forward-looking statements will be achieved. Forward-looking statements reflect management’s current expectations and are inherently uncertain. Our actual results may differ significantly from management’s expectations. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, included herewith. This discussion should not be construed to imply that the results discussed herein will necessarily continue into the future, or that any conclusion reached herein will necessarily be indicative of actual operating results in the future. Such discussion represents only the best present assessment of our management. Overview Adrenalina is a retail-entertainment, media and publishing company that is focused on the nature and lifestyle surrounding the extreme sports and outdoor adventures. We believe that we are also the nation's first and only retailer that has enhanced the retail shopping experience, with our particular mix of shopping and entertainment that includes the FlowRider®. Currently we have two stores open and are in the process of opening 5 stores during 2008 and have signed an additional lease for a new store scheduled to open in early 2009. Historically we were considered a media company which produced the show “Adrenalina” primarily in Latin America. However over the last twelve months we have moved away from our original focus and placed a greater emphasis on our retail stores, with current plans of expanding into new markets throughout the United States. During 2008 we will continue our transformation to a retail focused operation. Although we will continue to produce our television show we will no longer receive any material revenues related to its production. Instead our focus will be on getting the show as much air time as possible in an effort to increase our brand awareness and to put us in front of our targeted audience. We expect the next 12 months to be our most challenging as we transform our operations and expand into new markets. We are also going to face extreme financial pressure as we continue the construction of our Tampa and Dallas stores and start building out our stores in Atlanta, Denver, Houston and Rutherford, New Jersey. Each of these endeavors will take significant cash to open and currently we do not have sufficient financial capacity to fund their openings. Also, during 2008 we anticipate that our current trend of losses will continue and may exceed our losses incurred during 2007; these continued losses are a direct result of greater pressures put on our existing employees which may in turn lead to greater turnover, coupled with the fact that we may not be able to find suitable employee and replacements for key personnel for our growth strategy. We may also face additional delays in opening our new stores, and if they are not completed on time then we may miss our fourth quarter retail sales opportunities. We may additionally face economic pressures if our sales in our new markets do not meet up to our anticipated results, because of the continued pressure placed on our buying capacity from a declining currency or our customers ability to purchase our products because of a decline in their disposable income. We are however, developing additional channels to make our products available throughout the rest of the world with our wholesale and internet operations. During 2007 our total wholesale and internet operation were not material to our financial results. We believe that these segments will turn during 2008 and expect to see our sales in these areas increase, which in turn will help provide us with some of the cash flows that will be necessary to support our operations. While many of our competitors are slowing their expansion because of recent declines in the national retail sales, we believe that now is the time to push into new markets which will be key for our future success. While recent trends have softened the real estate market we believe that incentives offered by lessors will help to off-set most of our construction and development costs during 2008 and 2009. 10 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates We have prepared our financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and these financial statements necessarily include some amounts that are based on our informed judgments and estimates. Our senior management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting estimates, and the disclosure in this section of this report regarding them, with the Board of Directors. Our significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Our critical accounting policies represent those policies that are subject to judgments and uncertainties. As discussed below, our financial position and results of operations may be materially different when reported under different conditions or when using different assumptions in the application of these policies. In the event estimates or assumptions prove to be different from actual amounts, adjustments are made in subsequent periods to reflect more current information. Our critical accounting policies include: Merchandise Inventories —Merchandise inventories at are valued at the lower of cost or market, with cost determined using a weighted average method. Included in our cost basis are costs incurred in making inventories available for sale in our stores, such as freight and other distribution costs. We utilize perpetual inventory records to value inventory in our stores. Physical inventory counts are performed during each fiscal quarter and we adjust our perpetual records based on the results of the physical counts. Cost is calculated based upon the purchase order cost of an item at the time it is received by us, reconciled to actual vendor invoices, and also includes the cost of warehousing, handling, purchasing, and transporting the inventory to the stores. The cost of warehousing, handling, purchasing, and transporting, as well as vendor allowances, are recognized through cost of sales when the inventory is sold. Due to systems limitations, it is impracticable for us to assign specific costs and allowances to individual units of inventory. As such, to properly match net costs against the related revenues, we must use all available information to appropriately estimate the costs and allowances to be deferred and recognized each period. Our estimate of when inventory is sold affects the deferral, and subsequent income statement recognition, of costs incurred in preparing inventory for sale and represents the most significant estimate in that calculation; any changes in this estimate could have a material impact on the financial statements. Vendor allowances, which primarily represent volume rebates and cooperative advertising funds, are recorded as a reduction of the cost of the merchandise inventories. We earn vendor allowances as a consistent percentage of certain merchandise purchases with no minimum purchase requirements. We did not have any vendor allowance programs in fiscal 2007 and 2006 that were based on purchase volume milestones. We maintain a provision for estimated shrinkage based on the actual historical results of our physical inventories. We compare our estimates to the actual results of the physical inventory counts as they are taken and adjust the shrinkage estimates accordingly. We also record adjustments to the value of inventory equal to the difference between the carrying value and the estimated market value, based on assumptions about future demand. Film Costs — We account for our film costs and related revenues (“film accounting”), in accordance with the guidance in SOP 00-2, which requires the exercise of judgment related to the film’s ultimate revenues. Our current film costs consist of the costs of completed television episodes, which are reflected at the lower of cost, less accumulated amortization, or fair value. Prior to release, we estimate our ultimate revenues for each film on factors such as our historical performance of similar films. On a annual basis we evaluate and update our estimates based on information available on the progress of the film’s production and, upon release, the actual results of each film. Changes in our estimate of the ultimate revenues from period to period affect the amount of film costs amortized in a given period and, therefore, could have an impact on the financial results for that period. Intangible Assets — We perform annual impairment tests of our intangible assets by comparing the book values of our reporting units to their estimated fair values. The estimated fair values of our reporting units are computed using estimates that include a discount factor in valuing future cash flows. There are assumptions and estimates underlying the determination of fair value and any resulting impairment loss. Another estimate using different, but still reasonable, assumptions could produce different results. 11 Revenue Recognition Retail Items —Revenue from sales of our merchandise is recognized at the time of the merchandise sale, Revenue is presented net of sales taxes collected. We allow for merchandise to be returned under most circumstances and provide for a reserve of estimated returns. Additionally, retail revenue includes income from our point-of-sale attraction, Flow Rider ® revenue, which is recorded at the time services are provided to the end user. Gift cards— We record a gift card liability on the date we issue the gift card to the customer. We record revenue and reduce the gift card liability as the customer redeems the gift card. Gift card breakage is recorded as revenue based on an estimated amount of gift cards that are expected to go unused that are not subject to escheatment. Film— Revenue from our entertainment series are recognized when we have persuasive evidence of a sale or licensing arrangement; the film is complete and has been delivered or is available for immediate and unconditional delivery and the license period of the arrangement has begun. Publishing —We record magazine advertising revenues and subscriptions at the magazine cover date. Our magazine sales revenues are primarily generated from bulk orders from retail outlets such as newsstands, supermarkets and convenience stores. Revenues from bulk sales are recorded when the magazines are placed with the vendor, less an allowance for returns, based on our historical performance of that magazines closed sales, or on a cash basis if we have limited or no history of returns. Internet Sales — Revenue from internet sales are recognized upon estimated receipt by the customer. Barter— From time to time and in the normal course of operations we enter into various barter transactions whereby, we exchanges programming product for advertising time that we can use or resell. Generally, this advertising time is provided to us by broadcasting companies in the United States and Central and South America. For all recorded barter transactions we record the fair value of the related programming products based on comparable arrangements in the broadcast areas or from our existing contracts. These transactions are accounted for at the time the programming is broadcast and the advertising is used. Convertible Debenture —We Company account for our convertible debenture with beneficial conversion features and warrants, at our estimate of fair value on the date of issuance as a discount to our debt. These discounts are amortized to interest expense over the term of the debt. The valuation of the warrants and conversion feature require us to make certain estimates about their fair value. If actual results differ from estimated results and these notes and warrants convert to common stock, then the differences on the date of conversion could be material to our financial position. Income Taxes —We record income tax expense using the liability method for taxes and are subject to income tax in many jurisdictions and localities. As necessary, our current tax liability or asset is recognized for the estimated taxes payable or refundable on the tax returns for the current year and a deferred tax liability or asset is recognized for the estimated future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted income tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of a change in tax rates is recognized as income or expense in the period that includes the enactment date. Also a valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets unless it is more likely than not that such assets will be realized. If different assumptions had been used, our tax expense, assets, and liabilities could have varied from recorded amounts. If actual results differ from estimated results or if we adjust these assumptions in the future, we may need to adjust our deferred tax assets or liabilities, which could impact our effective tax rate. 12 Recent Accounting Pronouncements In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157, Fair Value Measurements , which is intended to increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements by defining fair value, establishing a framework for measuring fair value and expanding disclosures about fair value measurements. FAS 157 was originally effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007, and interim periods within those fiscal years. In November 2007, the FASB placed a one year deferral for the implementation of FAS 157 for nonfinancial assets and liabilities; however, FAS 157 is effective for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007 for financial assets and liabilities, as well as for any other assets and liabilities that are carried at fair value on a recurring basis in financial statements. We adopted FAS 157 on January 1, 2008, with no impact on our consolidated financial statements. In September 2006, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 158, Employers’ Accounting for Defined Benefit Pensions and Other Postretirement Plans , which requires an entity to recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of a defined benefit postretirement plan as an asset or liability in its balance sheet and to recognize changes in that funded status in the year in which the changes occur through comprehensive income. It also requires an entity to measure the funded status of a plan as of the date of its year-end balance sheet. As we have no publicly traded equity securities (due to the Merger), FAS 158 is effective for us at the end of fiscal 2007, with early adoption permitted. We adopted FAS 158 at the end of fiscal 2007, with no material impact on our consolidated statement of operations, balance sheet, stockholders’ equity, or cash flows statement. In February 2007, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 159, The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities , which permits companies to measure certain financial instruments and other items at fair value (at specified measurement dates) that are not currently required to be measured at fair value. Any unrealized gains or losses applicable to those items measured at fair value shall be reported in earnings. The decision to apply fair value is generally made on an instrument by instrument basis, is irrevocable, and is applied only to an entire instrument. We will adopt FAS 159 in the first quarter of fiscal 2008 and we currently do not expect there to be a material, if any, impact on our consolidated financial statements as a result of this adoption. In December 2007, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 141 (revised 2007), Business Combinations (“FAS 141R”). FAS 141R replaces FASB Statement No. 141, Business Combinations . The statement retains the purchase method of accounting used in business combinations but replaces FAS 141 by establishing principles and requirements for the recognition and measurement of assets, liabilities and goodwill, including the requirement that most transaction costs and restructuring costs be expensed. In addition, the statement requires disclosures to enable users to evaluate the nature and financial effects of the business combination. FAS 141 is effective for business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of the first annual reporting period beginning on or after December 15, 2008. We will adopt FAS 141R on January 1, 2009 for acquisitions on or after this date. In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 160, Noncontrolling Interest in Consolidated Financial Statements - an amendment of ARB No. 51. SFAS No. 160 requires the Company to establish accounting and reporting standards for the non-controlling interest in a subsidiary and for the deconsolidation of a subsidiary. SFAS No. 160 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning on or after December 15, 2008. Earlier adoption is prohibited. The Company does not expect the implementation of SFAS No. 160 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. In March 2008, the FASB issued SFAS No. 161, Disclosures about Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities - an amendment of FASB Statement No. 133. SFAS No. 161 changes the disclosure requirements for derivative instruments and hedging activities. Entities are required to provide enhanced disclosures about how and why an entity uses derivative instruments; how derivative instruments and related hedged items are accounted for under Statement 133 and its related interpretations; and how derivative instruments and related hedged items affect an entity’s financial position, financial performance and cash flows. SFAS No. 161 is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after November 15, 2008, with early application permitted. The Company does not expect the implementation of SFAS No. 161 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 13 General Accounting Items Year end December 31, 2007 Prior Period Adjustment — During the preparation of the 2007 financial statements, we discovered an error in prior period related to the accounting for film costs. This error occurred because we inadvertently included excess income in our calculation of expected Ultimate Revenue. This error resulted in the overstatement of our 2006 film costs and the understatement of our net loss by approximately $621,000. This error was accounted for as a prior period adjustment in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (SFAS) No. 154, “Accounting for Changes and Error Corrections”. As a result, we have restated our December 31, 2006 consolidated statements of operations, cash flows and equity. Year end December 31, 2006 Goodwill Impairment — During 2006, we temporarily stopped publication and distribution our magazine Extremo Surf after the first two quarter sales fell below our anticipated results. Although we believe this decline was not permanent, the decreased sales coupled with the near-term financial forecasts, resulted in an estimated fair value that was considerably lower than the carrying value of our reporting unit. As a result we impaired the full value of goodwill related to the purchase of the magazine in the amount of $97,500. Our fair value assessment was based on a combination of present value cash flow analysis, observable earnings multiples of other publicly-traded specialty retail companies, and use of earnings multiples resulting from market transactions of other specialty retail companies. Results of Operations The following table sets forth for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, the percentage relationship to net sales of each line item of our consolidated statements of operations. This table should be read in conjunction with the following discussion and with our consolidated financial statements, including the related notes. 2007 2006 Net sales 100.0 % 100.0 % Cost of sales 69.7 49.2 Gross profit 30.3 50.8 Payroll and employee benefits 64.7 40.7 Occupancy expense 59.2 33.1 Marketing and advertising 16.4 20.2 Professional fees 13.7 16.7 Other selling, general and administrative 10.3 7.6 Depreciation and amortization 40.2 58.2 Operating loss (174.2 ) (225.7 ) Interest expense 4.0 — Other (income) and expense, net (1.0 ) (3.4 ) Net loss (177.2 )% (229.1 )% Results of Reporting Lines We classify our business interests in three reportable lines: Retail sales from our stores which focus on extreme sports and adventure themed clothing and merchandise; Entertainment which is comprised of theatrical and TV films as well as musical productions and distribution; and Publishing which is made up of publications centered around the life styles of extreme sports enthusiast and alternative music trends. 14 The following table sets forth, for the three month periods ended March 31, 2008 and 2007, the percentage relationship net sales to costs of sales for each of our reporting lines in our condensed consolidated statements of operations. This table should be read in conjunction with the following discussion and with our consolidated financial statements, including the related notes. (Amounts in thousands of dollars) 2008 2007 Retail Sales 1,065 452 Cost of sales 646 253 Gross profit 39.4 % 44.1 % Entertainment 16 365 Cost of sales 11 364 Gross profit 31.3 % 0.0 % Publishing 35 46 Cost of sales 44 98 Gross profit (25.8 )% (113.1 )% Total Sales 1,117 862 Cost of sales 701 715 Gross profit 37.3 % 17.1 % The following table sets forth for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, the percentage relationship net sales to costs of sales for each of our reporting lines in our consolidated statements of operations. This table should be read in conjunction with the following discussion and with our consolidated financial statements, including the related notes. (Amounts in thousands of dollars) 2007 2006 Retail Sales 2,401 423 Cost of sales 1,451 243 Gross profit 39.6 % 42.5 % Entertainment 666 1,788 Cost of sales 488 624 Gross profit 26.7 % 65.1 % Publishing 187 163 Cost of sales 328 301 Gross profit (75.4 )% (84.6 )% Total Sales 3,254 2,374 Cost of sales 2,268 1,168 Gross profit 30.3 % 50.8 % 15 Results of Operations Three Month Periods Ended March 31, 2008 and 2007 Net Revenues. Net revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2008 increased $244,200 or 28.0% as compared to 2007, primarily due to increased volume in retail operations . During December 2007, we opened a new store in Miami, Florida. Revenues from our retail stores amounted to $1,065,200 for the three months ended March 31, 2008 as compared to $452,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2007 resulting in a total increase of $613,200. Revenues from entertainment and publishing amounted to $16,600 and $34,900 for the three months ended March 31, 2008 as compared to $364,100 and $56,400 for the three months ended March 31, 2007; resulting in a total decrease of $369,000 in entertainment and publishing revenue from the same period in 2007. This decrease is attributable to a shift in corporate strategy from a film based entertainment company to one focused on expanding its revenue base primarily through merchandise sales and entertainment via retail operations nationwide. Gross Margin Our gross margin for the three months ended March 31, 2008 increased $260,800 from $154,900 for the three months ended March 31, 2007. This increase of 168.4% from the three months ended March 31, 2008 is principally due to a greater volume of retail sales as media entertainment activity decreased. Payroll and Employee Benefits. Payroll and employee benefits increased from $452,800 for three months ended March 31, 2008 to $505,700 for the three months ended March 31, 2007, an increase of $52,900 or 11.7%. This increase is primarily attributable to the additional employees to support the retail operations and the hiring of personnel to support the current and anticipated increase in operations. Occupancy Expense. Occupancy expense includes rent, utilities, insurance and other costs necessary for the occupancy of the stores and main office. During the three months ended March 31, 2008 this cost increased $638,300 from $360,100 primarily due to the increase in rent expense related to the additional leases signed by us during the fourth quarter of 2007 and currently under construction. For the three months ended March 31, 2008 rent expense increased $594,200 an increase of 208.9%. Additionally during this same period insurance costs increased by $33,800, an 81.0% increase over the previous year which was attributed to our new store leases and our second store opening in Miami, Florida. Other Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. Other Selling, general and administrative expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2008 is primarily made up of marketing and advertising expenses, professional fees, bad debt expense and cost related to maintaining our patents and trademarks. For the three months ended March 31, 2008 these costs decreased by $6,700 or 2.1% verse the three months ended March 31, 2007. Net Loss. The net loss from operations for three months ended March 31, 2008 increased to $2,171,600 from $1,220,600 for the three months ended March 31, 2007, an increase of $951,000 or 78.0%. This increase is primarily due to our change in focus on retail sales which have lower margins and our increases in costs related to operating additional stores during 2007. Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 Net Revenues. Net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2007 increased $879,885 or 37.1% as compared to 2006, primarily due to increased volume in retail operations. During December 2007, we opened a new store in Miami, Florida. Revenues from our retail stores amounted to $2,401,200 for the year ended December 31, 2007 as compared to $422,900 for the year ended December 31, 2006 resulting in a total increase of $1,978,300. Revenues from entertainment and publishing amounted to $666,000 and $186,600 for the year ended December 31, 2007 as compared to $1,788,300 and $162,800 for the year ended December 31, 2006; resulting in a total decrease of $1,098,500 in entertainment and publishing revenue from the same period in 2006. This decrease is attributable to a shift in corporate strategy from a film based entertainment company to one focused on expanding its revenue base primarily through merchandise sales and entertainment via retail operations nationwide. Gross Margin Our gross margin for the year ended December 31, 2007 decreased $216,000 from $1,206,100 for the year ended December 31, 2006.. The change in our gross margin is principally due to greater emphasis on retail sales that generate lower margins as media entertainment activity decreased. Payroll and Employee Benefits. Payroll and employee benefits increased from $966,500 for the year ended December 31, 2006 to $2,100,800 for the year ended December 31, 2007, an increase of $1,134,300 or 117.4%. This increase is primarily attributable to the additional employees to support the retail operations and the hiring of personnel to support the current and anticipated increase in operations. During this period our total payroll increased by $1,123,800 which was 116.6% increase over the previous year and represented 99.1% of the total increase in payroll and employee benefits. 16 Occupancy Expense. Occupancy expense includes rent, utilities, insurance and other costs necessary for the occupancy of the stores and main office. During the year ended December 31, 2007 this cost increased $1,137,600 from $785,800 primarily due to the increase in rent expense related to the five additional leases signed by us during the fourth quarter of 2007. For the year ended December 31, 2007 rent expense increased $1,168,100 an increase of 364.2%. Additionally during this same period utility costs increased by $63,600, a 169.3% increase over the previous year which was attributed to our second store opening in Miami, Florida. Other Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. Other Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2007 is primarily made up of marketing and advertising expenses, professional fees, bad debt expense and cost related to maintaining our patents and trademarks. For the year ended December 31, 2007 these costs increase by $229,700, an increase of 21.4%. Our cost increase for the current year was due to bad debt expense of $54,900 a 100% increase, marketing and advertising which increase by $50,000 a 10.4% increase and professional fees which increased by $46,500 a 11.7% increase over the previous year. Net Loss. The net loss from operations for the year ended December 31, 2007 increased to $5,767,000 from $3,066,000 for the year ended December 31, 2006, an increase of $2,701,000 or 88.1%. This increase is primarily due to our change in focus on retail sales which have lower margins and our increases in cost related to an additional store during 2007. Plan of Operation Currently we do not believe that the Company will be able to generate any significant cash flow during the coming year to fund our planned expansion or to fund our current operations. However, under our current model of funding operations through capital contributions and debt we believe that we can sustain ourselves for the next twelve months. Currently we are seeking additional outside funding to keep the business operational beyond 2008; however there is no assurance additional debt or capital will be available to us on acceptable terms. 17 Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2007, our current assets exceeded its current liabilities by $988,300 even though we incurred a net loss of $5,767,000 for 2007. As of December 31, 2007, we had cash and cash equivalents of $444,800 and net accounts receivable of $35,200. The lack of available cash to us could have an adverse impact on our liquidity, activities and operations. Without realization of additional capital, it would be unlikely for us to execute our business plan. Our management is seeking additional working capital through additional debt or equity private placements, additional notes payable to banks or related parties, or from other available funding sources at market rates of interest, or a combination of these. Our ability to raise necessary financing will depend on many factors, including the economic and market conditions prevailing at the time financing is sought. No assurances can be given that any necessary financing can be obtained on terms favorable to us, if at all. As discussed below, in December 2007 and February 2008, we issued to two accredited investors our 5% Senior Secured Convertible Debentures in the aggregate principal amount of $5,500,000. Most of the proceeds from those offerings have already been used in connection with new store openings and equipment purchases. Additionally as of June 2, 2008 we had signed commitments to purchase equipment, build out our new store locations and committed under our lease agreements in excess of $66.7 million. Without additional funding, and the rapid generation of significant cash flow from operations, we will likely be unable to meet these commitments and we may have to curtail our operations.. We are looking for additional funding which may or may not become available to us on acceptable terms. Any such funding may be in the form of equity and/or debt financing and will likely dilute the ownership interest of our current shareholders. Net cash flows used in operating activities for the three months ended March 31, 2008 were $1,304,100 as compared to net cash used in operating activities of $491,200 for the three months ended March 31, 2007. For the three months ended March 31, 2008, our net loss amounted to $2,171,600, which included a non-cash adjustment due to depreciation and amortization of $408,900. Changes in assets and liabilities used $348,700 in cash, for three months ended March 31, 2007 our net loss amounted to $1,222,000, which included a non-cash adjustment due to depreciation and amortization of $76,400. Changes in assets and liabilities provided $654,400 in cash. Net cash flows used in investing activities for the three months ended March 31, 2008 was $1,267,500 as compared to $1,560,500 for the three months ended March 31, 2007. For the three months ended March 31, 2008 and 2007 our net cash used in investing activities was primarily attributable to the purchase of property and equipment. Additionally during the three months ended March 31, 2008 we purchased and sold available for sale securities. Our securities held at the end of the quarter were approximately $40,200. Net cash flows for provided by financing activities the three months ended March 31, 2008 were $2,655,000 as compared to $2,106,200 for the three months ended March 31, 2007. This cash was primarily attributable to proceeds of $2,500,000 related to the issuance of convertible debentures. For the three months ended March 31, 2007 $2,405,000 in cash was provided from related parties. 18 Contractual Obligations All of our significant contractual obligations are recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets or disclosed in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. We do not typically enter into off-balance sheet arrangements, except for arrangements related to operating lease commitments, service contract commitments, and letters of credit, as disclosed in the table below. Neither do we typically issue guarantees to third parties. As of June 2, 2008, our signed-contractual obligations were as follows: Payments Due By Fiscal Year Less Than More Than Total 1 Year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years 5 Years (in thousands) Operating lease commitments (1) $ 32,680 $ 2,434 $ 6,540 $ 6,744 $ 16,964 Capital commitments (2) 23,993 5,708 6,681 6,718 4,886 Total debt (3) 8,795 806 5,070 2,259 659 Interest payments (4) 1,222 429 514 245 33 $ 66,690 $ 9,377 $ 18,805 $ 15,966 $ 22,542 (1) Our operating lease commitments generally include non-cancelable leases for property and equipment used in our operations. Excluded from our operating lease commitments are amounts related to insurance, taxes, and common area maintenance associated with property and equipment. (2) Capital commitments primarily include the current stores under lease, whereas we estimate our construction for signed and unsigned contracts will be approximately $873,200 per location. These commitments also include amounts due under our agreement with FlowRider®. Values within the capital commitments line item were calculated based on the time period remaining in the contract or to the earliest possible date of termination, if permitted to be terminated by us upon notice, whichever is shorter. (3) Debt obligations represent legally binding scheduled principal payments of our long-term debt. (4) Interest payments associated with long-term debt including our senior secured convertible loan, and our shareholder loan. Additional information regarding our long-term debt and commitments and contingencies is provided in Note 7 of Unaudited Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements as of March 31, 2008. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. Seasonality Our business may become highly seasonal, with higher sales in the third and fourth fiscal quarters. For the last fiscal year, our fourth quarter, which includes the Christmas selling season, accounted for approximately 26.5% of our total retail sales. 19 RECENT FINANCING December 2007 Financing On December 3, 2007, we issued to two accredited investors our 5% Senior Secured Convertible Debentures in the principal amount of $3,000,000 (the “December Financing”), with quarterly interest payments commencing in February 2008. The principal amount under the debentures is payable to the investors in 18 monthly payments beginning on the 12 th month following the closing date of our offering. We may also elect to make principal payments in shares of common stock if there is then an effective registration statement with respect to the shares issuable upon conversion of the Debentures. If we elect to make principal payments in common stock, our conversion rate will be the lesser of (a) the Conversion Price (as defined below), or (b) 88% of the volume weighted average price for the ten consecutive trading days ending immediately prior to the applicable date a principal payment is due. The entire principal amount under the Debentures is due and payable 30 months after the closing date. Interest payments will be payable in cash quarterly commencing three months from the closing date. Also at any time, the investors may convert these debentures into shares of common stock at a fixed conversion price of $0.75, subject to adjustment in the event that we issue common stock (or securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock) at a price below the conversion price (the “Conversion Price”). Following the effective date of the registration statement filed of which this prospectus forms a part, we may force conversion of the Debentures if the market price of our common stock is at least $2.75 for any 20 out of 30 consecutive trading days. We may also prepay the debentures in cash at 115% of the then outstanding principal provided there is a registration statement in effect with respect to the shares issuable upon conversion of the Debentures. These debentures rank senior to all of our current and future indebtedness and are secured by substantially all of our assets. In connection with the financing transaction, we also issued to these investors five-year warrants to purchase 4,000,000 shares of our common stock at $2.00 per share. The exercise price of these warrants is subject to full ratchet anti-dilution. As a result, if we issue securities at less than $1.38 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted downward to such lower price. As part of this debenture, we also entered into a registration rights agreement with these investors that requires us to register all of the shares issuable upon conversion of the debentures (calculated by dividing the principal debenture amount by the conversion price) and exercise of the warrants in the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. If the registration statement is not declared effective within 180 days after the closing date, we will be required to pay liquidated damages in cash in an amount equal to 2% of the total subscription amount for every month that we fail to attain a timely filing or effectiveness, as the case may be. From the three month anniversary of the closing date, the liquidated damages will be lowered to 1.5% per month. The value of the four million shares underlying the debentures that are being registered herewith is approximately $7,200,000 based on the market price of our common stock on the date of the sale of the debentures. February 2008 Financing On February 28, 2008, we issued to the same investors as those involved in the December Financing our Original Issue Discount 5% Senior Secured Convertible Debentures in the principal amount of $2,500,000 (the “February Financing”), with quarterly interest payments commencing in May 2008. The principal amount under the debentures is payable to the investors in 18 monthly payments beginning on the 12 th month following the closing date of our offering. We may also elect to make principal payments in shares of common stock if there is then an effective registration statement with respect to the shares issuable upon conversion of the Debentures. If we elect to make principal payments in common stock, the conversion rate will be the lesser of (a) the Conversion Price (as defined below), or (b) 88% of the volume weighted average price for the ten consecutive trading days ending immediately prior to the applicable date a principal payment is due. The entire principal amount under the Debentures is due and payable 30 months after the closing date. Interest payments will be payable in cash quarterly commencing three months from the closing date. Also at any time, holders may convert the Debentures into shares of common stock at a fixed conversion price of $0.75, subject to adjustment in the event the Company issues common stock (or securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock) at a price below the conversion price as such price may be in effect at various times (the “Conversion Price”). 20 Following the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, the Company may force conversion of the Debenture if the market price of the common stock is at least $2.75 for any 20 out of 30 consecutive trading days. The Company may also prepay the Debentures in cash at 115% of the then outstanding principal provided there is a registration statement in effect with respect to the shares issuable upon conversion of the Debentures. The Debentures rank senior (along with the debentures issued in December 2007 discussed above) to all current and future indebtedness of the Company and are secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company. In connection with the financing transaction, the Company issued to the investors five-year warrants to purchase 3,333,333 shares of the Company’s common stock at $2.00 per share. The Company also entered into a registration rights agreement with the investors that requires the Company to register the shares issuable upon conversion of the Debentures and exercise of the warrants on the later of (a) the 45 th calendar day following the closing date of the offering and (b) the 30 th calendar day following the date that the Company’s registration statement in connection with an offering made in November 2007 is declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. If the registration statement is not filed within that time period or is not declared effective within 90 days after the closing date (180 days in the event of a full review by the Securities and Exchange Commission), the Company will be required to pay until the three month anniversary liquidated damages in cash in an amount equal to 2% of the total subscription amount for every month that the Company fails to attain a timely filing or effectiveness, as the case may be. From the three month anniversary of the closing date liquidated damages will be lowered to 1.5% per month. The debentures issued in the December Financing and the February Financing, are subject to full ratchet anti-dilution protection until the first anniversary of the issuance of the debentures. As a result, if the Company issues equity securities at a price per share lower than the conversion price then in effect, the conversion price will be adjusted to such lower price. Similarly, the warrants issued in both financings are subject to full-ratchet anti-dilution provisions. As a result, if the Company issues equity securities at a price per share lower than both the exercise price then in effect and $1.38, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to such lower price. We have been advised by the investors that they have no existing short position in our common stock. April Stock Issuance In April we issued to the same two investors 400,000 shares of our common stock at $0.75 per share for total proceeds of $300,000. 21 The following table sets forth each payment to be made to the selling shareholders who are listed in the table in connection with the December Financing that we are required to make to these persons under the terms of the debentures (other than principal payments). Investor Payment Reference Date Amount Enable Growth Partners, LP Interest Payment January 1, 2008 $ 10,125 Interest Payment April 1, 2008 33,750 Interest Payment July 1, 2008 33,750 Interest Payment October 1, 2008 33,750 Interest Payment January 1, 2009 33,750 Interest Payment April 1, 2009 30,000 Interest Payment July 1, 2009 24,375 Interest Payment October 1, 2009 18,750 Interest Payment January 1, 2010 13,125 Interest Payment April 1, 2010 7,500 Interest Payment July 1, 2010 3,333 Total: $ 241,875 Enable Opportunity Partners, LP Interest Payment January 1, 2008 $ 1,125 Interest Payment April 1, 2008 3,750 Interest Payment July 1, 2008 3,750 Interest Payment October 1, 2008 3,750 Interest Payment January 1, 2009 3,750 Interest Payment April 1, 2009 3,333 Interest Payment July 1, 2009 2,708 Interest Payment October 1, 2009 2,083 Interest Payment January 1, 2010 1,458 Interest Payment April 1, 2010 833 Interest Payment July 1, 2010 333 Total: $ 26,875 Total payments that have been or may be required to be made in connection with the transaction, excluding principal repayments $ 268,750 The following table sets forth certain information concerning the market discount per share that may be realized by each of the investors who participated in the December Financing. 22 Selling Shareholder Market price per share of securities on the date of sale of the convertible note (December 1, 2007) Fixed conversion price per share of underlying securities on the date of sale of the convertible note Total possible shares underlying the convertible note Combined market price (market price per share * total possible shares) Total possible shares the selling shareholders may receive and combined conversion price of the total number of shares underlying the convertible note Total possible discount to market price as of the date of sale of the convertible note (1) Enable Growth Partners LP $ 1.10 $ 0.75 3,600,000 $ 3,960,000 3,600,000 $ 1,260,000 Enable Opportunity Partners LP $ 1.10 $ 0.75 400,000 $ 440,000 400,000 $ 140,000 4,000,000 $ 4,400,000 4,000,000 $ 1,400,000 (1) Discount is based on gross proceeds of $3,000,000 divided by the total possible shares as compared to the market price on the date of the sale of the convertible note. The following table set forth information with respect to the warrants issued in the December Financing. Selling Shareholder Transaction Type Date Market Price Exercise Price Total To Be Received Combined Market Price Combined Exercise Price Premium to Market Enable Growth Partners LP Convertible Notes Warrants 12/3/07 $ 1.10 $ 2.00 3,600,000 $ 3,960,000 $ 7,200,000 $ 3,240,000 Enable Opportunity Partners LP Convertible Notes Warrants 12/3/07 $ 1.10 $ 2.00 400,000 $ 440,000 $ 800,000 $ 360,000 4,000,000 $ 4,400,000 $ 8,000,000 $ 3,600,000 The following table sets forth: The gross proceeds paid or payable to the Company in the debenture transaction; All interest payments that have been made or that may be required to be made; The resulting net proceeds to the Company; The combined total possible profit to be realized as a result of any conversion discounts regarding the shares underlying the debentures and any warrants that are held by the selling shareholders. Disclosure - as a percentage - of the total amount of all possible interest payments and the total possible discount to the market price of the shares underlying the debentures divided by the net proceeds to the Company from the sale of the debentures, as well as the amount of that resulting percentage averaged over the term of the debentures. 23 Gross proceeds paid to the issuer in the convertible note transaction $ 3,000,000 All payments made or required to be made by the Company to the selling shareholders $ 268,750 Fees and expenses (1) 665,200 $ 933,950 Net proceeds to issuer, as gross proceeds are reduced by the total of all possible payments (excluding principal) $ 2,066,050 Combined total possible profit to be realized as a result of any conversion discounts (2) $ 1,400,000 Total amount of all possible payments plus the conversion discount as a percentage of the net proceeds to the issuer from the sale of the notes 62.1 % Annual percentage above averaged over the term of the convertible note 27.3 % (1) Fees and expenses include commissions and legal and other fees, resulting in net proceeds of $2,687,800 excluding deductions for interest payments required to be made by the Company. (2) Discount is based on gross proceeds of $3,000,000 divided by the total possible shares as compared to the market price on the date of the sale of the convertible note. The following table sets forth additional information about prior transactions involving the named selling shareholders with respect to our securities. None of the other selling shareholders had previously entered into transactions with us. Other than the financing transaction that was completed on December 3, 2007, these entities were not involved in any other previous financing transactions with us. Selling Shareholders Shares held by persons other than the Investors, affiliates of the company, and affiliates of the Investors prior to the current transaction Shares registered for resale by the Investors or affiliates of the Investors in prior registration statements Shares registered for resale by the Investors or affiliates of the Investors that continue to be held by same Shares registered for resale on behalf of the Investors or affiliates of the Investors in the current transaction Others 19,100,000 - - 353,000 Enable Growth Partners LP - - - 7,200,000 Enable Opportunity Partners LP - - - 800,000 Totals 19,100,000 - - 8,353,000 24 BUSINESS General We operate a retail entertainment, media and publishing company that is focused on the nature and wellness lifestyle surrounding outdoor, adventure and extreme sports. We believe that we are the nation's first retailer to enhance the shopping opportunity with our mix of entertainment that includes the experience of our FlowRider®. Currently we have two stores that have opened since 2006 and we plan to expand five to seven new stores during 2008. Corporate History We were incorporated on March 28, 2007 under the laws of the State of Nevada, as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Eaton Laboratories, Inc., a Nevada corporation. On March 30, 2007 Eaton entered into an Acquisition Agreement and Plan of Merger with Hydrogen Hybrid Technologies, Inc., a privately-held Canadian corporation. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, Hydrogen Hybrid Technologies, Inc. acquired Eaton Laboratories and Eaton agreed to spin off its wholly-owned subsidiary, Basic Services, Inc. On April 30, 2007, the shareholders of Eaton received one unregistered common share of Basic Services, Inc. common stock for every share of Eaton Laboratories common stock owned. This stock dividend was based on 10,873,750 shares of Eaton common stock that were issued and outstanding as of the record date. The spin off did not include any stock issued to the shareholders of Hydrogen Hybrid Technologies, Inc., who received Eaton shares pursuant to the Agreement. Eaton retained no ownership in Basic Services, Inc. following the spin off. Further, Basic Services, Inc. is no longer a subsidiary of Eaton. At the time of spin off, all of the assets and liabilities of the pharmaceutical operations of Eaton Laboratories were transferred into Basic Services, Inc. On May 9, 2007 we filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the registration of the 10,873,750 shares issued and distributed in connection with the spin-off of the Company from Eaton laboratories, Inc. to the shareholders of that entity. The registration statement was declared effective on June 5, 2007. Subsequently, our management determined that the current course of the Company’s business would not lead to the desired benefits to our shareholders and that the Company should look for more lucrative ways to conduct its business. As a result, on August 13, 2007, we formed and spun-off our wholly-owned subsidiary, Generic Marketing Services, Inc. a Nevada corporation to our shareholders, in a one-for-one special stock dividend. Following the spin-off, we did not retain any ownership in Generic Marketing Services, Inc. Around the same time, the Company was introduced by Guilford Services, Inc., its business consultant, to a number of operating companies business opportunities. As a direct result of these introductions, on October 26, 2007, we entered into an agreement with LQD Adrenalina, LLC a Florida limited liability company which was formed on September 13, 2004 as an extreme sport retail, media, and publishing entertainment company headquartered in South Florida. Under the terms of the agreement, we acquired 100% of the assets, liabilities, right and obligations of LQD Adrenalina, LLC in exchange for 18,000,000 shares of our stock, which were issued to the members of LQD Adrenalina, LLC. Immediately prior to the acquisition, our four largest shareholders received a distribution of all the assets and liabilities of the pharmaceutical operations of Basic Services, Inc., including the patents and contractual rights, which had no carrying value to Basic Services, Inc. Concurrent with the merger, we cancelled 9,773,750 shares of common stock, which were held by our four largest shareholders just prior to the agreement. This transaction was intended to be a “tax-free” reorganization pursuant to the provisions of Section 351 and 368(a)(1)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 25 As a result of the merger and the exchange of ownership interest, the previous members of Adrenalina were issued approximately 94% of our issued and outstanding common stock. This figure is based on the issuance of 18,000,000 common shares issued to the member of LQD Adrenalina, LLC in exchange for 10,000,000 membership units and the issuance of 353,000 unregistered shares of common stock to Guilford Services, Inc. as part of a referral fee. The number of shares issued in connection with LQD Adrenalina, LLC acquisition was arrived at in arm’s length negotiations between our management and the principals of LQD Adrenalina, LLC. In connection with the Merger, on December 13, 2007, we changed our name from Basic Services, Inc. to Adrenalina Industry Overview, Competition The sporting goods retail sector is highly fragmented and intensely competitive. This sector is comprised of five principal categories of retailers: large format sporting goods stores, traditional sporting goods stores, specialty sporting goods stores, mass merchandisers and catalog and internet based retailers. In addition, a variety of other retailers sell various types of sporting goods. Large Format Sporting Goods Stores . Large format full line sporting goods retailers, generally range in size from 20,000 to 100,000 square feet, offer a broad selection of brand name sporting goods and tend to be either anchor stores in strip or enclosed malls or in free-standing locations. Traditional Sporting Goods Stores. Traditional sporting goods retailers tend to have relatively small stores, generally range in size from 5,000 to 20,000 square feet and are frequently located in malls or strip centers. These retailers typically carry limited quantities of each item in their assortment and generally offer a more limited selection than full line sporting goods retailers. Specialty Sporting Goods Stores. Specialty sporting goods retailers, like us, have both relatively small stores and larger format stores, generally ranging in size from 5,000 to 20,000 square feet and tend to be either anchor stores in strip or enclosed malls or in free-standing locations. These retailers generally include single store operations and are considered specialty retailers that typically carry a wide assortment of one specific product category, such as surfboards, skateboards or equipment and generally have higher prices than full line retailers. Mass Merchandisers . Mass merchandisers' stores generally range in size from 50,000 to 200,000 square feet, feature sporting goods as part of their overall assortment and are located primarily in strip centers, free-standing locations or shopping malls. These retailers usually have limited selection and fewer brand names and typically do not offer the customer service offered by specialty and full line sporting goods retailers. Catalog and Internet Based Retailers. We compete with catalog and internet retailers and other sporting goods websites. We believe that we will continue to face competition from retailers in each of these categories. The principal competitive factors include store location and image, product selection, quality, price, and customer service. Increased competition in markets in which we have stores, the adoption by competitors of innovative store formats and retail sales methods, the entry of new competitors in our markets or the expansion of operations by existing competitors in our markets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. In addition, some of our competitors have substantially greater resources than us. We believe that the principal strengths with which we compete is our broad selection for our targeted customers and competitive prices combined with a high level of customer service. 26 Competition in our sector is based on, among other things, merchandise offerings, store location, price and the ability to identify with the customer. We believe that we compete favorably with many of our competitors based on our differentiated merchandising strategy, compelling store environment and deep-rooted culture. However, some of our competitors are larger than we are and have substantially greater financial, marketing and other resources than we do. See “Item 1A Risk Factors. As such, we may be unable to compete favorably in the highly competitive retail industry, and if we lose customers to our competitors, our sales could decrease.” Business Strategy Our business strategy is to provide our customers with an extensive selection of high quality, brand name merchandise at competitive prices with a high level of customer service. The key elements of our business strategy are the following: Broad Assortment of Quality, Brand Name Products . We carry an average of approximately 1,000 individual items in each of our stores, including popular brands like Ed Hardy, Volcom, Hurley, Quiksilver, Billabong, O'Neill, Rip Curl, Rusty, Cult and Reef. Equipment and accessories are available from leading brands such as Marin Bikes, Hoffman Bikes, Felt, Shimano, Sram, GT Bikes, Manitou, Tippman, Dye Precision, No Fear, Fox Racing, Troy Lee Design, Steward Boards, HIC, Rusty Boards, Byrne, Eerie, Gator Wakeboards, Body Glove, Element, Zoo York, and Spitfire. Attractive Shopping Environment. We seek to offer a unique and exciting retail concept. Our stores are designed and positioned as a destination for extreme sport enthusiasts of all generations and those who want to learn more about this Lifestyle. In this regard, our stores offer dedicated areas which are focused on a particular extreme sport with our center of attraction as the FlowRider which is visible to everyone as they approach our store. Our intent of promoting the Adrenalina stores is as the place to go, congregate and be seen for all who are interested in extreme sports and it’s Lifestyle. We believe that our customers desire merchandise and fashion that is rooted in the action sports lifestyle and reflects their individuality. We strive to keep our merchandising mix fresh by continuously introducing new brands and styles. Our focus on a diverse collection of brands allows us to quickly adjust to changing fashion trends. We believe that our strategic mix of both apparel and hardgoods, including skateboards, snowboards, components and other equipment, allows us to strengthen the potential of the brands we sell and helps affirm our credibility with our customers. In addition, we supplement our stores with a select offering of private label apparel and products as a value proposition that we believe complements our overall merchandise selection. Customer Service. Our objective is to provide a high level of customer service generally associated with specialty sporting goods stores. Customized Merchandise Mix. We tailor our product mix to market to specific demographic groups and lifestyles. Purchasing decisions are made on a store by store basis, and store managers work directly with our buyers to achieve the appropriate product mix in each store. Various factors typically influence the product mix in a particular market, like disposable income, professional and amateur sports activities and specific regional and seasonal activities. Promotional Advertising and Marketing. We use a promotional pricing and advertising strategy focused on the creation of "events" to drive traffic and sales in our stores. E-Commerce. We operate our e-commerce under various licensing agreements and offer our sporting goods and clothing retail at our website at www.adrenalinastore.com Under these agreements we work directly with our customers to specifically purchase and deliver our merchandise that is sold on our website. 27 Merchandising We offer our customers distinct items of high quality, brand name goods and apparel in each of our stores. New brands and products are continuously introduced and featured in our stores and our advertising. Our merchandise is broadly classified into one of two major categories, hardlines or softlines. Hardlines include items like skis, bicycles, surfboards, paintball, and outdoor extreme sporting gear. Softlines consist primarily of apparel and footwear. The following table sets forth our percentage of targeted and total net merchandise sales for each major product category for the periods indicated: Year end Target Mix 2006 2007 Hardgoods 25 % 24 % 21 % Apparel 45 % 46 % 46 % Footwear 15 % 16 % 15 % FlowRider ® 15 % 14 % 18 % Total 100 % 100 % 100 % Apparel and Footwear We believe that our customers desire merchandise and fashion that is rooted in the action sports lifestyle and reflects their individuality. We strive to keep our merchandising mix fresh by continuously introducing new brands and styles. Our focus on a diverse collection of brands allows us to quickly adjust to changing fashion trends. Our stores carry a full line of sportswear and apparel designed for a wide variety of activities and performance levels as well as life style dressing. Our suppliers of these products include Ed Hardy, Quicksilver, Billabong, Volcom, O’Neil, Crocs, Hurley, Reef and Fox. Hardgoods We offer a large selection of items along various extreme activities, including skateboards, MX, BMX, surf, wake, skim components and other equipment. We believe this variety allows us to strengthen the potential of the brands we sell and helps to affirm our credibility with our customers. In addition, we supplement our stores with a select offering of private label products as a value proposition that we believe complements our overall merchandise selection. Cycling We offer a selection of BMX and mountain bikes including, Marin Bikes, Hoffman Bikes, Felt, GT Bikes, Shimano, Sram and our stores also carry cycling apparel, accessories and components from suppliers like Bell, Canari, Giro and Thule. Water Sports We also carry a broad selection of products designed for a variety of water sports, including recreational, surfing, knee boarding, wake boarding, and a variety of body boarding products. Suppliers of these products include MX, Steward Boards, HIC, Rusty Boards, Byrne, Eerie, Gator Wakeboards and Body Glove. 28 Our Stores Adrenalina "Extreme" Stores are extreme sports and adventure themed retail stores centered around a "FlowRider®" surf ride that is discussed below. We strive to provide and deliver a unique and exciting retail concept to each of our customers by designing and positioning ourselves as the final destination for extreme sport enthusiasts. Our stores offer dedicated areas which are focused on a particular extreme sport, and the coordination of FlowRider® sessions and lessons with qualified instructors, all with the intent of promoting the Adrenalina stores as the place to go, congregate and be seen for all who are interested in extreme sports and its Lifestyle. We believe that our customers desire merchandise and fashion that is rooted in the action sports lifestyle and reflects their individuality. We strive to keep our merchandising mix fresh by continuously introducing new brands and styles. Our focus on a diverse collection of brands allows us to quickly adjust to changing fashion trends. We believe that our strategic mix of both apparel and hardgoods, including skateboards, BMX Bikes, MX Gear, Surf, Wake components and other equipment, allows us to strengthen the potential of the brands we sell and helps to affirm our credibility with our customers. The Action Sports Market We believe that action sports are a permanent and growing aspect of youth culture, reaching not only consumers that actually participate in action sports, but also those who seek brands and styles that fit a desired action sports image. We believe that teens enjoy shopping in malls and purchasing clothing and fashion-related merchandise. Growth Strategy We intend to expand our presence as a leading action sports lifestyle retailer by: Opening New Store Locations. We believe that the action sports lifestyle has national appeal that provides store expansion opportunities throughout the country. Since October 2006, we have opened two stores and we plan to open five additional stores in fiscal 2008, to take advantage of what we believe to be a compelling economic store model. Continuing to Generate Sales Growth through Improved Store Level Productivity. We seek to maximize our comparable store sales and net sales per square foot by maintaining consistent store-level execution and offering our customers a broad and relevant selection of action sports brands and products. We also intend to continue to expand our brand awareness in an effort to maintain high levels of customer traffic. Enhancing our Operating Efficiency. As we continue to expand our business and open new stores, we plan to improve our operating results by taking advantage of economies of scale in purchasing our inventory, leveraging our existing infrastructure and continually optimizing and improving our operations in areas such as inventory and supply chain management. We seek to better leverage our expenses, particularly general corporate overhead and fixed costs such as non-variable occupancy costs, through increases in additional locations and individual store sales. Enhancing our Brand Awareness through Continued Marketing and Promotion. We believe that a key component of our success is the brand exposure that we receive from our marketing events, promotions and activities that embody the action sports lifestyle. These are designed to assist us in increasing brand awareness in our existing markets and expanding into new markets by strengthening our connection with our target customer base. We believe that our marketing efforts have also been successful in generating and promoting interest in our product offerings. In addition, we use our television show “Adrenalina” to promote our branding and internet presence, all of which is designed to convey our passion for the action sports lifestyle. We plan to continue to expand our integrated marketing efforts by promoting more events and activities in our existing and new markets. Retail Our stores bring the look and feel of an independent specialty shop to the mall by emphasizing the action sports lifestyle through a one-of-a-kind store environment and high-energy sales personnel. We seek to staff our stores with store associates who are knowledgeable users of our products, which we believe provides our customers with enhanced customer service and supplements our ability to identify and react quickly to emerging trends and fashions. We design our stores to appeal to teenagers and to serve as a destination for our customers. Our current stores average approximately 7,500 square feet and prominently display our FlowRider® which is intended to generate more foot traffic and encourage our customers to shop for longer periods of time and to interact with each other and our store associates. To increase customer traffic, we generally locate our stores near busy areas of the mall such and prominently display our FlowRider®. We believe that our distinctive store concept and compelling store economics will provide continued opportunities for growth in both new and existing markets. 29 During 2007 we entered into a process of refining our merchandise distribution chain and product assortments by offering products that are distinct to the areas we operate. We believe that we provide a good mix of higher-end merchandise and name branding that improves the overall quality of our merchandise assortments and providing a deeper, more focused branding of products that more precisely meet the needs of our targeted customers. During the next year we will continue to focus on improving our supply chain by reducing both the time it takes to get inventory to the store and the time it takes to get inventory to the sales floor. Additionally, it is our belief that our current centralized inventory system will ensures better distribution to our stores and a quicker response based on market trends. The FlowRider® The FlowRider® is an in-store device that creates an artificial wave by shooting a compressed two inch thick sheet of water up a soft foam ramp. It simulates the sensation of surfing without entering the sea or ocean. As part of the Company's goal to provide a truly unique retailing experience, each of our stores feature a FlowRider, which serve as a source of publicity, customer traffic, and direct and indirect revenue to the stores. To this end, we have obtained the exclusive right to have a FlowRider® in a retail setting. Our FlowRider® produces an ideal attraction to connect with customers and gives us an opportunity to allow customers to actually test some of the products we sell. The FlowRider® also allows our patrons the benefit of “Dropping-in” on their own perfect unbroken wave, feeling the power and acceleration of carving a turn or doing other maneuvers; such as a cut-back on our perpetual wave. Adrenalina Television Our television series, Adrenalina, was the basis of our original concept, a retail store that could provide the same feelings and experiences that we promote in our show. Currently we produce and distribute our inventory of over 200, 30-minute episodes to the Sun Channel and SI-TV, whose broadcast areas include the United States and Latin American countries from Mexico to Argentina. The original show “Adrenalina” was first produced and distributed in Spanish, primarily targeting the Hispanic and Latin American markets, however our success in Latin America soon pushed us into the US market where we have been developing and producing our show in English since the second quarter of 2006. Over the last year our shows ratings have continuously increased through the United States and Latin America and helped develop our branding which we believe has increased awareness and traffic for our website. Generally our programming is geared towards the 12-34 male demographic however because of the increase in our brand awareness and presence in the market place we believe that new demographic groups are developing, which may in turn lead to the development of new or specialized programming. Currently we have two full-time employees dedicated to the series development, production and distribution of our show. However during the summer months when we are filming our series footage this number normally increases to include six full-time employees and three contractors. Adrenalina Publishing "Extremo Surf" is a bi-monthly Spanish language surf magazine that was purchased as part of a business combination with Extreme Publishing, LLC, during 2005. This magazine is distribution throughout Latin America and currently has circulation in El Salvador, Puerto Rico, Mexico, Costa Rico, Panama, Venezuela, Ecuador, Peru, Chile and Argentina. In addition during the fourth quarter of 2007 we were able to attract a number of advertisers because of our cross selling with the retail stores. Some of the advertisers from the extreme sports industry include Quiksilver, Reef, Ocean Pacific, and Vans which have added to the overall value of our distribution. Currently this magazine employees one full-time employee and shares two other employees with our other publications. "Death and Taxes" is a bi-monthly music/pop-culture magazine that we developed internally during 2006. This pop culture magazine has a centralized focus on music, film, television and video games. Our targeted readership ranges from ages 17 to 27, with an emphasis on distribution throughout most major cities such as New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, Miami, Seattle, Austin and more; while also concentrating on smaller secondary markets like New Jersey, Orange County, Philadelphia, and Ft. Lauderdale. Currently this magazine employees one full-time employee and shares two other employees with our other publications. “What-a Duck” magazine is a bi-monthly English language surf magazine that we developed internally during 2006. Our targeted readership ranges from ages 17 to 27, with an emphasis on distribution throughout with distribution throughout most major cities such as New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, Miami and Austin. Currently this magazine employees one full-time employee and shares two other employees with our other publications. 30 Management Information Systems During 2006 we implemented and integrated our Point of Sale perpetual inventory purchasing system (“Celerant”) to provide a baseline for our full integration of management information systems, sales and inventory. We believe that this system has helped to establish a model that we will use in all of our locations and provides us with an overall inventory management system. We intend to continue our utilization of this integrated system with our merchandise planning and allocation system, which will allow us to facilitate optimal distribution of our products to the stores. Celerant also provides us with a data warehouse application. This application provides us with a detailed “real time” current inventory listing, sales, and individual margin information. This tool also helps our purchasing staff in analyzing products and pricing strategies and our executive staff the ability to monitor key business performance indicators on a daily basis. Store managers in every location have online access to product signage, store level financial performance reports and advertising information. Through this technology we are able to streamline our merchandise handling and inventory management and as a result, lower our overall cost of inventory. This system also has helped us manage and improve the accuracy in forecasting of merchandise needs. Marketing and Advertising We seek to reach our target customer audience through a multi-faceted marketing approach that is designed to integrate our brand image with the action sports lifestyle. Our marketing efforts focus on reaching our customers in their environment, and feature extensive grassroots marketing events, which give our customers an opportunity to experience and participate in the action sports lifestyle. Additionally our marketing efforts incorporate local sporting and music event promotions, advertising in magazines popular with our target market such as snowboarding and skateboarding and interactive contest sponsorships that actively involve our customers with our brands and products. We believe that our immersion in the action sports lifestyle allows us to build credibility with our target audience and gather valuable feedback on evolving customer preferences. Purchasing and Distribution Our Merchandise Purchasing Department manages all aspects of merchandise procurement, determines initial pricing, develops product marketing plans and establishes stock levels and product mix. Our buying staff communicates daily with each of our stores to monitor shifts in consumer tastes and market trends. Additionally we purchase merchandise from over 200 vendors which gives us greater flexibility in meeting market demand. During 2007, Ed Hardy, our largest vendor, represented approximately 25.0% of our purchases and 35.0% of our total inventory. During 2006 there were no vendors that represented more than 10.0% of our purchases. We do not have any special arrangements with our largest supplier and we believe that if we were to lose this, or any other, suppliers for any reason, we would be able to replace those product lines without interruption in goods. Intellectual Property We own the following registered U.S. trademarks: · Adrenalina · Adrenalinatv · Extremo Surf In addition, we have a number of trademark applications pending with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. 31 Employees Adrenalina currently employs over 50 full-time individuals working on the retail operations, production and distribution of the media properties. Description of Property The Company's corporate headquarters are located at 20855 NE 16 Ave., Suite #C-16, Miami, Florida 33179, and consist of approximately 7,854 square feet of office space. Under the terms of our lease, which expires March 31, 2009 we pay a monthly rent of $5,504. Commencing April 1, 2008 this amount will be increased to $ 5,641 until the lease expires. The Company additionally has two stores located in Orlando and Miami, Florida. These stores average approximately 7,500 square feet of retail space. The terms of these leases expire through 2016 at approximately $38,500 per month. Through June 2, 2008 we had signed six additional store leases that average approximately 10,000 square feet of retail space. The following is a list of the new lease agreements we have signed and our scheduled opening date: Tampa, FL - International Plaza July, 2008 Atlanta, GA - North Pointe Mall September 2008 Dallas, TX - Willow Bend September 2008 Denver, CO - Cherry Creek October 2008 Houston, TX - Houston Galleria October 2008 East Rutherford, NJ - Meadowlands Xanadu June 2009 These new leases run through 2019 and under the terms of the leases we will pay an additional amount of approximately $237,200 per month. Legal Proceedings We are not currently subject to any legal proceedings that may have an adverse impact on our assets or results of operations. 32 DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Directors and Executive Officers The following table sets forth the names and ages of the members of our Board of Directors and our executive officers and the positions held by each. Name Age Position Ilia Lekach 58 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey Geller 34 President, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Director Jonathan Abenhaim 31 Senior Vice President-Media Operations Joseph Bouhadana 37 Director Neil Florin 41 Director Ilia Lekach has been Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of LQD Adrenalina since February 2007. From 1994 to 2007 Mr. Lekach was Chief Executive Officer of Parlux Fragrances, a manufacturer and distributor of prestige fragrances and beauty related products. He studied Industrial Engineering at Louisiana State University for two years; then transferred to the University of Miami. Jeffrey Geller was one of the founders of LQD Adrenalina and has been its President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer since September 2004. Mr. Geller was President and COO of Perfumania, Inc (NASDAQ:ECMV) from 2000 to 2004. Mr. Geller graduated from Tulane University in 1994 earning a bachelors degree in science with a Major in Engineering and a Minor in Business Administration. Jonathan Abenhaim has been Senior Vice President-Media Operations of LQD Adrenalina since 2004. From 2000 to 2004 he was employed as a food and beverage manager at the Tides Hotel in South Beach, Florida, working closely with major public relation firms and developing strong relationships in the marketing and media arenas. From the Tides, Mr. Abenhaim moved on to the Turnberry Resort and Club holding the position of Director of Restaurants. His entrepreneurial spirit led him to leave the Turnberry Hotel and open up his own company Eben Inc., developing a new concept in quality fast food. Sensing an opportunity to fill a void in the Hispanic media distribution industry, Mr. Abenhaim sold Eben Inc. and created Indika Media Group, which was acquired by Adrenalina in January of 2005. Mr. Abenhaim holds an International Marketing degree from Bay State College in Boston, MA. Joseph Bouhadana has been a director since October 2007. Mr. Bouhadana has served as Corporate IT Director for INTCOMEX Group, the largest IT distributor of branded computer components, generic accessories and networking peripherals in Latin America and Caribbean regions with thirteen offices in ten countries, since January 2005. Prior thereto, Mr. Bouhadana served as Vice President of Information Technology of IFX Network & Tutopia.com, a privately owned Internet service provider with a presence in nine countries in Latin America, from September 2000 to January 2005. Mr. Bouhadana, was appointed in 2002 to the Board of Directors of Perfumania (ECMV) as an independent board member, member of the Audit, Compensation and Stock Option Committees. Mr. Bouhadana received his Master in computer science and BBA from the University of Montreal, Canada. Neil Florin has been a director since February 2008. Mr. Florin received a Bachelors of Arts Degree from S.U.N.Y. Binghamton in 1988 and a Juris Doctor Degree from Emory University in 1991. He was a trial lawyer for the Law Firm of Chaikin and Sherman, P.C. from 1991-1999. He has been the chief executive officer of South Florida Vending, Inc., The Java Market, Inc. and AST Media since 1999. South Florida Vending, Inc. is a full service vending company that services over 1200 customers in South Florida. Java Market, Inc. is a coffee service company that provides full service office coffee service and specializes in our private label "The Java Market". AST Media operates scrolling media trucks in South Florida. The officers of the Company hold office until their successors are elected and qualified or until their death, resignation or removal. None of the directors have been paid any compensation for the services provided for us. 33 Code of Ethics The Company has not adopted a Code of Ethics as required by Section 406 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act. Audit Committee and Financial Expert The Company does not have a formal audit committee. Our Board of Directors as a group acts in the capacity as the audit committee. There have been no Board of Director meetings held. Financial information relating to the audited financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 were provided to each member of the board in which any concerns by the members were directed to management and the auditors. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance. Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our officers and directors and those persons who beneficially own more than 10% of the Company’s outstanding shares of common stock to file reports of securities ownership and changes in such ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Officers, directors, and greater than 10% beneficial owners are also required by rules promulgated by the SEC to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Since they joined the Company in October 2007, not all of the Section 16(a) filing requirements that are applicable to our officers, directors and greater than 10% beneficial owners were complied with. The Company is in the process of assisting these individuals in their compliance with Section 16. 34 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 2007 Summary Compensation Table The table below summarizes the total compensation paid or earned by the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, and two other most highly compensated executive officers for the year ended December 31, 2007, the Company’s first year operation. In accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the table omits columns that are not relevant. Name and principal position (a) Year (b) Salary* ($) (c) Total ($) (j) Ilia Lekach 2007 23,629 23,629 Jeffrey Geller 2007 360,000 360,000 Yonatan Feldman (1) 2007 130,000 130,000 · For each person, consists of compensation paid during the entire year, including salaries paid by Adrenalina prior to the completion of the reverse merger. Prior to the reverse merger, we paid no compensation to any officer or director. (1) Yonathan Feldman is no longer an employee of the Company DIRECTOR COMPENSATION * (During Last Completed Fiscal Year) Name (a) Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (b) Stock Awards ($) (c) Option Awards ($) (d) (4) Total ($) (j) Joseph Bouhadana $ - $ - $ - $ - Bryan Feldman (2) $ - $ - $ - $ - * In accordance with the rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, certain columns relating to information that is not applicable have been omitted from this table. (2) Mr. Feldman is no longer a director of the Company. Pension Benefits None of the Company’s named executive officers are covered by a defined pension plan, defined contribution plan, or other similar benefit plan that provides for payments or other benefits. Nonqualified Defined Contribution and Other Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plans The Company does not maintain any nonqualified compensation plans. 35 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth information as of June 2, 2008 regarding the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock, based on information provided by (i) each of our executive officers and directors; (ii) all executive officers and directors as a group; and (iii) each person who is known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock. The percentage ownership in this table is based on 19,853,000 shares issued and outstanding as of June 2, 2008. The address of each beneficial owner is in care of the Company, 20855 N.E. 16th Ave. suite c-16 Miami Fl 33179. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the following table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock that they beneficially own. Beneficial Owner Number of Shares Beneficially Owned Percentage of Shares Beneficially Owned Executive Officers and Directors: Ilia Lekach (1) 13,184,000 (1) 66.4 % Jeffrey Geller 454,000 2.3 % Jonathan Abenhaim 180,000 * Joseph Bouhadana - - Neil Florin - - IZJD Corp. 7,200,000 36.3 All directors and named executive officers as a group (7 persons) 13,818,000 69.6 % * Less than one percent. (1) Includes 7,200,000 shares owned by IZJD Corp. Mr. Lekach holds voting power over the shares held by this entity. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act. The number of shares beneficially owned by a person includes shares of common stock underlying options or warrants held by that person that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of June 2, 2008. The shares issuable pursuant to the exercise of those options or warrants are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of the person holding those options and warrants but are not deemed outstanding for the purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The persons and entities named in the table have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to the shares set forth opposite that person’s name, subject to community property laws, where applicable, unless otherwise noted in the applicable footnote. Beneficial ownership percentage calculations are based on 19,853,000 shares issued and outstanding as of June 2, 2008. 36 MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Market Information Our common stock has been included for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol AENA.OB since December 14, 2007. The following table shows the reported high and low closing bid quotations per share for our common stock based on information provided by the OTC Bulletin Board. Particularly since our common stock is traded infrequently, such over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without markup, markdown or commissions and may not necessarily represent actual transactions or a liquid trading market. High Low Fiscal 2008 1st Quarter $ 1.60 $ 0.65 Fiscal 2007 4th Quarter $ 2.00 $ 1.50 Number of Stockholders As of June 2, 2008, there were approximately 115 holders of record of our common stock. Dividend Policy Historically, we have not paid any dividends to the holders of our common stock and we do not expect to pay any such dividends in the foreseeable future as we expect to retain our future earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business. 37 SELLING STOCKHOLDERS The following table presents information regarding the selling stockholders. Selling Stockholder Shares Beneficially Owned Prior to Offering* Shares to be Sold in Offering Shares Beneficially Owned After Offering Percentage Beneficial Ownership After Offering Enable Growth Partners LP (1) 7,200,000 7,200,000 - n/a Enable Opportunity Partners LP (2) 800,000 800,000 - n/a Gilford Securities Incorporated (3) 353,000 353,000 - n/a Total 8,353,000 8,353,000 - * The number and percentage of shares beneficially owned is determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such rule, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which the selling stockholder has sole or shared voting power or investment power and also any shares, which the selling stockholder has the right to acquire within 60 days. Nevertheless, for purposes hereof, for each selling stockholder does not give effect to the 4.9% limitation on the number of shares that may be held by each stockholder as agreed to in the warrant held by each selling stockholder which limitation is subject to waiver by the holder upon 61 days prior written notice to us (subject to a further non-waivable limitation of 9.99%). (1) Consists of 3,600,000 shares issuable upon conversion of convertible debentures and 3,600,000 shares issuable upon exercise of warrants. Mitch Levine in his capacity of Managing Partner holds voting and dispositive power over the shares held by Enable Growth Partners LP. (2) Consists of 400,000 shares issuable upon conversion of convertible debentures and 400,000 shares issuable upon exercise of warrants. Mitch Levine in his capacity of Managing Partner holds voting and dispositive power over the shares held by Enable Opportunity Partners LP. (3) Robert Maley holds voting and dispositive power over the shares held by Gilford Securities Incorporated. 38 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS As of June 2, 2008 we owed our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer the principal amount of $3,294,267, representing funds advanced by him to allow us to continue our operations. The note accrues interest at the annual rate of 5% and is due in 35 equal monthly installments starting in November 2010. The note may be prepaid at any time without penalty. During 2006, we advanced $239,300 to Blue Neon, LLC an unconsolidated affiliate which is 50% owned by our Chief Executive Officer this note was repaid during 2007. During 2006, we entered into a joint venture to develop property, with Inversiones Oceano, Uno a related party owned by our Chief Executive Officer. As part of this agreement, we advanced $1,250,000 in the form of a non-interest bearing, convertible, demand note. During the fourth quarter of 2006, we opted not to convert this note to shares of the joint venture; this note was repaid during 2007. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES Our authorized capital consists of 70,000,000 shares of common stock, $.001 par value per share, of which 19,853,000 shares were issued and outstanding as of June 2, 2008, as well 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, none of which have been issued. The following description is a summary of the material terms of our common stock and is qualified by our Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws as currently in effect. Common Stock Each holder of common stock is entitled to receive ratable dividends, if any, as may be declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends. As of the date of this prospectus, we have not paid any dividends on our common stock, and none are contemplated in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that all earnings that may be generated from our operations will be used to finance our growth. Holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record. There are no cumulative voting rights in the election of directors. Thus the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding shares of common stock can elect all of our directors if they choose to do so. The holders of our common stock have no preemptive, subscription, conversion or redemption rights. Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the holders of our common stock are entitled to receive our assets pro rata. Transfer Agent and Registrar The Transfer Agent and Registrar for the Company’s Common Stock is Empire Stock Transfer Inc. 39 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION Each Selling Stockholder (the “ Selling Stockholders ”) of the common stock and any of their pledges, assignees and successors-in-interest may, from time to time, sell any or all of their shares of common stock on the OTC Bulletin Board or any other stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the shares are traded or in private transactions. These sales may be at fixed or negotiated prices. A Selling Stockholder may use any one or more of the following methods when selling shares: · ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers; · block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the shares as agent but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction; · purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account; · an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange; · privately negotiated transactions; · settlement of short sales entered into after the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part; · broker-dealers may agree with the Selling Stockholders to sell a specified number of such shares at a stipulated price per share; · through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise; · a combination of any such methods of sale; or · any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law. The Selling Stockholders may also sell shares under Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “ Securities Act ”), if available, rather than under this prospectus. Broker-dealers engaged by the Selling Stockholders may arrange for other brokers-dealers to participate in sales. Broker-dealers may receive commissions or discounts from the Selling Stockholders (or, if any broker-dealer acts as agent for the purchaser of shares, from the purchaser) in amounts to be negotiated, but, except as set forth in a supplement to this Prospectus, in the case of an agency transaction not in excess of a customary brokerage commission in compliance with NASDR Rule 2440; and in the case of a principal transaction a markup or markdown in compliance with NASDR IM-2440. In connection with the sale of the common stock or interests therein, the Selling Stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of the common stock in the course of hedging the positions they assume. The Selling Stockholders may also sell shares of the common stock short and deliver these securities to close out their short positions, or loan or pledge the common stock to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these securities. The Selling Stockholders may also enter into option or other transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions or the creation of one or more derivative securities which require the delivery to such broker-dealer or other financial institution of shares offered by this prospectus, which shares such broker-dealer or other financial institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction). The Selling Stockholders and any broker-dealers or agents that are involved in selling the shares may be deemed to be “underwriters” within the meaning of the Securities Act in connection with such sales. In such event, any commissions received by such broker-dealers or agents and any profit on the resale of the shares purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts under the Securities Act. Each Selling Stockholder has informed the Company that it does not have any written or oral agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the Common Stock. In no event shall any broker-dealer receive fees, commissions and markups which, in the aggregate, would exceed eight percent (8%). The Company is required to pay certain fees and expenses incurred by the Company incident to the registration of the shares. The Company has agreed to indemnify the Selling Stockholders against certain losses, claims, damages and liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Because Selling Stockholders may be deemed to be “underwriters” within the meaning of the Securities Act, they will be subject to the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act including Rule 172 thereunder. In addition, any securities covered by this prospectus which qualify for sale pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act may be sold under Rule 144 rather than under this prospectus. There is no underwriter or coordinating broker acting in connection with the proposed sale of the resale shares by the Selling Stockholders. 40 We agreed to keep this prospectus effective until the earlier of (i) the date on which the shares may be resold by the Selling Stockholders without registration and without regard to any volume limitations by reason of Rule 144(k) under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect or (ii) all of the shares have been sold pursuant to this prospectus or Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect. The resale shares will be sold only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers if required under applicable state securities laws. In addition, in certain states, the resale shares may not be sold unless they have been registered or qualified for sale in the applicable state or an exemption from the registration or qualification requirement is available and is complied with. Under applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act, any person engaged in the distribution of the resale shares may not simultaneously engage in market making activities with respect to the common stock for the applicable restricted period, as defined in Regulation M, prior to the commencement of the distribution. In addition, the Selling Stockholders will be subject to applicable provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, including Regulation M, which may limit the timing of purchases and sales of shares of the common stock by the Selling Stockholders or any other person. We will make copies of this prospectus available to the Selling Stockholders and have informed them of the need to deliver a copy of this prospectus to each purchaser at or prior to the time of the sale (including by compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act). CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE Effective on or about October 26, 2007, our Board of Directors dismissed Moore & Associates Chartered ("Moore") as our independent auditors. On or about October 26, 2007, our Board of Directors engaged Goldstein Schechter Koch Price Lucas Horwitz & Company, PA, Miami, Florida to serve as our registrant's independent registered public accounting firm and to audit our financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2007 and the interim periods for 2008. During our prior fiscal year and the period from March 28, 2007 (inception), through the date of dismissal, there have been no disagreements with Moore on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements if not resolved to the satisfaction of Moore would have caused it to make reference thereto in its reports on our financial statements. In addition, for the same periods, there have been no reportable events (as defined in Regulation S-K Item 304(a)(1)(v)). Moore's report on our financial statements for the year ended April 30, 2007 did not contain any adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles, except that the report indicated that there was a substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern and that the financial statements did not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. LEGAL MATTERS The validity of the common stock has been passed upon by Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP, New York, New York. EXPERTS The consolidated financial statements of LQD Adrenalina , LLC and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2007, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for the two years then ended , included in this prospectus, have been audited by Goldstein Schechter Koch Price Lucas Horwitz & Co., PA , an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report appearing herein, and elsewhere in the registration statement, and have been so included in reliance upon the report of such firm given upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. 41 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form SB-2 under the Securities Act for the common stock to be sold in this offering. This prospectus does not contain all of the information in the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules that were filed with the registration statement. For further information with respect to the common stock and us, we refer you to the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules that were filed with the registration statement. Statements made in this prospectus regarding the contents of any contract, agreement or other document that is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement are not necessarily complete, and we refer you to the full text of the contract or other document filed as an exhibit to the registration statement. A copy of the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules that were filed with the registration statement may be inspected without charge at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, Washington, DC 20549. Copies of all or any part of the registration statement may be obtained from the SEC upon payment of the prescribed fee. Information regarding the operation of the public reference rooms may be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains a web site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the SEC. The address of the site is http://www.sec.gov. DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES Under the Nevada General Corporation Law and our Articles of Incorporation, as amended, our directors will have no personal liability to us or our stockholders for monetary damages incurred as the result of the breach or alleged breach by a director of his "duty of care". This provision does not apply to the directors' (i) acts or omissions that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing and culpable violation of law, (ii) acts or omissions that a director believes to be contrary to the best interests of the corporation or its shareholders or that involve the absence of good faith on the part of the director, (iii) approval of any transaction from which a director derives an improper personal benefit, (iv) acts or omissions that show a reckless disregard for the director's duty to the corporation or its shareholders in circumstances in which the director was aware, or should have been aware, in the ordinary course of performing a director's duties, of a risk of serious injury to the corporation or its shareholders, (v) acts or omissions that constituted an unexcused pattern of inattention that amounts to an abdication of the director's duty to the corporation or its shareholders, or (vi) approval of an unlawful dividend, distribution, stock repurchase or redemption. This provision would generally absolve directors of personal liability for negligence in the performance of duties, including gross negligence. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 42 ADRENALINA CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2007 and 2006 Table of Contents Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-1 Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2007 F-2 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 F-5 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 43 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors Adrenalina and Subsidiaries Miami, Florida We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Adrenalina and subsidiaries (the “Company” or “Adrenalina”) as of December 31, 2007, and the related consolidated statements of operations, equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31, 2007. Adrenalina’s management is responsible for the financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Adrenalina as of December 31, 2007, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31, 2007 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As explained in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company incurred a net loss of approximately $5,767,000 in 2007. Additionally, the Company has an accumulated deficit of approximately $9,408,000 at December 31, 2007 and is currently unable to generate sufficient cash flow to fund current operations. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans are discussed in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. /s/ Goldstein Schechter Koch Price Lucas Horwitz & Co., P.A. Miami, Florida April 15, 2008 F-1 ADRENALINA Consolidated Balance Sheet December 31, 2007 2007 Assets Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 444,843 Investments in securities available for sale 27,773 Accounts receivable, net 35,197 Merchandise inventories 1,678,937 Film costs, net 96,800 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 211,621 Total Current Assets 2,495,171 Deferred loan costs, net 643,027 Property and equipment, net 4,963,920 Intangible assets, net 248,444 5,855,391 Total Assets $ 8,350,562 Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity Current Liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities $ 1,106,924 Shareholder advances 399,930 Total Current Liabilities 1,506,854 Long-Term Liabilities: Deferred rent 582,114 Related party note 3,294,267 Convertible debenture net of discount of $1,258,366 1,741,634 Total Long-Term Liabilities 5,618,015 Commitments and contingencies Shareholders’ Equity Common stock, $0.001 par value, 50,000,000 shares authorized, 19,453,000 issued and outstanding 19,453 Additional paid-in capital 10,614,128 Accumulated deficit (9,407,888 ) Total Shareholders’ Equity 1,225,693 Total Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity $ 8,350,562 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. F-2 ADRENALINA Consolidated Statements of Operations For the Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 2007 2006 (as restated, see Note 16) Revenues: Merchandise sales $ 2,401,205 $ 422,887 Entertainment - related party 282,219 1,547,225 Entertainment - other 383,800 241,051 Publishing 186,647 162,823 Total Revenues 3,253,871 2,373,986 Cost of Revenues: Merchandise 1,451,352 243,472 Entertainment licensing fees 488,265 623,554 Production 328,423 300,876 Total Cost of Revenues 2,268,040 1,167,902 Gross Profit 985,831 1,206,084 Operating Expenses: Payroll and employee benefits 2,100,790 966,499 Occupancy expense 1,923,441 785,824 Marketing and advertising expense 530,354 480,393 Professional fees 443,139 396,641 Other selling, general and administrative 330,161 180,329 Amortization - film costs 1,008,416 1,274,853 Depreciation - fixed assets 320,324 106,434 Total Operating Expenses 6,656,625 4,190,973 Other (Income) and Expenses Interest income (15,387 ) (16,690 ) Realized gain on sale of investments (19,522 ) - Interest expense 131,068 - Impairment loss - 97,500 Total Other (Income) and Expenses 96,159 80,810 Net Loss $ (5,766,953 ) $ (3,065,699 ) Net loss per share $ (0.32 ) $ (0.17 ) Common shares used in calculation per share data 18,262,734 18,000,000 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. F-3 ADRENALINA Consolidated Statements of Equity For the Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 Members’ Equity Common Shares Common Stock Additional Paid In Capital Accumulated Deficit Subscription Notes Receivable Total Equity Balance at January 1, 2006 $ 8,971,939 - $ - $ - $ (568,358 ) $ (5,480,406 ) $ 2,923,175 Property received - - - - - 4,000 4,000 Cash received - - - - - 5,476,406 5,476,406 Consolidated affiliate- acquisition 6,878 - - - (6,878 ) - - Net loss - - - - (3,065,699 ) - (3,065,699 ) Balance at December 31, 2006 (as restated see note 15) 8,978,817 - - - (3,640,935 ) - 5,337,882 Issuance of common stock for services - 353,000 353 352,647 - - 353,000 Issuance of warrants with convertible debt - - - 1,301,764 - - 1,301,764 Effect of Reverse Acquisition (8,978,817 ) 19,100,000 19,100 8,959,717 - - - Net loss - - - - (5,766,953 ) - (5,766,953 ) Balance at December 31, 2007 $ - 19,453,000 $ 19,453 $ 10,614,128 $ (9,407,888 ) $ - $ 1,225,693 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. F-4 ADRENALINA Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 2007 2006 (as restated, see Note 16) Cash from Operating Activities: Net loss $ (5,766,953 ) $ (3,065,699 ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 1,328,741 1,381,287 Impairment loss - 97,500 Gain on sale of investments (19,522 ) - Amortization of discount on convertible debenture 22,173 - Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable 144,179 (50,470 ) Merchandise inventories (878,936 ) (741,596 ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets 10,404 (51,683 ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 523,713 353,828 Deferred rent 582,114 - Total Adjustments 1,712,866 988,866 Net Cash Used in Operating Activities (4,054,087 ) (2,076,833 ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Incurred film costs (573,385 ) (853,616 ) Purchase of investments available for sale securities (2,182,020 ) - Proceeds from sale of investments available for sale securities 2,173,769 - Purchase of property and equipment, net (2,842,190 ) (1,771,868 ) Net Cash Used in Investing Activities (3,423,826 ) (2,625,484 ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from short term shareholder advances 148,835 251,095 Repayments of short term related parties notes (35,000 ) (35,000 ) Proceeds from related party note 3,330,786 Payments of loan costs - deferred (312,200 ) - Proceeds from note payable 3,000,000 - Issuance of affiliate note receivable - (1,492,534 ) Repayment of affiliate note receivable 1,492,534 - Proceeds from contributed capital - 5,487,284 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 7,624,955 4,210,845 Net Decrease in Cash and Cash Equivalents 147,042 (491,472 ) Cash and Cash Equivalents - Beginning of Year 297,801 789,273 Cash and Cash Equivalents - End of Year $ 444,843 $ 297,801 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. F-5 ADRENALINA Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - continued For the Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 2007 2006 Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information: Cash paid for interest $ 27,452 $ - Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Information: Issuance of warrants with convertible debt $ 1,056,299 $ - Effect of beneficial conversion feature $ 245,465 $ - Issuance of common stock for services $ 353,000 $ - Member interest exchanged for property $ - $ 4,000 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. F-6 ADRENALINA Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 Note 1 — Description of Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Description of Business and Basis of Consolidation Adrenalina (the “Company” or “Adrenalina”), f/k/a LQD Adrenalina, LLC, a privately-held Limited Liability Company headquartered in Miami, Florida was formed on September 13, 2004. Basic Services, Inc. (“BSI”), a Nevada corporation, was organized March 28, 2007 (Date of Inception) and incorporated as a subsidiary of Eaton Laboratories, Inc., ("Eaton"), also a Nevada corporation. On March 30, 2007, BSI's parent corporation, Eaton entered into an Acquisition Agreement and Plan of Merger ("Agreement") with Hydrogen Hybrid Technologies, Inc. ("HHT"), a privately-held Canadian corporation. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, HHT acquired Eaton, and Eaton agreed to spin off its wholly-owned subsidiary, Basic Services, Inc. On April 30, 2007, the record shareholders of Eaton received one unregistered, par value $0.001, share of Basic Services, Inc. common stock for every share of Eaton Laboratories common stock owned. The Basic Services, Inc. stock dividend was based on 10,873,750 shares of Eaton common stock that were issued and outstanding as of the record date. The spin off did not include any stock issued to the shareholders of Hydrogen Hybrid Technologies, Inc., who received Eaton shares pursuant to the Agreement with Eaton. Eaton retained no ownership in BSI following the spin off. Further, BSI was no longer a subsidiary of Eaton. On October 26, 2007, BSI and a newly formed subsidiary of BSI ("Merger Sub") and Adrenalina entered into an Acquisition Agreement and Plan of Merger ("Acquisition") pursuant to which BSI, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Merger Sub, acquired 100% of the membership interests in Adrenalina in exchange for 18,000,000 shares of the BSI common stock which were issued to the owners of the membership interests in Adrenalina. Immediately after the Acquisition was consummated and further to the Acquisition Agreement, the four largest shareholders of BSI cancelled 9,773,750 shares of the BSI Common Stock held by them. The transaction contemplated by the Agreement was intended to be a "tax-free" reorganization pursuant to the provisions of Section 351 and 368(a)(1)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Immediately prior to the Acquisition, BSI was a reporting corporation with limited activity. For accounting purposes, this transaction was accounted for as a reverse acquisition, since the stockholders of Adrenalina own a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the BSI and the directors and executive officers of Adrenalina became the directors and executive officers of the BSI. As a consequence the historical financial information presented herein represents that of Adrenalina. F-7 ADRENALINA Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements continued Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 Note 1 — Description of Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - continued On December 13, 2007, BSI changed its name to Adrenalina. The Company is a media, retail and entertainment company headquartered in South Florida. The Company operates in Latin America and throughout the United States. Adrenalina’s operations are concentrated in three lines of business: Entertainment: theatrical and TV film and music production and distribution Merchandise Sales: extreme sports and adventure themed stores located in regional shopping malls, principally in Florida. Publishing: extreme sports and music oriented periodical publishing and distribution The consolidated financial statements include the company and all wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions between consolidated companies have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company consolidated the results of operations for Extreme Publishing, LLC, in which it held an 80% interest until 2006. The Company additionally consolidated the results of operations of Time Code, LLC, which was a company under common control for the year ended December 31, 2005. During 2006, the company acquired 100% ownership interest in both of these entities. Use of Estimates The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and footnotes thereto. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates inherent in the preparation of the accompanying consolidated financial statements include accounting for depreciation and amortization, film costs, goodwill, barter transactions, business combinations, the beneficial conversion feature on the convertible debenture, warrants, deferred rent, loan costs and contingencies. Inventories Retail Merchandise The Company’s retail inventories in the amount of approximately $1,679,000 as of December 31, 2007 is comprised primarily of extreme sports and adventure life-style equipment and clothing, which are valued at the lower of cost or market using the weighted average cost method that approximates the first-in, first-out (“FIFO”) method. F-8 ADRENALINA Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements continued Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 Note 1 — Description of Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - continued Inventories - continued Inventory costs also include the direct cost of warehousing, handling, purchasing, and transporting the inventory to the stores. Vendor allowances, which primarily represent volume rebates and cooperative advertising funds, are recorded as a reduction of the cost of the merchandise inventories. The cost of warehousing, handling, purchasing, and transporting, as well as vendor allowances, are recognized through cost of sales when the inventories are sold. The Company maintains a provision for estimated shrinkage based on the actual historical results of our physical inventories. The Company also records an adjustment to the value of inventory equal to the difference between the carrying value and the estimated market value, based on seasonal trends, sales activities of merchandise and assumptions about demand for products. As of December 31, 2007 the Company’s valuation allowance on retail inventories was not material. Film Costs The Company accounts for film costs, as well as related revenues (“film accounting”), in accordance with the guidance in SOP 00-2, that requires the exercise of judgment related to the film’s ultimate revenues. Film costs consist of the costs of completed television episodes, completed and unreleased episodes and in process production costs, all reflected at the lower of cost, less accumulated amortization, or fair value. As film costs are capitalized by the Company, management estimates the ultimate revenues, less additional costs to be incurred, in order to determine whether the value of a film is realizable or has been impaired. Impairment, if noted, is recorded in the period of identification. Additionally, management amortizes the existing carrying value of film costs based on the proportion of the film’s revenues recognized for each period as compared to the film’s estimated ultimate revenues. Prior to release, management bases its estimates of ultimate revenues for each film on factors such as the historical performance of similar films, the star power of the lead actors and actresses, the rating and genre of the film. Management updates such estimates based on information available on the progress of the film’s production and, upon release, the actual results of each film. Changes in estimates of ultimate revenues from period to period affect the amount of film costs amortized in a given period and, therefore, could have an impact on the financial results for that period. A failure to adjust for a downward change in ultimate revenues estimates could result in the understatement of capitalized film costs amortization for the period. The Company recorded film cost amortization of approximately $1,008,000 and $1,275,000 in 2007 and 2006, respectively. Included in film cost amortization are film impairments primarily related to pre-release films of approximately $527,000 in 2007, there were no such impairments during 2006. F-9 ADRENALINA Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements continued Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 Note 1 — Description of Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - continued Recent Accounting Standards Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes - In June 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued FASB Interpretation No. 48, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes - an interpretation of Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (“SFAS” No. 109 (“FIN 48”), which clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income tax positions. This Interpretation requires that the Company recognize in the consolidated financial statements the tax benefits related to tax positions that are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the position. The provisions of FIN 48 became effective for Adrenalina as of the beginning of the Company’s 2007 fiscal year. The adoption of this Interpretation did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements. Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities - In February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 159, The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities (“SFAS 159”). SFAS 159 permits companies to choose to measure, on an instrument-by-instrument basis, financial instruments and certain other items at fair value, that are not currently required to be measured at fair value. The adoption of this Statement did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements. Business Combinations - On December 4, 2007, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No. 141 (Revised 2007), Business Combinations (“SFAS 141”). SFAS 141R, changes the accounting for business combinations. Under Statement 141R, an acquiring entity will be required to recognize all the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a transaction at the acquisition-date fair value with limited exceptions. Statement 141R will change the accounting treatment for certain specific items, including but not limited to: acquisition costs, non-controlling interests, acquired contingent liabilities, in-process research and development and restructuring costs. Statement 141 applies prospectively to business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of the first annual reporting period beginning on or after December 15, 2008. The impact of adoption is not expected to be material to the Company’s financial statements. Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements - On December 4, 2007, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No. 160, Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements - An Amendment of ARB No. 51 (“SFAS 160”). SFAS 160 establishes new accounting and reporting standards for the non-controlling interest in a subsidiary and for the deconsolidation of a subsidiary in certain circumstances. Specifically, this statement requires the recognition of a non-controlling interest (minority interest) as equity in the consolidated financial statements and separate from the parent’s equity. The amount of net income attributable to the non-controlling interest will be included in consolidated net income on the face of the income statement. SFAS No. 160 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within these fiscal years, beginning on or after December 15, 2008. The impact of adoption is not expected to be material to the Company’s consolidated financial statements. F-10 ADRENALINA Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements continued Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 Note 1 — Description of Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - continued Recent Accounting Standards - continued In September 2006, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) issued Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No. 108 in order to eliminate the diversity of practice surrounding how public companies quantify financial statement misstatements. In SAB 108, the SEC staff established an approach that requires quantification of financial statement misstatements based on the effects of the misstatements on each of the Company’s financial statements and the related financial statement disclosures. SAB No. 108 is effective for the Company for its current fiscal year. The adoption of SAB No. 108 did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all highly liquid accounts with an original maturity date of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains bank accounts in US banks, which at times, may exceed federally insured limits. Accounts Receivable Accounts receivable, including credit card receivables, represent amounts currently due to the Company under contractual obligations or for services performed. When necessary, the Company evaluates and maintains an allowance for these accounts to reduce such balances to the amount deemed collectible. At December 31, 2007, the Company recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts of approximately $2,100. Investments in Securities Available for Sale The Company’s investments in marketable securities are classified as available for sale, reported at fair market value, and unrealized gains and losses (if any) would be reported as a component of other comprehensive income. Recognized gains and losses from sales of marketable securities or permanent declines in value, if any, are reported in other income and expense as incurred. As of December 31, 2007, the difference between the costs and fair value of these securities was not material to the financial statements. Property and Equipment Property and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are provided using the straight line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets, ranging from 3 - 10 years, or over the lesser of the term of the lease or the estimated useful life of the assets under lease. Normal repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred whereas significant improvements which materially increase values or extend useful lives are capitalized and depreciated over the remaining estimated useful lives of the related assets. F-11 ADRENALINA Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements continued Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 Note 1 — Description of Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - continued Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - continued Intangible Assets As a creator and distributor of branded information and copyrighted products, Adrenalina has intangible assets consisting of: copyrighted products and trademarks. Costs incurred to create or extend brands, such as magazine titles, generally result in losses over an extended development period and are recognized as a reduction of income as incurred. Intangible assets acquired, including those acquired as part of business combinations, accounted for under the purchase method of accounting, are recorded at fair value on the Company’s consolidated balance sheet. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and Intangible Assets The Company reviews the carrying value of its long-lived assets, including indefinite-lived intangible assets consisting primarily of trademarks and brand names, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the historical cost carrying value of an asset may no longer be appropriate. The Company assesses recoverability of the carrying value of the assets by estimating the future net cash flows expected to result from the assets, including eventual disposition. If the future net cash flows are less than the carrying value of the assets, an impairment loss is recorded equal to the difference between the asset’s carrying value and its fair value. During 2006 the Company temporarily stopped publication and distribution of its magazine Extremo Surf after the first two quarter sales fell below expected results. This decline, coupled with the near-term financial forecasts, resulted in an estimated fair value that was considerably lower than the carrying value of the reporting unit. As a result the Company recorded an impairment charge for the full value of goodwill $97,500, related to the purchase of this magazine. Warranty Cost The products sold in the Company’s stores are covered by various manufacturer warranty provisions. The Company generally does not record a liability for defective products refunds or claims. Warranty expense and product returns were not material the financial statements. Pre-opening Costs Costs incurred in connection with retail locations prior to the opening of a retail store, which consisted primarily of payroll, training, marketing, rent, travel and supplies, are expensed as incurred. F-12 ADRENALINA Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements continued Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 Note 1 — Description of Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - continued Summary of Significant Accounting Policies -continued Leases The Company leases its main office, warehouse and store locations. Certain leases contain scheduled rent increases, construction allowances and may include an initial period of free or reduced rent as an inducement to enter into the lease agreement (“rent holidays”). The company recognizes rental expense for scheduled rent increases, construction allowances and rent holidays on a straight-line basis over the terms of the underlying leases. The calculation of straight-line rent is based on the “reasonably assured” lease term as defined in SFAS No. 98, Accounting for Leases: Sale-Leaseback Transactions Involving Real Estate, Sales Type Leases of Real Estate, Definition of the Lease Term, and Initial Direct Costs of Direct Financing Leases - an amendment of FASB Statements No. 13, 66 and 91 and a rescission of SFAS Statement No. 26 and Technical Bulletin No. 79-11. This amended definition of the lease term may exceed the initial non-cancelable lease term. Revenue Recognition Retail Revenue for sales of merchandise is recognized when merchandise is sold and delivered to the customer. The Company maintains a reserve for product returns and discounts. Retail revenue also includes income from its point-of-sale entertainment attraction, the Flow Rider ®. Revenue, from the FlowRider ® is recorded at the time services are provided to the customer. Retail revenue is reported net of sales tax which amounted to approximately $149,000 and $29,000 in 2007 and 2006, respectively. Film Television entertainment series are produced for foreign or domestic cable and syndicated television markets. Revenues from the distribution of television product are recognized when the following criteria are met: persuasive evidence of a sale or licensing arrangement exists; the film is complete and, in accordance with the terms of the arrangement, has been delivered or is available for immediate and unconditional delivery; the license period of the arrangement has begun and the Company can begin its exploitation, exhibition, or sale; the arrangement fee is fixed or determinable, and; collection of the arrangement fee is reasonably assured. F-13 ADRENALINA Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements continued Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 Note 1 — Description of Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - continued Summary of Significant Accounting Policies -continued Revenue Recognition - continued Barter In the normal course of operations, the Company enters into barter transactions whereby it exchanges programming product for advertising time that it can use or resell. The advertising time is provided by broadcasting companies in the United States and Central and South America. These transactions are valued at the fair value of the related programming products based on comparable arrangements in the broadcast areas. These transactions are accounted for at the time the programming is broadcast and the advertising is used. During the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, the total value of the recorded barter transactions was $337,600 and $241,050, respectively. Publishing Magazine advertising revenues are recognized at the magazine cover date. Magazine sales revenues are primarily generated from bulk orders from retail outlets such as newsstands, supermarkets and convenience stores. Revenues from these sales are recorded when the magazines are placed with the vendor, less an allowance for returns. At December 31, 2007 the Company recorded an allowance for returns of 88.8% or $39,141 for all open issues. Gift Cards Cash received from the sale of gift cards is recorded as a liability, and revenue is recognized upon the redemption of the gift card or when it is determined that the likelihood of redemption is remote. At December 31, 2007 the Company had recorded gift card liabilities of approximately $43,000. Shipping Costs Shipping and handling costs, generally related to merchandise sales over the internet, are included in cost of revenues. Shipping and handling costs invoiced to customers, if any, are included in revenues. Advertising Costs The Company expenses advertising costs when incurred. Advertising expense paid to third parties during the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 was $127,306 and $159,538, respectively. Additionally the Company included in advertising expense bartered transactions with broadcasters, whereas the Company provides its film for broadcast and receives in return air time which is used to promote their products. During the year ended December 31, 2007 the Company received 884 minutes of ad space valued at $252,000. These costs and associated revenues are recorded in the consolidated statement of operations. There were no similar transactions during 2006. F-14 ADRENALINA Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements continued Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 Note 1 — Description of Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - continued Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - continued Convertible Debenture The Company issued a convertible debenture with a beneficial conversion feature whereby the conversion feature is “in the money” in accordance with guidance supplied by Emerging Issues Task Force (“EITF”) No. 98-5, “Accounting for Convertible Securities with Beneficial Conversion Features or Contingently Adjustable Conversion Ratios” and EITF No. 00-27, “Application of Issue EITF No. 98-5 to Certain Convertible Instruments”. The beneficial conversion feature was recorded at fair value as a debt discount. The Company also issued warrants in connection with the convertible debt. The debt discount will be amortized to interest expense over the term of the debt. The recorded debt discount was calculated at the issuance date as the difference between the conversion price and the relative fair value of the common stock and warrants into which the security is convertible or exercisable. Income Taxes During 2006, the Company was structured as a limited liability company, whereby its taxable income or loss was allocated to member’s income in accordance with their respective percentage ownership. Therefore, during 2006, no provision or liability for taxes was included in the consolidated financial statements. Subsequent to October 26, 2007 the Company recognized deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences attributed to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under SFAS 109, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. If it is more likely than not that some portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized, a valuation allowance is recognized. Earnings per share Basic and diluted loss per common share have been computed by dividing the losses applicable to common stock by the weighted average number of basic and diluted common shares outstanding. The Company’s basic and fully diluted EPS calculation for fiscal years 2006 and 2007 are the same as the increased number of shares that would be included in the dilutive calculation from assumed exercise of common stock equivalents would have been antidilutive as a result of the net loss in each of the years shown. F-15 ADRENALINA Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements continued Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 Note 1 — Description of Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - continued Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - continued Comprehensive Income Comprehensive income is generally defined as the change in equity of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources. It includes all changes in equity during a period except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Comprehensive income is the total of net income and all other non-owner changes in equity. Items that are to be recognized under accounting standards as components of comprehensive income are displayed in statements of shareholders' equity. The Company had no material components of comprehensive income to be reclassified at December 31, 2007 and 2006. Reclassifications Certain amounts from prior consolidated financial statements and related notes have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation. Note 2 — Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has significant operating losses in 2007 and 2006 which raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. As shown in the accompanying financial statements, the Company has incurred net losses of approximately $5,767,000 and $3,065,700 in 2007 and 2006, respectively. Additionally, the Company has used cash flows in operations of approximately $4,054,100 and $2,076,800 in 2007 and 2006, respectively. The operations of the Company have been funded through related party borrowings, contributed capital and a convertible debenture. Management’s plans to generate cash flow include expanding the Company’s operations through additional store openings and raising additional capital through debt or equity offerings in an effort to fund the Company’s anticipated expansion. There is no assurance additional capital or debt financing will be available to the Company on acceptable terms. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Note 3 — Business Combinations Time Code, LLC Effective January 1, 2006, all the members’ interests of Time Code, LLC were contributed to the Company. This contribution was recorded as a statutory pooling of interest. F-16 ADRENALINA Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements continued Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 Note 4 — Investments in Securities Available for Sale At December 31, 2007 investments in securities available for sale was comprised of $27,773 of marketable common stock. The difference between the Company’s cost and fair value was diminimus and therefore the Company did not record and unrealized gain or loss. Note 5 — Film Costs Film costs at December 31, 2007 consisted of the following: 2007 Film costs - television: Released $ 2,073,017 Less: Accumulated amortization (1,976,217 ) Total film costs $ 96,800 During 2007, the Company invested $500,000 to jointly finance a theatrical film production. The substance of this arrangement is that the Company and other third-party investors own an interest in the film and will share economic results with the film producer. The film was released in February 2008, with minimal public and commercial success. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2007, the Company recorded an impairment loss of $500,000, representing the full amount invested, which is included in amortization expense in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Total amortization of film costs was approximately $1,008,000 and $1,275,000 for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. Approximately $481,000 of the film costs of released and completed and not released television product were amortized during the year ending December 31, 2007. Note 6 — Property and Equipment Major categories of property and equipment at December 31, 2007 were as follows: 2007 Leasehold improvements $ 2,243,998 Furniture, fixtures and equipment 1,665,759 Software 90,978 Vehicles 15,000 Construction in process 35,929 Deposits on FlowRider ® equipment purchase contracts 1,336,500 5,388,164 Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 424,244 Total property and equipment $ 4,963,920 Depreciation expense totaled approximately $320,000 and $106,000 for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. F-17 ADRENALINA Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements continued Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 Note 7 — Intangible Assets Trademarks and licensing agreements with indefinite and determinable lives for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 were as follows: Lives 2007 Trademarks: Adrenalina® Indefinite $ 230,000 Licensing Agreements 5 Years 40,000 Total 270,000 Less accumulated amortization 21,556 $ 248,444 The Company anticipates that the future amortization of its licensing rights will approximate $8,000 for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2009 and $2,444 for December 31, 2010. Note 8 — Long-term Debt Related party note On November 1, 2007 the Company issued a $3,294,267, 5% note payable to a shareholder, with monthly payments of $94,122 commencing on November 1, 2010 and continuing monthly through October 2013, when the balance of unpaid principal and interest is due. Convertible debenture On December 3, 2007, the Company issued a note for a 5% Senior Secured Convertible Debenture in the principal amount of $3,000,000, with quarterly interest payments commencing in February 2008. Principal amounts under this debenture are payable in 18 equal monthly installments commencing the 12 th month following the issuance date. The Company may also elect to make principal payments in shares of common stock if there exists an effective registration statement with respect to the shares issuable upon conversion of the Debenture. If the Company elects to make principal payments in common stock, the conversion rate will be the lesser of the then effective conversion price (see below) or 88% of the volume weighted average price for the ten consecutive trading days ending immediately prior to the applicable date a principal payment is due. The balance of any accrued or unpaid principle is due and payable 30 months after the closing date. Interest is payable quarterly commencing three months from the closing date. At any time during the life of the loan the holder may convert this debenture into shares of the Company’s common stock at a fixed conversion price of $0.75, subject to adjustment in the event that the Company issues new common stock at a price below the conversion price. F-18 ADRENALINA Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements continued Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 Note 8 — Long-term Debt - continued Following the effective date of the registration statement filed in connection with the shares, the Company may force conversion of the debenture if the market price of their common stock is at least $2.75 for any 20 out of 30 consecutive trading days. The Company may also prepay the debenture in cash at 115% of the then outstanding principal balance provided there is a registration statement in effect with respect to the shares issuable upon conversion of the debenture. This debenture ranks senior to all of the Company’s current and future indebtedness and is secured by substantially all of the Company’s assets. In connection with the financing transaction, the Company also issued five-year warrants to purchase 4,000,000 shares of common stock at $2.00 per share. The exercise price of these warrants is subject to full ratchet anti-dilution rights in the event that the Company issues securities at less than $1.38 per share. Since this debt is convertible into equity at the option of the note holder at beneficial conversion rates, an embedded beneficial conversion feature amounting to approximately $245,000 was recorded as a debt discount and will be amortized to interest over the life of the debenture, in accordance with EITF No. 00-27. The interest expense for the amortization of aggregate debt discount through December 31, 2007 was approximately $22,000. The Company’s annualized effective rate on this instrument approximates 22.5%, inclusive of the 5% stated rate in the note. Maturities of the Company’s long term debt for the next five years are as follows: 2008 $ - 2009 1,166,670 2010 2,021,575 2011 1,129,463 2012 1,129,463 Thereafter 847,097 Total $ 6,294,267 F-19 ADRENALINA Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements continued Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 Note 9 — Commitments and Contingencies Operating Leases The Company’s rent expense amounted to approximately $1,489,000 and $321,000 for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. The Company has various long-term noncancelable lease commitments certain of which are guaranteed by officers and shareholders of the Company, for its offices, warehouse and stores which expire through 2018. The minimum rental commitments under noncancelable long-term operating leases during the next five years are as follows: 2008 $ 1,587,474 2009 2,689,671 2010 2,773,088 2011 2,806,996 2012 2,816,663 Thereafter 15,004,725 Total $ 27,678,617 Capital Commitments FlowRider ® Effective April 2007, the Company entered into an exclusive five year agreement to acquire thirty-six FlowRider®, water-themed entertainment units for placement in its future mall-based retail shops in an aggregate amount approximating $21,420,000. The agreement is subject to a performance schedule governing order timing and equipment deposits. Non-refundable deposits placed as of December 31, 2007 were $1,336,500. Retail Locations At December 31, 2007, the Company had signed lease and construction agreements to develop five new retail locations. Capital commitments under these agreements were approximately $6.8 million. F-20 ADRENALINA Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements continued Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 Note 9 — Commitments and Contingencies - continued Litigation The Company is involved in various claims and legal proceedings in the ordinary course of its business activities. The Company believes that any potential liability associated with the ultimate outcome of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations. Convertible Debenture On November 30, 2007, the Company issued a $3,000,000 convertible debenture and 4,000,000 detachable warrants. Under the terms of a Registration Rights Agreement, the resale registration statement was to be filed with the SEC not later than 90 days from the closing date of the transaction, and be declared effective by the SEC not later than 180 days from the closing date. Failure to meet this deadline could result in the Company incurring certain payment obligations (the “Registration Damages”) amounting to 2% of the aggregate purchase price of the convertible debenture and warrants per month, pro rated for partial periods. As of April 15, 2008 the Company’s registration filing with the SEC had not been declared effective. Note 10 — Related Party Transactions Advertising Revenue During 2007 and 2006, the Company sold advertising to Parlux, Inc, a company whose Chairman and CEO was also a 67.7% shareholder of Adrenalina. These advertising revenues amounting to approximately $282,000 and $1,547,000, respectively, represent a significant portion of the Company’s total revenues for the two years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. Related Party Notes Receivable During 2006, the Company advanced $239,300 to an unconsolidated affiliate; this note was repaid during 2007. During 2006, the Company entered into a joint venture with a related party to develop property. The Company advanced $1,250,000 to the venture, in the form of a non-interest bearing, convertible, demand note. During the fourth quarter of 2006, the Company opted not to convert the note to shares in the joint venture; this note was repaid during 2007. Shareholder Advances During 2006 and 2007 certain shareholders of the Company provided working capital through short term advances. These advances generally do not bear interest and are payable on demand. On November 1, 2007, the Company issued a 5%, $3,294,267 note to a shareholder. (see note 8) F-21 ADRENALINA Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements continued Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 Note 11 — Concentration of Risk Major Customer A substantial portion of the Company’s entertainment revenues was earned from one customer. Revenue from this customer totaled approximately $282,000 or 42% and $1,547,000 or 87%, of entertainment revenues and 9% and 65% of total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. At December 31, 2007 amounts receivable from this customer totaled $0. In March 2007, the Company ended the contract it held with this major customer. Vendor Concentration During 2007, retail inventories supplied by one vendor constituted approximately 25% of total purchases and 35% of total inventory. During 2006 none of the Company’s top five vendors constituted more than 10% of the Company’s purchases or inventory. FlowRider ® Sales for the use of the FlowRider ® amounted to approximately $419,000 and $58,000 for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. These sales represented 17.4% and 13.7% of retail revenues and 12.9% and 2.4% of total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. Note 12 — Fair Value of Financial Instruments The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments at December 31, 2007: 2007 (Amounts in thousands) Carrying Amount Fair Value Assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 445 $ 445 Investments 28 28 Accounts receivable, net 35 35 Liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 1,107 1,107 Related party note payable convertible debenture and shareholder advances 5,436 5,436 The fair value of cash and cash equivalents approximates the carrying amount due to the short maturity of those instruments. The fair value of the Company’s debt approximates carrying value based on the black-scholes modeling used to determine its value. The fair value of the Company’s accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate their carrying value due to the relatively short maturities. F-22 ADRENALINA Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements continued Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 Note 13 — Income Taxes Year ended December 31, 2007 Loss from operations $ 5,766,953 Loss attributable to members prior to reverse merger (4,479,796 ) Post merger corporate loss from operations 1,287,157 The difference between the tax benefit rate and the statutory benefit rate is as follows: December 31, 2007 Statutory benefit rate 34.0 % Change in valuation allowance on net operating loss carry-forwards (34.0% ) Effective tax benefit rate - The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax benefit as of December 31, 2007 are presented below: December 31, 2007 Deferred tax asset: U.S. federal deferred $ 274,600 State 47,300 321,900 Deferred tax liability U.S. federal deferred (127,800 ) State (23,600 ) (151,400 ) Subtotal 170,500 Less: valuation allowance (170,500 ) Benefit for income taxes $ - The Company has fully reserved its U.S. net deferred tax assets in 2007 and 2006 due to the uncertainty of future taxable income. The Company has U.S. net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately $807,900 which will expire in 2027 and the Company’s State net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately $860,200 will expire in 2027. F-23 ADRENALINA Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements continued Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 Note 13 — Income Taxes - continued The timing and manner in which we may utilize the net operating loss carry-forwards in future tax years will be limited by the amounts and timing of future taxable income and the application of ownership change rules under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. At December 31, 2007 the Company’s deferred tax assets did not include any tax carry-forwards prior to the change of ownership. As of January 1, 2007, the Company adopted FASB Interpretation No. 48 (“FIN 48”), “Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes — an Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109 Accounting for Income Taxes.” The current Company policy classifies any interest recognized on an underpayment of income taxes as interest expense and classifies any statutory penalties recognized on a tax position taken as selling, general and administrative expense. There was an insignificant amount of interest expense accrued or recognized related to income taxes for the twelve months ended December 31, 2007. There was an insignificant amount of selling, general and administrative expense related to penalties accrued or recognized for the same period. The Company has not taken a tax position that, if challenged, would have a material effect on the financial statements or the effective tax rate for the twelve-months ended December 31, 2007, or during the prior three years applicable under FIN 48. The Company has determined it is not reasonably possible for the amounts of unrecognized tax benefits to significantly increase or decrease within twelve months of the adoption of FIN 48. The Company is currently subject to a three year statute of limitations by major tax jurisdictions. Note 14 — Warrants On December 3, 2007 and in connection with the convertible debentures, the Company issued five-year warrants to purchase 4,000,000 shares of common stock at $2.00 per share. The exercise price of these warrants is subject to full ratchet anti-dilution rights in the event that the Company issues securities at less than $1.38 per share. The warrants vested immediately and expire in five years. The fair value of these warrants was estimated at approximately $1,056,000 based on the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions: a risk free rate of 3.89%, an expected life of 3 years, a volatility factor of 69% and an expected dividend yield of 0%. This value was recorded to debt discount and is being amortized as interest expense over the period the debt is outstanding (see Note 8). Note 15 — Earnings per Share and Potential Dilution The earnings per share (basic and diluted) in the consolidated statement of operations are equal in amounts because the assumed exercise of common stock equivalents would be anti-dilutive, and because a net loss was reported for each period. Common shares that have been excluded from the computation of diluted loss per common share consist of the following: 2007 2006 Warrants issued in relation to debt arrangement (see Note 14) 612,770 - Shares issuable under convertible debentures (see Note 8) - - Total antidillutive securities excluded from EPS 612,770 - F-24 ADRENALINA Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements continued Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 Note 16 — Restatement of Consolidated Financial Statements During the preparation of the 2007 financial statements, the Company discovered it had made an error in the prior period related to the accounting for film costs. The Company determined that it had inadvertently included excess income in its calculation of ultimate revenue as defined in SOP 00-2 that extended the life of the existing libraries beyond their realizable lives. This error resulted in the overstatement of the 2006 film costs and the understatement of the Company’s net loss by approximately $621,000. For financial reporting purposes, this error has been accounted for as a prior period adjustment in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (SFAS) No. 154, “Accounting for Changes and Error Corrections”. The Company has restated the 2006 consolidated statements of operations, cash flows and equity. Effects of Restatement The effects of the restatement on loss attributable to common shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2006 and the accumulated deficit as of January 1, 2007 are summarized as follows: Net loss attributable to common shareholder, as previously reported $ (2,444,609 ) Error related to the amortization of Film Costs (621,090 ) As restated $ (3,065,699 ) Accumulated deficit, as previously reported $ (3,019,845 ) Error related to the amortization of Film Costs (621,090 ) As restated $ (3,640,935 ) F-25 ADRENALINA Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements continued Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 Note 16 — Restatement of Consolidated Financial Statements - continued Revenue and Expense Adjustments Set forth below are the condensed adjustments to the Company’s previously issued consolidated statement of operation for the year ended December 31, 2006 (amounts in thousands, except for loss per share): As previously As Reported Adjustments Reported Total Revenues $ 2,374 $ - $ 2,374 Total cost of revenue 1,168 - 1,168 Gross Profit 1,206 - 1,206 Selling, general and administrative 2,810 - 2,810 Depreciation and amortization 663 621 1,381 Other expense 81 - 81 Net loss $ (2,445 ) $ (621 ) $ (3,066 ) Net loss per share $ (.14 ) $ (.03 ) $ (.17 ) Common shares used in calculation 18,000 - 18,000 Cash Flow Adjustments Set forth below are the condensed adjustments to the Company’s previously issued consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2006: As previously As Reported Adjustments Reported Net loss $ (2,445 ) $ (621 ) $ (3,066 ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operations: Depreciation and amortization 663 621 1,381 Impairment loss 98 - 98 Changes in operating assets and liabilities which provided (used) cash: Accounts receivable (50 ) - (50 ) Merchandise inventories (742 ) - (742 ) Prepaid expenses and other assets (52 ) - (52 ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 354 - 353 Total adjustments 368 621 988 Net Cash used in Operating Activities (2,166 ) - (2,076 ) F-26 ADRENALINA Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements continued Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 Note 16 — Restatement of Consolidated Financial Statements - continued Cash Flow Adjustments - continued As previously As Reported Adjustments Reported Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Incurred film cost (853 ) - (853 ) Purchase of property and equipment (1772 ) - (1,492 ) Net Cash Used in Investing Activities: (2625 ) - (2,625 ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from related party advance 251 - 251 Repayment of short-term related party note (35 ) - (35 ) Issuance of affiliate note receivable (1,493 ) - (1,493 ) Proceeds from member note 5,487 - 5,487 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities: 4,210 - 4,210 Decrease in Cash and Cash Equivalents (491 ) - (491 ) Cash and Cash Equivalents - Beginning of the Year 789 - 789 Cash and Cash Equivalents - End of the Year $ 298 $ - $ 298 Note 17 — Subsequent Events Convertible Debenture On February 28, 2008, the Company issued a $2,500,000 Original Issue Discount 5% Senior Secured Convertible Debenture. In connection with the financing transaction, the Company issued five-year warrants to purchase 3,333,333 shares of the Company’s common stock at $2.00 per share The Company also entered into a registration rights agreement with the investors that requires the Company to register the shares issuable upon conversion of the Debenture and exercise of the Warrants on the later of (a) the 45th calendar day following the closing date of the offering and (b) the 30th calendar day following the date that the Company’s registration statement in connection with an offering made in November 2007 is declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. If the registration statement is not filed within that time period or is not declared effective within 90 days after the closing date (180 days in the event of a full review by the Securities and Exchange Commission), the Company will be required to pay liquidated damages in cash in an amount equal to 2% of the total subscription amount for every month that the Company fails to attain a timely filing or effectiveness, as the case may be. From the three month anniversary of the closing date the liquidated damages will be lowered to 1.5% per month. Stock Options On February 21, 2008, the Board of Directors granted five-year options to purchase 20,000 shares of common stock at $1.50 per share to certain members of the Board. F-27 ADRENALINA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE QUARTER ENDED MARCH 31, 2008 Table of Contents Page Financial Statements: (unaudited) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet (unaudited) F-28 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) F-29 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity (unaudited) F-30 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) F-31 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) F-32 F-28 ADRENALINA Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets March 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007 March 31, 2008 (Unaudited) December 31, 2007 Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 528,357 $ 444,843 Investments in securities available for sale 40,261 27,773 Accounts receivable, net 28,481 35,197 Merchandise inventories 1,832,356 1,678,937 Film costs, net 80,350 96,800 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 73,004 211,621 Total Current Assets 2,582,809 2,495,171 Deferred loan costs, net 717,673 643,027 Property and equipment, net 5,974,833 4,963,920 Intangible assets, net 246,444 248,444 Total Other Assets 6,938,950 5,855,391 Total Assets $ 9,521,759 $ 8,350,562 Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity Current Liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities $ 676,827 $ 1,106,924 Shareholder advances 700,000 399,930 Current portion of converted debentures, net discount of $306,814 and $0, respectively 498,742 - Total Current Liabilities 1,875,569 1,506,854 Long-Term Liabilities: Deferred rent 1,389,468 582,114 Related party note 3,294,267 3,294,267 Convertible debentures, net of discount of $1,831,321 and $1,258,366, respectively 2,863,123 1,741,634 Total Long-Term Liabilities 7,546,858 5,618,015 Total Liabilities 9,422,427 7,124,869 Commitments and contingencies Shareholders’ Equity: Common stock, $0.001 par value, 50,000,000 shares authorized, 19,453,000 issued and outstanding 19,453 19,453 Additional paid-in-capital 11,659,341 10,614,128 Accumulated deficit (11,579,462 ) (9,407,888 ) Total Shareholders’ Equity 99,332 1,225,693 Total Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity $ 9,521,759 $ 8,350,562 See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. F-29 ADRENALINA Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2008 and 2007 (Unaudited) 2008 2007 Revenues: Merchandise sales $ 1,065,211 $ 451,941 Entertainment - related party - 282,219 Entertainment - other 16,632 81,900 Publishing 34,875 46,201 Total Revenues 1,116,718 862,261 Cost of Revenues: Merchandise 646,378 253,101 Entertainment licensing fees 10,907 364,476 Production 43,651 98,318 Total Cost of Revenues 700,936 715,895 Gross Profit 415,782 146,366 Operating Expenses: Payroll and employee benefits 505,734 452,788 Occupancy expense 878,718 284,507 Marketing and advertising expense 32,188 113,172 Professional fees 124,154 56,084 Other selling, general and administrative 277,653 220,189 Amortization 18,450 168,285 Depreciation 154,629 74,388 Total Operating Expenses 1,991,526 1,369,413 Other (Income) and Expenses: Interest income (22 ) (1,029 ) Loss on sale of available for sale securities 89,455 - Interest expense 506,397 - Total Other (Income) and Expenses 595,830 (1,029 ) Net Loss $ (2,171,574 ) $ (1,222,018 ) Net loss per share $ (0.11 ) $ (0.06 ) Weighted average common shares used in calculation of per share data 19,453,000 19,100,000 See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. F-30 ADRENALINA Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2008 (Unaudited) Common Shares Common Stock Additional Paid In Capital (Accumulated Deficit) Total Equity Balance at December 31, 2007 19,453,000 19,453 10,614,128 (9,407,888 ) 1,225,693 Issuance of warrants with convertible debt - - 1,044,789 - 1,044,789 Share-based compensation - - 424 - 424 Net loss - - - (2,171,574 ) (2,171,574 ) Balance at March 31, 2008 (Unaudited) 19,453,000 19,453 $ 11,659,341 $ (11,579,462 ) $ 99,332 See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. F-31 ADRENALINA Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2008 and 2007 (Unaudited) 2008 2007 Cash from Operating Activities: Net loss $ (2,171,574 ) $ (1,222,017 ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 189,528 242,673 Amortization of discount on convertible debenture 219,348 - Deferred Rent Expense 807,354 - Loss on sale of investments 89,455 - Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable 6,716 142,961 Merchandise inventories (153,419 ) (234,546 ) Prepaid expenses and other assets 138,617 57,833 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities (430,097 ) 521,894 Total Adjustments 867,502 730,815 Net Cash Used in Operating Activities (1,304,072 ) (491,202 ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Incurred film costs - (493,190 ) Purchase of investments available for sale securities (2,612,822 ) - Proceeds from sale of investments available for sale securities 2,510,879 - Purchase of property and equipment, net (1,165,541 ) (1,067,351 ) Net Cash Used in Investing Activities (1,267,484 ) (1,560,541 ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Repayments of notes receivable- related parties - (298,903 ) Proceeds from related party notes 300,070 2,405,094 Deferred loan costs (145,000 ) - Proceeds from convertiblenote payable 2,500,000 - Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 2,655,070 2,106,190 Net Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents 83,514 54,447 Cash and Cash Equivalents- Beginning of Period 444,843 297,801 Cash and Cash Equivalents- End of Period $ 528,357 $ 352,248 Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information: Cash paid for interest $ 49,776 $ - Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Information: Issuance of warrants with convertible debt $ 843,748 $ - Beneficial conversion feature $ 201,041 $ - See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. F-32 ADRENALINA Unaudited Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Three Months Ended March 31, 2008 and 2007 Note 1 - Description of Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Description of Business and Basis of Consolidation The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for the three months ended March 31, 2008 and March 31, 2007, are unaudited except for the balance sheet information at December 31, 2007, which is derived from the audited consolidated financial statements filed on April 15, 2008 in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2007. These statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (“GAAP”) for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2007. Adrenalina (the “Company” or “Adrenalina”), f/k/a LQD Adrenalina, LLC, a privately-held Limited Liability Company headquartered in Miami, Florida was formed on September 13, 2004. Basic Services, Inc. (“BSI”), a Nevada corporation, was organized March 28, 2007 (Date of Inception) and incorporated as a subsidiary of Eaton Laboratories, Inc., ("Eaton"), also a Nevada corporation. On March 30, 2007, BSI's parent corporation, Eaton entered into an Acquisition Agreement and Plan of Merger ("Agreement") with Hydrogen Hybrid Technologies, Inc. ("HHT"), a privately-held Canadian corporation. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, HHT acquired Eaton, and Eaton agreed to spin off its wholly-owned subsidiary, Basic Services, Inc. On April 30, 2007, the record shareholders of Eaton received one unregistered, par value $0.001, share of Basic Services, Inc. common stock for every share of Eaton Laboratories common stock owned. The Basic Services, Inc. stock dividend was based on 10,873,750 shares of Eaton common stock that were issued and outstanding as of the record date. The spin off did not include any stock issued to the shareholders of Hydrogen Hybrid Technologies, Inc., who received Eaton shares pursuant to the Agreement with Eaton. Eaton retained no ownership in BSI following the spin off. Further, BSI was no longer a subsidiary of Eaton. On October 26, 2007, BSI and a newly formed subsidiary of BSI ("Merger Sub") and Adrenalina entered into an Acquisition Agreement and Plan of Merger ("Acquisition") pursuant to which BSI, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Merger Sub, acquired 100% of the membership interests in Adrenalina in exchange for 18,000,000 shares of the BSI common stock which were issued to the owners of the membership interests in Adrenalina. Immediately after the Acquisition was consummated and further to the Acquisition Agreement, the four largest shareholders of BSI cancelled 9,773,750 shares of the BSI Common Stock held by them. The transaction contemplated by the Agreement was intended to be a "tax-free" reorganization pursuant to the provisions of Section 351 and 368(a)(1)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Immediately prior to the Acquisition, BSI was a reporting corporation with limited activity. For accounting purposes, this transaction was accounted for as a reverse acquisition, since the stockholders of Adrenalina own a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of BSI and the directors and executive officers of Adrenalina became the directors and executive officers of the BSI. As a consequence the historical financial information presented herein represents that of Adrenalina. On December 13, 2007, BSI changed its name to Adrenalina. F-33 ADRENALINA Unaudited Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Three Months Ended March 31, 2008 and 2007 (Continued) Note 1 - Description of Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) The Company is a media, retail and entertainment company headquartered in South Florida. The Company operates in Latin America and throughout the United States. Adrenalina’s operations are concentrated in three lines of business: Entertainment: theatrical and TV film and music production and distribution Merchandise Sales: extreme sports and adventure themed stores located in regional shopping malls, principally in Florida. Publishing: extreme sports and music oriented periodical publishing and distribution. As of March 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, the consolidated financial statements include the company and all wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions between consolidated companies have been eliminated in consolidation. Use of Estimates The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and footnotes thereto. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates inherent in the preparation of the accompanying consolidated financial statements include accounting for depreciation and amortization, film costs, goodwill, barter transactions, business combinations, the beneficial conversion feature on the convertible debenture, warrants, deferred rent, loan costs and contingencies. F-34 ADRENALINA Unaudited Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Three Months Ended March 31, 2008 and 2007 (Continued) Note 1 - Description of Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) Inventories Retail Merchandise The Company’s retail inventories are comprised primarily of extreme sports and adventure life-style equipment and clothing, which are valued at the lower of cost or market using the weighted average cost method that approximates the first-in, first-out (“FIFO”) method. Inventory costs also include the direct cost of warehousing, handling, purchasing, and transporting the inventory to the stores. Vendor allowances, which primarily represent volume rebates and cooperative advertising funds, are recorded as a reduction of the cost of the merchandise inventories. The cost of warehousing, handling, purchasing, and transporting, as well as vendor allowances, are recognized through cost of sales when the inventories are sold. The Company maintains a provision for estimated shrinkage based on the actual historical results of physical inventories. The Company also records an adjustment to the value of inventory to adjust for obsolete, non-salable and slow selling merchandise equal to the difference between the carrying value and the estimated market value, based on seasonal trends, sales activities of merchandise and assumptions about demand for products. Film Costs The Company accounts for film costs, as well as related revenues (“film accounting”), in accordance with the guidance in SOP 00-2, that requires the exercise of judgment related to the film’s ultimate revenues. Film costs consist of the costs of completed television episodes, completed and unreleased episodes and in process production costs, all reflected at the lower of cost, less accumulated amortization, or fair value. As film costs are capitalized by the Company, management estimates the ultimate revenues, less additional costs to be incurred, in order to determine whether the value of a film is realizable or has been impaired. Impairment, if noted, is recorded in the period of identification. Additionally, management amortizes the existing carrying value of film costs based on the proportion of the film’s revenues recognized for each period as compared to the film’s estimated ultimate revenues. Prior to release, management bases its estimates of ultimate revenues for each film on factors such as the historical performance of similar films, the star power of the lead actors and actresses, the rating and genre of the film. Management updates such estimates based on information available on the progress of the film’s production and, upon release, the actual results of each film. Changes in estimates of ultimate revenues from period to period affect the amount of film costs amortized in a given period and, therefore, could have an impact on the financial results for that period. The Company recorded film cost amortization of approximately $16,500 and $168,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. F-35 ADRENALINA Unaudited Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Three Months Ended March 31, 2008 and 2007 (Continued) Note 1 - Description of Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) Recent Accounting Standards In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141(R), Business Combinations. SFAS No. 141(R) will significantly change the financial accounting and reporting of business combination transactions. SFAS No. 141(R) establishes the criteria for how an acquiring entity in a business combination recognizes the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the transaction; establishes the acquisition date fair value as the measurement objective for all assets acquired and liabilities assumed; and requires the acquirer to disclose to investors and other users all of the information they need to evaluate and understand the nature and financial effect of the business combination. Acquisition related costs including finder's fees, advisory, legal, accounting valuation and other professional and consulting fees are required to be expensed as incurred. SFAS No. 141(R) is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2008 and early implementation is not permitted. The Company has previously acquired ownership interest in several entities and may continue to do so in the future. The Company expects that the implementation of SFAS No. 141(R) will not have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements at the date of adoption. In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 160, Noncontrolling Interest in Consolidated Financial Statements - an amendment of ARB No. 51. SFAS No. 160 requires the Company to establish accounting and reporting standards for the non-controlling interest in a subsidiary and for the deconsolidation of a subsidiary. SFAS No. 160 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning on or after December 15, 2008. Earlier adoption is prohibited. The Company does not expect the implementation of SFAS No. 160 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. In March 2008, the FASB issued SFAS No. 161, Disclosures about Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities - an amendment of FASB Statement No. 133. SFAS No. 161 changes the disclosure requirements for derivative instruments and hedging activities. Entities are required to provide enhanced disclosures about how and why an entity uses derivative instruments; how derivative instruments and related hedged items are accounted for under Statement 133 and its related interpretations; and how derivative instruments and related hedged items affect an entity’s financial position, financial performance and cash flows. SFAS No. 161 is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after November 15, 2008, with early application permitted. The Company does not expect the implementation of SFAS No. 161 to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Accounts Receivable Accounts receivable, including credit card receivables, represent amounts currently due to the Company under contractual obligations or for services performed. When necessary, the Company evaluates and maintains an allowance for these accounts to reduce such balances to the amount deemed collectible. At March 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, the Company recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts of approximately $12,000 and $2,100, respectively. F-36 ADRENALINA Unaudited Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Three Months Ended March 31, 2008 and 2007 (Continued) Note 1 - Description of Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - (Continued) Investments in Securities Available for Sale The Company’s investments in marketable securities are classified as available for sale, reported at fair market value, and unrealized gains and losses (if any) would be reported as a component of other comprehensive income. Recognized gains and losses from sales of marketable securities or permanent declines in value, if any, are reported in other income and expense as incurred. As of March 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, the cost approximated fair value. Revenue Recognition Retail Revenue for sales of merchandise is recognized when merchandise is sold and delivered to the customer. The Company maintains a reserve for product returns and discounts. Retail revenue also includes income from its point-of-sale entertainment attraction, the Flow Rider ®. Revenue, from the FlowRider ® is recorded at the time services are provided to the customer. Retail revenue is reported net of sales tax which amounted to approximately $61,600 and $31,100 for the three months ended March 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. Film Television entertainment series are produced for foreign or domestic cable and syndicated television markets. Revenues from the distribution of television product are recognized when the following criteria are met: persuasive evidence of a sale or licensing arrangement exists; the film is complete and, in accordance with the terms of the arrangement, has been delivered or is available for immediate and unconditional delivery; the license period of the arrangement has begun and the Company can begin its exploitation, exhibition, or sale; the arrangement fee is fixed or determinable, and; collection of the arrangement fee is reasonably assured. Barter In the normal course of operations, the Company enters into barter transactions whereby it exchanges programming product for advertising time that it can use or resell. The advertising time is provided by broadcasting companies in the United States and Central and South America. These transactions are valued at the fair value of the related programming products based on comparable arrangements in the broadcast areas. These transactions are accounted for at the time the programming is broadcast and the advertising is used. During the three months ended March 31, 2007, the total value of the recorded barter transactions was $83,000 (none for the three months ended March 31, 2008). Publishing Magazine advertising revenues are recognized at the magazine cover date. Magazine sales revenues are primarily generated from bulk orders from retail outlets such as newsstands, supermarkets and convenience stores. Revenues from these sales are recorded when the magazines are placed with the vendor, less an allowance for returns. At March 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, the Company recorded an allowance for returns of approximately $39,000 and $15,000 for all open issues. F-37 ADRENALINA Unaudited Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Three Months Ended March 31, 2008 and 2007 (Continued) Note 1 - Description of Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - (Continued) Gift Cards Cash received from the sale of gift cards is recorded as a liability, and revenue is recognized upon the redemption of the gift card or when it is determined that the likelihood of redemption is remote. At March 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007 the Company had recorded gift card liabilities of approximately $52,000 and $43,000, respectively. Advertising Costs The Company expenses advertising costs when incurred. Advertising expense paid to third parties during the three months ended March 31, 2008 and 2007 was $32,000 and $116,500, respectively. Additionally the Company included in advertising expense bartered transactions with broadcasters, in which the Company provides its film for broadcast and receives in return air time which is used to promote their products. Convertible Debentures In November 2007 and February 2008, the Company issued convertible debentures with beneficial conversion features whereby the conversion feature is “in the money” in accordance with guidance supplied by Emerging Issues Task Force (“EITF”) No. 98-5, “Accounting for Convertible Securities with Beneficial Conversion Features or Contingently Adjustable Conversion Ratios” and EITF No. 00-27, “Application of Issue EITF No. 98-5 to Certain Convertible Instruments”. The beneficial conversion features were recorded at fair value as debt discount. The Company also issued warrants in connection with the convertible debt. The debt discount will be amortized to interest expense over the term of the debt. The recorded debt discount was calculated at the issuance date as the difference between the conversion price and the relative fair value of the common stock and warrants into which the security is convertible or exercisable. Income Taxes Subsequent to October 26, 2007 the Company recognized deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences attributed to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under SFAS 109, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. If it is more likely than not that some portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized, a valuation allowance is recognized. Stock-Based Compensation During February 2008, members of the Board of Directors granted five year options to purchase and aggregate of 20,000 shares of the Company’s common stock at $1.50 per share. The Company measures stock-based compensation cost at grant date, based on the estimated fair value of the award, and recognizes the cost as expense on a straight-line basis (net of estimated forfeitures) over the requisite service period. The Company estimated the fair value of stock options and as a result recorded a $400 charge to compensation expense for the three months ended March 31, 2008. F-38 ADRENALINA Unaudited Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Three Months Ended March 31, 2008 and 2007 (Continued) Note 1 - Description of Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - (Continued) Earnings per share The Company computed basic and diluted loss per common share by dividing the losses applicable to common stock by the weighted average number of basic and diluted common shares outstanding. The Company’s basic and fully diluted EPS calculation for the three months ended March 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively are the same since the number of shares that would be included in the dilutive calculation from assumed exercise of common stock equivalents would have been antidilutive due to of the net loss in each of the periods shown. Comprehensive Income Comprehensive income is generally defined as the change in equity of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources. It includes all changes in equity during a period except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Comprehensive income is the total of net income and all other non-owner changes in equity. Items that are to be recognized under accounting standards as components of comprehensive income are displayed in statements of shareholders' equity. The Company did not have components of comprehensive income to be reclassified at March 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007. Reclassifications Certain amounts from prior consolidated financial statements and related notes have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation. F-39 ADRENALINA Unaudited Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Three Months Ended March 31, 2008 and 2007 (Continued) Note 2 — Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company continued to incur significant operating losses through the three months ended March 31, 2008 which raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. As shown in the accompanying financial statements, the Company has incurred net losses of approximately $2,172,000 and $1,222,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. Additionally, the Company has used cash flows in operations of approximately $1,304,000 and $491,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. The operations of the Company have been funded through related party borrowings, contributed capital and convertible debentures. Management’s plans to generate cash flow include expanding the Company’s operations through additional store openings and raising additional capital through debt or equity offerings in an effort to fund the Company’s anticipated expansion. There is no assurance additional capital or debt financing will be available to the Company on acceptable terms. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Note 3 — Investments in Securities Available for Sale At March 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007 investments in securities available for sale was comprised of approximately $40,200 and $28,000 of marketable common stock. The Company's costs approximated fair value, and therefore the Company did not record any unrealized gain or loss. Note 4 — Film Costs Film costs at March 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007 consisted of the following: March 31, 2008 December 31, 2007 Film costs - television: Released $ 2,071,328 $ 2,073,017 Less: accumulated amortization (1,990,978 ) (1,976,217 ) Total film costs $ 80,350 $ 96,800 Total amortization of film costs was approximately $16,500 and $160,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. F-40 ADRENALINA Unaudited Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Three Months Ended March 31, 2008 and 2007 (Continued) Note 5 — Property and Equipment Major categories of property and equipment at March 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007 were as follows: March 31, 2008 December 31, 2007 Leasehold improvements $ 2,309,401 $ 2,243,998 Furniture, fixtures and equipment 1,697,855 1,665,759 Software 90,978 90,978 Vehicles 15,000 15,000 Construction in process 291,169 35,929 Deposits on FlowRider ® equipment purchase contracts 2,149,257 1,336,500 6,553,660 5,388,164 Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization (578,827 ) (424,244 ) Total property and equipment $ 5,974,833 $ 4,963,920 Depreciation expense totaled approximately $154,600 and $74,400 for the three months ended March 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. Note 6 — Intangible Assets Trademarks and licensing agreements with indefinite and determinable lives at March 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007 were as follows: Lives March 31, 2008 December 31, 2007 Trademarks: Adrenalina® Indefinite $ 230,000 $ 230,000 Licensing Agreements 5 Years 40,000 40,000 Total 270,000 270,000 Less: accumulated amortization (23,556 ) (21,556 ) $ 246,444 $ 248,444 The Company anticipates that the future amortization of its licensing rights will approximate $8,000 for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2009 and $2,444 for December 31, 2010. F-41 ADRENALINA Unaudited Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Three Months Ended March 31, 2008 and 2007 (Continued) Note 7 — Long-term Debt Related party note On November 1, 2007 the Company issued a $3,294,267, 5% note payable to a shareholder, with monthly payments of $94,122 commencing on November 1, 2010 and continuing monthly through October 2013, when the balance of unpaid principal and interest is due. Convertible debentures During December, 2007, the Company issued a note for a 5% Senior Secured Convertible Debenture in the principal amount of $3,000,000, with quarterly interest payments commencing in January 2008. Principal amounts under this debenture are payable in 18 equal monthly installments commencing the 12th month following the issuance date. The Company may also elect to make principal payments in shares of common stock if there exist an effective registration statement with respect to the shares issuable upon conversion of the Debenture. If the Company elects to make principal payments in common stock, the conversion rate will be the lesser of the then effective conversion price (see below) or 88% of the volume weighted average price for the ten consecutive trading days ending immediately prior to the applicable date a principal payment is due. During February 2008, the Company issued a $2,500,000 Original Issue Discount 5% Senior Secured Convertible Debenture, with quarterly interest payments commencing in May 2008. Principal amounts under this debenture are payable in 18 equal monthly installments commencing the 12th month following the issuance date. The Company may also elect to make principal payments in shares of common stock if there exist an effective registration statement with respect to the shares issuable upon conversion of the Debenture. If the Company elects to make principal payments in common stock, the conversion rate will be the lesser of the then effective conversion price (see below) or 88% of the volume weighted average price for the ten consecutive trading days ending immediately prior to the applicable date a principal payment is due. At any time during the life of the loans the holder may convert the debenture into shares of the Company’s common stock at a fixed conversion price of $0.75, subject to adjustment in the event that the Company issues new common stock at a price below the conversion price. Following the effective date of the registration statement filed in connection with the shares, the Company may force conversion of the debentures if the market price of their common stock is at least $2.75 for any 20 out of 30 consecutive trading days. The Company may also prepay these debentures in cash at 115% of the then outstanding principal balance provided there is a registration statement in effect with respect to the shares issuable upon conversion of the debentures. These debentures rank senior to all of the Company’s current and future indebtedness and are secured by substantially all of the Company’s assets. In connection with these financing transactions, the Company also issued five-year warrants to purchase 4,000,000 and 3,333,333 shares, respectively of common stock at $2.00 per share. The exercise price of these warrants is subject to full ratchet anti-dilution rights in the event that the Company issues securities at less than $1.38 per share. Since this debt is convertible into equity at the option of the note holder at beneficial conversion rates, an embedded beneficial conversion feature amounting to approximately $407,000 at March 31, 2008 and $245,000 at December 31, 2007 was recorded as a debt discount and will be amortized to interest over the life of the debenture, in accordance with EITF No. 00-27. The interest expense for the amortization of the aggregated convertible debt discounts through March 31, 2008 was approximately $219,000. (None for the three months ended March 31, 2007). The Company’s annualized effective rate on these instruments approximates 22.5%, inclusive of the 5% stated rate in the note. F-42 ADRENALINA Unaudited Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Three Months Ended March 31, 2008 and 2007 (Continued) Note 7 — Long-term Debt (Continued) Maturities of the Company’s long term debt for the next five years are as follows: 2009 $ 805,556 2010 3,666,667 2011 1,404,265 2012 1,129,463 2013 1,129,463 Thereafter 658,854 Total $ 8,794,267 Pursuant to the Company's issuance of its $3,000,000 convertible debenture, including 4,000,000 detachable warrants, and under the terms of a Registration Rights Agreement, the resale registration statement was to be filed with the SEC not later than 90 days from the closing date of the transaction, and be declared effective by the SEC not later than 180 days from the closing date. Failure to meet this deadline could result in the Company incurring certain payment obligations (the “Registration Damages”) amounting to 2% of the aggregate purchase price of the convertible debenture and warrants per month, pro rated for partial periods. As of May 20, 2008 the Company’s registration filing with the SEC had not been declared effective and, in connection therewith, the Company has accrued approximately $180,000 of liquidating damages which are included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2008. F-43 ADRENALINA Unaudited Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Three Months Ended March 31, 2008 and 2007 (Continued) Note 8 — Commitments and Contingencies Operating Leases The Company’s rent expense amounted to approximately $879,000 and $285,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. The Company has various long-term noncancelable lease commitments certain of which are guaranteed by officers and shareholders of the Company, for its offices, warehouse and stores which expire through 2019. The minimum rental commitments under noncancelable long-term operating leases during the next five years are as follows: 2009 $ 2,180,829 2010 2,709,811 2011 2,790,765 2012 2,809,356 2013 2,818,770 Thereafter 13,729,620 Total $ 27,039,153 Capital Commitments FlowRider ® Effective April 2007, the Company entered into an exclusive five year agreement to acquire thirty-six FlowRider®, water-themed entertainment units for placement in its future mall-based retail shops in an aggregate amount approximating $21,000,000. The agreement is subject to a performance schedule governing order timing and equipment deposits. Non-refundable deposits placed as of March 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007 were $2,150,000 and $1,336,500, respectively. Retail Locations At March 31, 2008, the Company had signed lease and construction agreements to develop five new retail locations. Capital commitments under these agreements were approximately $6.0 million. Litigation The Company is involved in various claims and legal proceedings in the ordinary course of its business activities. The Company believes that any potential liability associated with the ultimate outcome of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations. F-44 ADRENALINA Unaudited Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Three Months Ended March 31, 2008 and 2007 (Continued) Note 9 - Related Party Transactions Advertising Revenue During 2007, the Company sold advertising to Parlux, Inc, a company whose Chairman and CEO was also a 67.7% shareholder of Adrenalina. These advertising revenues amounted to approximately $282,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2007. (None for the three months ended March 31, 2008). Related Party Note Payable On November 1, 2007, the Company issued a 5%, $3,294,267 note to a shareholder. (see note 7) Note 10 - Concentration of Risk Vendor Concentration During the three months ended March 31, 2008 and 2007, retail inventories supplied by one vendor constituted approximately 38% and 25%, respectively of total purchases and 28% and 35% of total inventory as of March 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, respectively. FlowRider ® Sales for the use of the FlowRider® amounted to approximately $181,000 and $97,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. These sales represented 17% and 22% of retail revenues and 16% and 11% of total revenues for the periods then ended. Note 11 - Income Taxes The Company has fully reserved its U.S. net deferred tax assets as of March 31, 2008 due to the uncertainty of future taxable income. The Company has U.S. net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately $2,208,000 which will expire through 2028 and the Company’s State net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately $2,209,000 which will expire through 2028. Note 12 - Warrants In connection with the convertible debentures issued during December 2007 and February 2008, respectively, the Company issued five-year warrants to purchase 4,000,000 and 3,333,333 shares of common stock, respectively, at $2.00 per share. The exercise price of these warrants is subject to full ratchet anti-dilution rights in the event that the Company issues securities at less than $1.38 per share. The warrants vested immediately and expire in five years. The fair value of these warrants was estimated at approximately $1,056,000 and $844,000, respectively, based on the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions: a risk free rate of 3.89% and 2.1%, respectively, an expected life of 3 years, a volatility factor of 69% and an expected dividend yield of 0%. This value was recorded to debt discount and is being amortized as interest expense over the period the debt is outstanding (see Note7). F-45 ADRENALINA Unaudited Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Three Months Ended March 31, 2008 and 2007 (Continued) Note 13 - Share-Based Compensation On February 28, 2008, the Company granted 20,000 options to certain non-employee directors, to acquire common stock during a five-year period at $1.50 per share. The directors’ options vested over a five-year period at the annual rate of 4,000 shares per year. The fair value of the options was determined to be $11,300. The directors’ options will be expensed as share-based compensation over a five-year period in accordance with the applicable vesting periods. The fair value of these options at the date of grant was estimated using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions. Expected life (years) 5.0 Expected volatility 69.0 % Risk-free interest rate 2.10 % Dividend yield 0.0 % The expected life of options represented the estimated period of time until exercise based on expectations of future behavior. The expected volatility was estimated using the historical volatility of the Company's stock which management believes is the best indicator at this time. The risk-free interest rate was based on the implied yield available on U.S. Treasury zero coupon issues with an equivalent term. The Company has not paid dividends in the past and does not intend to in the foreseeable future. Included in compensation expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2008, is $424 of share-based compensation relating to the options issued in February 2008. The Company did not have any share compensation during the three months ended March 31, 2007. Note 14 - Earnings per Share and Potential Dilution The earnings per share (basic and diluted) in the consolidated statement of operations are equal in amounts because the assumed exercise of common stock equivalents would be anti-dilutive, and because a net loss was reported for each period. Common shares that have been excluded from the computation of diluted loss per common share consist of the following: Warrants issued in relation to debt arrangement (see Notes 7 and 12) - Shares issuable under convertible debentures (see Note 7) 612,770 Total anti-dilutive securities excluded from EPS 612,770 F-46 [Back Cover of Prospectus] 8,353,000 Shares Common Stock PROSPECTUS ______________, 2008 Until _________, 2008, all dealers that effect transactions in these securities, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers' obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions. You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with information different from that which is set forth in this prospectus. We are offering to sell shares of our common stock and seeking offers to buy shares of our common stock only in jurisdictions where offers and sales are permitted. The information contained in this prospectus is accurate only as of the date of this prospectus, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus or any sale of these securities. Our business, financial condition, results of operation and prospects may have changed after the date of this prospectus. II-1 PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN THE PROSPECTUS ITEM 24. INDEMNIFICATION OF OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS Under the Nevada General Corporation Law and our Articles of Incorporation, as amended, our directors will have no personal liability to us or our stockholders for monetary damages incurred as the result of the breach or alleged breach by a director of his "duty of care". This provision does not apply to the directors' (i) acts or omissions that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing and culpable violation of law, (ii) acts or omissions that a director believes to be contrary to the best interests of the corporation or its shareholders or that involve the absence of good faith on the part of the director, (iii) approval of any transaction from which a director derives an improper personal benefit, (iv) acts or omissions that show a reckless disregard for the director's duty to the corporation or its shareholders in circumstances in which the director was aware, or should have been aware, in the ordinary course of performing a director's duties, of a risk of serious injury to the corporation or its shareholders, (v) acts or omissions that constituted an unexcused pattern of inattention that amounts to an abdication of the director's duty to the corporation or its shareholders, or (vi) approval of an unlawful dividend, distribution, stock repurchase or redemption. This provision would generally absolve directors of personal liability for negligence in the performance of duties, including gross negligence. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. ITEM 25. OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION The following table sets forth an estimate of the costs and expenses payable by Registrant in connection with the offering described in this registration statement. All of the amounts shown are estimates except the Securities and Exchange Commission registration fee: Securities and Exchange Commission Registration Fee $ 344 Accounting Fees and Expenses $ 40,000 * Legal Fees and Expenses $ 55,000 * Total $ 95,344 * Estimated ITEM 26. RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES The following is a summary of transactions by the Company since inception in 2007 involving the issuance and sale of the Company’s securities that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). All securities sold by the Company were sold to individuals, trusts or others as accredited investors as defined under Regulation D under the Securities Act, as amended. On October 26, 2007, the Company issued a total of 18,000,000 shares of common stock to the members of LQD Adrenalina, LLC and its subsidiaries in connection with the acquisition of that entity. On December 3, 2007, the Company issued to two accredited investors our 5% Senior Secured Convertible Debentures (the “Debentures”) in the principal amount of $3,000,000 as well as five-year warrants to purchase 4,000,000 shares of our common stock at $2.00 per share. Gilford Securities Incorporated acted as sole placement agent in connection with the transaction. The Company paid to the placement agent cash in the amount of $207,500 as a commission for placing the securities. II-2 On February 28, 2008, the Company issued to two accredited investors our 5% Senior Secured Convertible Debentures (the “Debentures”) in the principal amount of $2,500,000 as well as five-year warrants to purchase 3,333,333 shares of our common stock at $2.00 per share. Gilford Securities Incorporated acted as sole placement agent in connection with the transaction. The Company paid to the placement agent cash in the amount of $125,000 as a commission for placing the securities. On April 25, 2008, the Company issued to the same two accredited investors 400,000 shares of common stock at $0.75 per share. The issuances of the securities of the Company in the above transactions were deemed to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act by virtue of Section 4(2) thereof or Regulation D promulgated thereunder, as a transaction by an issuer not involving a public offering. With respect to each transaction listed above, no general solicitation was made by either the Company or any person acting on the Company’s behalf; the securities sold are subject to transfer restrictions; all recipients represented to the Company that they were accredited investors and the certificates for the shares contained an appropriate legend stating such securities have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold absent registration or pursuant to an exemption there from. II-3 ITEM 27. EXHIBITS Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Acquisition Agreement and Plan of Merger (1) 3.1 Articles of Incorporation (2) 3.2 Articles of Merger, by and among Basic Services, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, Adrenalina, a Nevada Corporation, a subsidiary of Basic Services, Inc. and LQD Adrenalina, LLC, Florida Limited Liability Company, which became effective on December 13, 2007 (3) 3.3 Bylaws (2) 4.1 Form of 5% Senior Secured Convertible Debentures (4) 4.2 Form of Warrant (4) 5.1 Legal Opinion of Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP* 10.1 Securities Purchase Agreement ** 10.2 Registration Rights Agreement ** 10.3 Security Agreement ** 10.4 Subsidiary Guaranty ** 10.5 Office Lease* 10.6 Promissory Note issued to Ilia Lekach by the Company* 10.7 Securities Purchase Agreement dated February 28, 2008** 10.8 Registration Rights Agreement dated February 28, 2008** 10.9 Subsidiary Guaranty dated February 28, 2008** 16.1 Letter regarding change in certifying accountant (1) 21 List of Subsidiaries** 23.1 Consent by Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1) 23.2 Consent by Goldstein Schechter Koch Price Lucas Horwitz & Co., P.A.** * Filed previously ** Filed herewith (1) Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 26, 2007 (2) Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (SEC File No. 333-142739) (3) Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 15, 2007 (4) Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 4, 2007 II-4 ITEM 28. UNDERTAKINGS (a) The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes to: (1) file, during any period in which it offers or sells securities, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement to: (i) Include any prospectus required by section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act; (ii) reflect in the prospectus any facts or events which, individually or together, represent a fundamental change in the information in the registration statement; and notwithstanding the forgoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation From the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospects filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in the volume and price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the "Calculation of Registration Fee" table in the effective registration statement. (iii) Include any additional or changed material information on the plan of distribution. (g) for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act to any purchaser: Each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. (2) For determining liability under the Securities Act, treat each post-effective amendment as a new registration statement of the securities offered, and the offering of the securities at that time to be the initial bona fide offering. (3) File a post-effective amendment to remove from registration any of the securities that remain unsold at the end of the offering. II-5 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all the requirements for filing on Form S-1 and has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in Miami on this June 2, 2008. ADRENALINA By: /s/ Jeffrey Geller Jeffrey Geller President POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jeffrey Geller his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments) to this Registration Statement, and any subsequent registration statements pursuant to Rule 462 of the Securities Act of 1933 and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that attorney-in-fact or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Ilia Lekach Director and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) June 2, 2008 /s/ Jeffrey Geller Director and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) June 2, 2008 /s/ Joseph Bouhadana Director June 2, 2008 /s/ Neil Florin Director June 2, 2008
