Unassociated Document As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 20, 2010 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 CHINA SHANDONG INDUSTRIES, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) Delaware 2590 20-8545693 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) No. 2888 Qinghe Road Development Zone Cao County Shandong Province, 274400 China (86) 530-3431658 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, or registrant’s principal executive offices) Jinliang Li Chief Executive Officer China Shandong Industries, Inc. No. 2888 Qinghe Road Development Zone Cao County Shandong Province, 274400 China (86) 530-3431658 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies to: Lawrence G. Nusbaum Gusrae, Kaplan, Bruno & Nusbaum PLLC 120 Wall Street, 11 th Floor New York, New York 10005 Tel: (212)269-1400 Fax: (212)809-5449 Mitchell Nussbaum Loeb & Loeb LLP 345 Park Avenue New York, NY 10154 Tel: (212) 407-4159 Fax: (212) 407-4990 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box: ¨ If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering: ¨ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a small reporting company: Large accelerated filer ¨ Accelerated filer ¨ Non-accelerated filer ¨ Smaller reporting company x Calculation of Registration Fee Title of each class of securities to be registered Proposed maximum aggregate offering price(1) Amount of registration fee Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share $ 23,000,000 (2) $ 1,639.90 Underwriter’s warrants to purchase common stock (3) $ 100 .01 Common stock underlying underwriter’s warrants $ 1,250,000 89.13 Total Registration Fee $ 1,729.04 (4) (1) Pursuant to Rule 416 under the Securities Act of 1933, there are also being registered and indeterminable number of additional securities as may be issued to prevent dilution as a result of stock splits, stock dividends or similar transactions. (2) Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the amount of the registration in accordance with Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Includes an estimated $3,000,000 proposed maximum aggregate offering price from the sale of shares of common stock which may be issued pursuant to the exercise of a 45-day option granted by the registrant to the underwriters to cover over-allotments, if any. (3) The Registrant will sell to the underwriters for $100 warrants to purchase a number of shares of common stock that is equal to 5% the aggregate number of shares sold in this offering excluding the over-allotment option. The warrants will be exercisable at a per share exercise price equal to 125% of the public offering price. As estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(g) under the Securities Act, the proposed maximum aggregate offering price of the underwriters’ warrants is $1,250,000, which is equal to 125% of $1,000,000 (5% of $20,000,000). In accordance with Rule 457(g) under the Securities Act, because the shares of the Registrant’s common stock underlying the underwriters’ warrants are registered hereby, no separate registration fee is required with respect to the warrants registered hereby. (4) Paid herewith. The Registrant amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall hereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to Section 8(a), may determine. The information in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUBJECT TO COMPLETION. DATED APRIL 20, 2010. China Shandong Industries, Inc. $20,000,000 of Common Stock We are offering $20,000,000 of shares of our common stock. The number of shares that we will offer will be determined based on the public offering price per share. Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol “CSNH”. The last reported sale price of our common stock on the OTC Bulletin Board on April 19, 2010 was $ 3.10 per share. We intend to apply for listing of our common stock on the NASDAQ Capital Market. If the application is not approved, we will not complete this offering. __________________________ Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 8 of this prospectus for a discussion of information that should be considered in connection with an investment in our securities. Per share Total Public offering price $ $ Underwriting discounts and commissions (1) $ $ Proceeds to us, before expenses $ $ (1) The underwriter will receive compensation in addition to the discounts and commissions as set forth under “Underwriting.” We have paid the underwriter $25,000 advance upon the execution of the engagement letter. The underwriter has a 45-day option to purchase up to 15% of the total number of shares of our common stock to be sold in this offering solely to cover over-allotments, if any. The underwriter will also be entitled to a non-accountable expense allowance equal to 1% of the public offering price and will receive warrants to purchase 5% of the aggregate number of shares of our common stock sold in this offering. The underwriter is offering the common stock as set forth under “Underwriting.” The underwriter expects to deliver the shares of common stock to purchasers on or about , 2010. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. __________________________ Rodman & Renshaw, LLC __________________________ The date of this prospectus is , 2010. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Prospectus Summary 1 The Offering 6 Summary Consolidated Financial Data 7 Risk Factors 8 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 23 Use of Proceeds 23 Determination of Offering Price 23 Dividend Policy 23 Capitalization 24 Market Price of and Dividends of Common Equity and Related Stock Holder Matters 25 Exchange Rate Information 26 Dilution 27 Selected Consolidated Financial and Operating Data 28 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 29 Furniture Industry Background 36 Business 38 Company History 51 Management 52 Executive Compensation 54 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 55 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 56 Description of Securities 58 Shares Eligible for Future Sale 60 Material United States Federal Income Tax Considerations 61 Material PRC Income Tax Considerations 64 Underwriting 67 Legal Matters 73 Experts 73 Where You Can Find Additional Information 73 Consolidated Financial Statements F-1 You should only rely on the information contained in this prospectus. We have not, and the underwriters have not, authorized any other person to provide you with different information. This prospectus is not an offer to sell, nor is it seeking an offer to buy, these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. The information in this prospectus is complete and accurate as of the date on the front cover, but the information may have changed since that date. We obtained statistical data, market data and other industry data and forecasts used throughout this prospectus from market research, publicly available information and industry publications. While we believe that the statistical data, industry data, forecasts and market research are reliable, we have not independently verified the data and we do not make any representation as to the accuracy of the information. PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights material information contained elsewhere in this prospectus and does not contain all of the information that you should consider in making an investment decision. We urge you to read this entire prospectus carefully, including the “Risk Factors” section and our financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this prospectus, before making an investment decision. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, all share and per share numbers set forth herein relating to our common stock (i) assume no exercise of (a) any warrants and/or options, (b) the underwriters’ warrants and/or (c) the underwriters’ over-allotment option, and (ii) reflect a 15 for 1 forward stock split of our common stock on December 3, 2009. Currency, exchange rate, and “China” and other references Unless otherwise noted, all currency figures in this filing are in U.S. dollars. References to "yuan" or "RMB" are to the Chinese yuan, which is also known as the RMB. According to the currency exchange website www.xe.com, on April 19, 2010, $1.00 was equivalent to 6.8268 yuan. References to “PRC” are to the People’s Republic of China. Unless otherwise specified or required by context, references to “we,” “our” and “us” refer collectively to (i) China Shandong Industries, Inc., and our subsidiaries, Tianwei International Development Corporation, an Oregon corporation and Shandong Caopu Arts & Crafts Co., Ltd, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise organized under the laws of the PRC. Specific discussions or comments relating only to China Shandong Industries, Inc. will reference China Shandong Industries and those relating only to Shandong Caopu Arts & Crafts Co., Ltd will reference “Shandong.” References to Shandong’s “registered capital” are to the equity of Shandong, which under PRC law is measured not in terms of shares owned but in terms of the amount of capital that has been contributed to a company by a particular shareholder or all shareholders. The portion of a limited liability company’s total capital contributed by a particular shareholder represents that shareholder’s ownership of us, and the total amount of capital contributed by all shareholders is our total equity. Capital contributions are made to us by deposits into a dedicated account in our name, which we may access in order to meet our financial needs. When our accountant certifies to PRC authorities that a capital contribution has been made and we have received the necessary government permission to increase its contributed capital, the capital contribution is registered with regulatory authorities and becomes a part of our “registered capital.” Our Business We are a designer and contract manufacturer of household furniture in the PRC. We produce a variety of indoor and outdoor residential furniture and wicker products that are sold and exported to more than 30 countries. Our products are sold through well known domestic and international retailers such as Zara-Home, Habitat UK Ltd., ABM Group Inc., and Fuji Boeki Co. Ltd. We believe that the product depth and extensive style selections we offer allows us to be a strong resource for global furniture, retail chains and retailers in the discounted price range. Our operations are conducted through our subsidiary, Shandong, located in Shandong Province, PRC. Through Shandong, we manufacture over 20,000 different products. We focus on providing high quality products at competitive prices. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009, approximately 5% of our products were sold in the PRC and 95% of our products were sold to companies in countries such as the United States, Germany, England, Italy, Sweden, Canada, Taiwan. For fiscal year 2009, we generated revenues of approximately $59.5 million and net income of approximately $10.0 million. For the 2008 fiscal year, we generated revenues of approximately $42.2 million and net income of approximately $5.7 million. For fiscal year 2009, sales and net income were approximately $29.8 million and $5.3million, respectively, from our furniture products, approximately $ 28.7 million and $4.7 million, respectively, from our straw and wicker products, and $1.1 million and $0.2 million, respectively, from our crafts products. As of December 31, 2009, we had total assets of approximately $42.3 million, $2.2 million of available cash and cash equivalents and approximately 1500 full time employees. Our operating facilities consist of 16 plants located in our Caopu Industrial Park, which includes our existing 4 industrial parks in Cao County, Shandong Province, PRC. The existing industrial parks have a total area of 200,000 square meters, of which 110,000 square meters consists of buildings that house our production lines, warehouses, executive offices and related business items. For the fiscal year ended 2009, our production capacity for all of our products in the aggregate was approximately 5 million units. 1 Because straw, wicker and handicraft products are relatively easy to produce, and do not require a significant investment in technology or equipment, we do not produce such products in our manufacturing facilities. Instead, we employ local people to manufacture such products in their homes in Cao County, Shandong Province, PRC. All of our four existing industrial parks are engaged in producing wood furniture. Our four industrial parks consist of 16 plants, which produce a full line of residential furniture products, including kitchen furniture, office furniture, living room furniture, outdoor furniture and general living furniture. In order to respond quickly to customer orders, we have designed our facilities and developed manufacturing practices that allow us to be highly flexible so that certain of our plants can be used to produce several types of furniture. Concentration on Furniture Industry Based upon our experience as furniture markers and sellers both domestically and internationally as well as the Shandong Caopu Arts & Crafts Co., Ltd Poplar Furniture & Paint Line Expansion Projects Feasibility Study Report, a report issued by China Shandong Province Engineering Consultation Institute in March 2009 (the “Shandong Report”) , ,we believe that the demand for furniture has been growing steadily worldwide. We believe that historically western countries have accounted for the majority of world furniture production and consumption. However, we believe that the global furniture industry is undergoing a substantial transformation, where developing countries, such as China, are playing an increasingly important role in wood furniture production and consumption. As a result, although our straw, wicker and handicraft products have been and continue to be an integral part of our overall business, we intend to focus and devote a substantial part of our resources to expand our wood furniture business. Our Competitive Advantages We believe that we are one of the leading producers and manufacturers of furniture and craft products in China and that we have the following competitive advantages over our competitors: · Our brand name “CAOPU” is well-known among oversea retailers and wholesalers; · We believe that we are well known among overseas customers for our poplar and paulownia wood products; · Our research and development (“R&D”) team has 26 employees, each of whom has over 5 years of experience in furniture and craft production; · We have what we believe to be a strong technological team in product improvement; · We have developed innovative products based on traditional folk arts in Cao County; · We believe that our raw materials costs are lower than our competitors because our production facility is located in an area that has an abundance of fast-growing trees that we use in manufacturing our products and we do not require an administrative license to use the trees in the area referenced; and · Over the past ten years, we have developed long-term customer cooperative relationships with a number of well known companies. Our Strengths Track record of growth Our revenues and net income have increased substantially over the past 6 years. Specifically, we generated revenues of US $42.2 million and US$ 60 million and achieved net income of US$6.0 million and US$10.0 million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2008 and 2009, respectively. Following this offering, we plan to increase the aggregate annual production capacity for our existing products and to launch production of a new line of higher end furniture with higher profit margins. Flexibility to Change to Consumer Tastes of High Quality Product Offering We believe our wide variety of product categories, styles and finishes enable us to respond quickly to changing consumer preferences. We believe we offer our customers a comprehensive production line principally in the lower price range. Based on our sales and large client base, we believe our products represent good value, and that the style and quality of our furniture compares favorably with more premium-priced products. Strong Recognition from Domestic and International Customers The solid reputation that our management team has developed over the last number of years in the furniture industry in China and in other countries such as the United States, Germany, England, Italy, Sweden, Canada, including an established track record for consistently providing quality products at competitive prices, has enabled us to develop a strong customer base which includes several reputable domestic and multinational retailers, including Zara-Home, Habitat UK Ltd. ABM Group Inc. and Fuji Boeki Co., Ltd. 2 Reliable Supplier Network for Low-Cost Raw Materials We believe that many of our current suppliers with whom we have longstanding relationships, prefer to sell raw materials to us as opposed to other purchasers, at competitive prices, due to our large order and track record for prompt payment. We believe these long-standing supplier relationships provide us with a competitive advantage in China. Since Cao County is a natural base for the raw materials of our products, the supply of raw material is greater than we require. Thus, we are able to leverage our purchasing power to obtain favorable pricing and delivery terms. In addition, none of our current suppliers supplies more than 5% of the raw materials we require. Rigorous Quality Control Standards Consistent with our continuing commitment to quality, we impose rigorous quality control standards at various stages of our production process. We strictly comply with various national quality standards, established by the General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine of China, with respect to the hardware and paint used in the manufacture of furniture, straw-wicker and handicraft products. We also strictly comply with various quality standards in accordance with the clients’ special quality requirements. Experienced Management and Operational Teams with Domestic PRC Market Knowledge Our senior management team and key operating personnel have extensive management and operating experience and domestic PRC industry knowledge. In particular, Mr. Jinliang Li, our chairman, has managed and operated businesses in the furniture industry in the PRC for 25 years. Mr. Zhiqiang Zhong, the production manager of Shandong, has experience in the furniture industry in the PRC for 14 years, Mr. Zhiyu Wang, chief financial officer of Shandong, has experience in furniture industry for 10 years, Mr. Jiawei Li, our director and chief marketing manager of Shandong, has experience in marketing and furniture industry for 4 years. We believe that our management team’s experience and in-depth knowledge of the furniture business will enable us to continue to successfully execute our expansion strategies. In addition, we believe our management team’s strong track record will enable us to continue to take advantage of market opportunities that may arise. We are Taking Advantage of Industry Trends According to an article dated October 9, 2008, titled 2008 International Trade Development Tendency of China Furniture, the major furniture manufacturing provinces in China are Shandong (where we are located), Guangzhou and Jiangsu, and furniture manufactured in China is now exported to over 200 countries. We believe this production shift to China has been attributed to the increasing labor costs and operational costs incurred in the manufacture of these products in more developed countries. Consequently, we believe retailers in developed countries are relying more on imported furniture products. Our strategy is to take advantage of this trend. Our Proposed Growth Strategy Based upon the historical growing demand for our wood furniture products and the changing dynamics of the wood furniture industry, we believe we have a unique opportunity to substantially increase our revenues, net income and gross margins by not only expanding the capacity of our existing wood furniture production business but also producing additional types of wood furniture products for which we believe there is a large and increasing international demand. We seek to increase our revenues by taking advantage of the increasing demand for wood furniture worldwide, as such we have developed a growth strategy that we believe will allow us to capitalize on this opportunity. Our growth strategy is focused on increasing our production capacity of wooden furniture and manufacturing new products that we believe are in high demand internationally. Develop new products In order to produce higher end products we plan to develop a new manufacturing line. Based upon, among other items, our attendance at trade shows and discussions with our larger clients, we believe that we can substantially increase our revenues, gross margins and net income by producing such a new high end furniture line. Increasing production capacity Our current production capacity for our existing wooden furniture products can only satisfy between 60% and 70% of our overseas orders. Our strategy to increase our capacity is multifaceted. In December 2006, we were granted by the PRC government a land-use permit to use approximately 98,435.32 square meters to establish our fifth industrial park to expand our current Caopu Industrial Park. In such industrial park, which also will be located in Caopu Industrial Park near our existing 4 industrial parks, we plan to build a new furniture production line, which will produce higher end furniture, and a R&D center. We believe this plan will not only increase our production capacity but also increase our gross margins and strengthen our market share in our product industry. The total estimated cost to build the new production line is approximately $20 million, which includes workshop construction cost as well as equipment and machinery cost. The total estimated cost to establish the new R&D center is approximately $1.4 million. 3 We intend to use the net proceeds from this public offering to fund a substantial portion of the $20 million required to build the new furniture production line, with the balance of funds coming from operating funds. Strengthening R&D We believe product innovation and technology advancement are vital for our business expansion. In the past years, we mainly depended on in-house research. For fiscal years 2009 and 2008, we spent approximately $ 0.5 million and $0.4 million, respectively on R&D. We intend to build a new R&D center in the fifth industrial park. We believe our R&D initiatives will substantially shorten the time of both traditional and new product development. It is currently contemplated by us that the proposed new R&D center will include a 6,000 square meter building with an experiment workshop, office, training room and housing. The estimated cost of R&D center is an estimated approximately $1.4 million consisting of (i) $850,000 for building costs and (ii) $550,000 for equipment costs. Strengthening our relationships with key customers and diversifying our customer base. We intend to strengthen our relationships with key customers while further expanding our customer base. We plan to continue providing high-quality and cost-competitive products to our existing customers and to use our existing customer network and strong industry reputation to expand our product sales internationally. We also plan, subject to available financing, to improve our overseas sales networks by establishing retail stores to allow us to sell our products directly to the end users in the United States, Japan and Europe. We intend to continue to use customer feedback to improve the quality of our products and services and to strengthen our long-term base of domestic and international customers. Office Location Our executive offices are located at No. 2888 Qinghe Road, Development Zone Cao County, Shandong province, 274400 PRC, and our telephone number is (86) 530-3432696. Our website is www.caopu.cn . Information on our website or any other website is not a part of this prospectus. Corporate History and Organizational Structure We are a holding company and all of our active business operations are conducted by our indirect, operating subsidiary, Shandong. We were incorporated in February 2007 in Delaware under the name Mobile Presence Technologies, Inc. to develop and provide software and services to enhance the use of cellular phones and other hand held communication devices. In November 2009, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Tianwei International Development Corporation, which we refer to as Tianwei. Tianwei was incorporated under the laws of Oregon on January 13, 2009 and is the owner of all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Shandong. Shandong was organized under the laws of the PRC in August 2000 under the name Heze Caopu Arts & Crafts Co., Ltd. In November 2000, it changed its name to Shandong Caopu Arts & Crafts., Ltd. Shandong has registered capital of $7.8 million, 96.79% of which was owned by Shandong Cao County Changsheng Arts & Crafts Co., Ltd. and the remaining 3.21% was owned by Japan Fit Co., Ltd. In March 2009, Tianwei acquired Japan Fit’s 3.21% interest in Shandong and in July 2009, Tianwei acquired Shandong Cao County Changsheng Arts & Crafts Co., Ltd.’s 96.79% interest in Shandong. As a result, Tianwei became the sole owner of Shandong and we became the 100% owner of Tianwei. In addition, as a result of its new ownership structure, Shandong became a “Wholly Foreign Owned Enterprise” or “WFOE” under PRC law. On December 3, 2009, we filed a certificate of amendment to our certificate of incorporation changing our name to China Shandong Industries, Inc. to better align our name with our business, increasing our authorized shares of common stock to 100,000,000 and effectuating a 15 for 1 forward split of our common stock. The following chart reflects our organizational structure as of the date of this prospectus: 4 (1) CAOPU Enterprise Limited, a BVI entity (“CAOPU”), owns 86.4% of our issued and outstanding common stock. Mr. Jinliang Li, our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and controlling shareholder, owns all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of CAOPU. Of the shares owned by CAOPU, shares representing 51% of our issued and outstanding shares are held for the benefit of Mr. Li and shares representing 35.4% of our issued and outstanding shares are held for the benefit of nine other minority shareholders (none of whom owns more than 4.4% of our issued and outstanding shares individually). The shares held by CAOPU for the benefit of Mr. Li and the minority shareholders are held pursuant to the terms of agreements between CAOPU and each such shareholder, a form of which is attached as an exhibit to this registration statement. Pursuant to the terms of such agreements, CAOPU will continue to hold such shares for the benefit of such shareholders for a period of 15 months after we complete the public offering of our securities, unless such time period is extended. Although Mr. Li has no pecuniary interest in the shares held by CAOPU for the benefit of the nine minority shareholders, by reason of his sole ownership of CAOPU, Mr. Li has sole voting and dispositive power over such shares of our common stock (2) None of the other shareholders has more than 5% shares of our common stock. 5 THE OFFERING Common stock we are offering shares Offering price $ per share Common stock outstanding before this offering 25,725,000 shares Common stock outstanding after this offering shares Over-allotment option We granted the underwriters the right to purchase up to additional shares from us at the public offering price, less the underwriting discount, within 45 days from the date of this prospectus to cover over-allotments, if any. Use of proceeds: We intend to use these net proceeds of this offering to construct 1 of our 2 new proposed production facilities. This first new production facility will produce higher grade furniture. The total cost of such production is approximately to be $20 million, including but not limited to (i) $5.3 million to build a 30,000 square meter work shop, and (ii) $6.7 million to purchase the necessary equipment for the production line. We intend to obtain the balance of such funds from our available cash. See “Use of Proceeds” on page 23 for more information. Market for our common stock Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol “CSNH”. To date, however, trading activity in our common stock has been extremely limited. We intend to apply for the listing of our common stock on NASDAQ Capital Market. Proposed NASDAQ Capital Market symbol for our common stock “ ” Dividend policy: Our board of directors does not intend to declare cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. Risk Factors Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. As an investor, you should be able to bear a complete loss of your investment. You should carefully consider the information set forth in the “Risk Factors” section beginning on page 8. 6 SUMMARY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA The following summary consolidated financial data is derived from our financial statements which have been audited by Bongiovanni & Associates, C.P.A, an independent registered public accounting firm, including the balance sheet at December 31, 2009 and 2008, and the related statements of operations, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for the two years ended December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, which are included elsewhere in this prospectus. The following data should be read in conjunction with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in this prospectus and the financial statements and notes thereto included in this prospectus. Financial Summary Information Because this is only a financial summary, it does not contain all the financial information that may be important to you. It should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes presented in this section. Statements of Operations For the year ended December 31, 2009 For the year ended December 31, 2008 Revenues $ 59,549,572 $ 42,197,393 Cost of Sales $ (42,186,937 ) $ (31,570,829 ) Gross profit $ 17,362,635 $ 10,626,565 Operating expenses $ 2,797,647 $ 2,553,694 Income from operations $ 14,564,988 $ 8,072,871 Other expense $ (1,161,581 ) $ (356,959 ) Income from operations before income taxes $ 13,403,408 $ 7,715,912 Income taxes $ (3,415,978 ) $ (1,953,918 ) Net income $ 9,987,430 $ 5,761,994 Foreign currency translation adjustment $ (241,552 ) $ 746,119 Comprehensive Income $ 9,745,878 $ 6,508,112 Balance Sheet Data: As of December 31, 2009 As of December 31, 2008 Cash $ 2,185,839 $ 1,751,997 Total current assets $ 28,100,198 $ 25,557,649 Fixed assets $ 7,423,934 $ 7,921,096 Other assets $ 6,940,632 $ 6,372 Total Assets $ 42,464,764 $ 33,485,117 Current liabilities $ 9,726,775 $ 10,493,036 Long term liabilities $ -0- $ -0- Stockholders’ equity $ 32,737,989 $ 22,992,081 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 42,464,764 $ 33,485,117 7 RISK FACTORS An investment in our common stock involves significant risks. You should carefully consider the following risks and all other information set forth in this prospectus before deciding to invest in our common stock. If any of the events or developments described below occurs, our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer. In that case, the value of our common stock may decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. Our current business operations are conducted in the PRC. Because China’s economy and its laws, regulations and policies are different from those typically found in the West and are continually changing, we face certain risks, including but not limited to those summarized below. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry The current economic and credit environment could have an adverse effect on demand for certain of our products and services, which would in turn have a negative impact on our results of operations, our cash flows, our financial condition, our ability to borrow and our stock price. Since at least 2008, global market and economic conditions have been disrupted and volatile. Concerns over increased energy costs, geopolitical issues, the availability and cost of credit, the U.S. mortgage market and a declining residential real estate market in the U.S. have contributed to this increased volatility and diminished expectations for the economy and the markets going forward. These factors, combined with volatile oil prices, declining business and consumer confidence and increased unemployment, have precipitated a global recession. It is difficult to predict how long the current economic conditions will persist, whether they will deteriorate further, and which of our products, if not all of them, will be adversely affected. These conditions, if they continue, could cause a material decrease in our sales, net income and an increase in the prices we pay for raw materials we use in producing our furniture products and, thus, materially affect our operating results and financial condition. We may be unable to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, and as a result we may be unable to accurately report our financial results. Our reporting obligations as a public company place a significant strain on our management, operational and financial resources and systems. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we could experience delays or inaccuracies in our reporting of financial information, or non-compliance with the SEC, reporting and other regulatory requirements. This could subject us to regulatory scrutiny and result in a loss of public confidence in our management, which could, among other things, cause our stock price to drop. Because we will requi re additional financing to expand our operation in accordance with our growing strategy, our failure to obtain necessary financing will impair our growth strategy. As of December 31, 2009, we had working capital of approximately $18.7 million. Our capital requirements in connection with our planned development and growth of our business are significant. We believe we can substantially increase our revenue, net income and gross margins by implementing a growth strategy that focuses on (i) selling new wood furniture products, and (ii) increasing our existing manufacturing capacity. To implement our growth strategy, we intend to expand our current Caopu Industrial Park by (i) constructing our 5 th industrial park, located in such area, which will include the 2 new production facilities and an R&D center, (ii) upgrading our existing facilities to maximize our existing production lines, and (iii) setting up various new facilities that will produce products used in the production of our new and existing furniture lines. We also intend to open retail stores overseas to sell our products directly to end users. The estimated costs for this and other projects that are part of our growth strategy are an estimated approximately $ 74.8 million in the aggregate and will be undertaken in phases depending on our available funds. We intend to use the net proceeds from this offering to fund a substantial portion of one of our 2 proposed new production lines. Such production line costs an estimated approximately $20 million. As a result, following the closing of the offering, we will still need an additional approximately $2 million to finish our higher grade furniture production line and approximately $54.8 million to fund the balance of our growth strategy. We currently have no commitments with any third party to obtain such additional financing and we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain additional financing on any terms, and, if we are able to raise additional funds, it may be necessary for us to sell our securities at a price which is at a significant discount from the market price and on other terms which may be disadvantageous to us. In connection with any such financing, we may be required to provide registration rights to the investors and pay damages to the investors in the event that the registration statement is not filed or declared effective by specified dates. The price and terms of any financing which would be available to us could result in both the issuance of a significant number of shares and significant downward pressure on our stock price. If we are unable to (i) obtain and/or fund ourselves the additional $2 million to pay for the balance of the $20 million initial new production line and/or (ii) obtain the additional $54.8 million to fund the balance of our proposed growth plans, our revenues and income could decrease. 8 Failure to produce and/or sell our new products may have an adverse effect on us. As part of our growth strategy we intend to construct 2 new production lines which will manufacture products that we perceive global demand for. The failure by us to successfully manufacture such new products on a cost effective and timely basis and/or sell such products in sufficient amounts would result in us having expended substantial fund and time without producing corresponding revenues and net income, which could, among other negative items, weaken our cash position and further reduce our operating results. An increase in the cost of raw materials, or our failure to obtain enough raw materials will adversely affect sales and revenues. Raw materials required for the crafts and furniture industry includes poplar, paulownia and other natural sources. Any increase in the prices of these raw materials in the future will affect the price at which we can sell our products. In addition, as we expand our business, we may encounter the problem of shortage of raw materials. If we are not able to raise our prices to pass on increased costs or if we cannot get enough raw materials to meet the expansion of our business, we would be unable to maintain our margins, which would adversely affect our financial condition and profitability. Because our funds are held in banks which do not provide insurance, the failure of any bank in which we deposit our funds could affect our ability to continue in business. Banks and other financial institutions in the PRC do not provide insurance for funds held on deposit. A significant portion of our assets are in the form of cash deposited with banks in the PRC, and in the event of bank failure, we may not have access to, or may lose entirely, our funds on deposit. Depending upon the amount of cash we maintain in a bank that fails, our inability to have access to such cash deposits could impair our operations, and, if we are not able to access funds to pay our suppliers, employees and other creditors, we may be unable to continue in business. We may be unable to successfully expand our manufacturing capacity, which could result in material delays, quality issues, increased costs and loss of business opportunities, which may negatively impact our product margins and profitability. Part of our future growth strategy is to increase our manufacturing capacity to meet increasing demand for our existing products. Assuming we obtain sufficient funding to increase our manufacture capacity, any projects undertaken by us to increase such capacity may not be constructed on the anticipated timetable or within budget. We may also experience quality control issues as we implement these manufacturing upgrades and ramp up production. Any material delay in completing these projects, or any substantial increase in costs or quality issues in connection with these projects, could materially delay our ability to bring our products to markets and adversely affect our business, reduce our revenue, income and available cash, all of which could result in reducing financial condition by a loss of business opportunities. If we fail to meet evolving demands and requirements of customers for our furniture and other products, through product enhancements or introducing new products, or if our products cannot compete effectively, our financial results may be negatively affected. The market for our furniture and other products is characterized by changing design and evolving demands and requirements of customers and industry. Our competitors are continuously developing and designing new products, which, if successful, could undermine the competitiveness of our products. Our current and future research and development efforts will focus on developing and designing new products, applications and technologies to enhance our existing products. If we fail to timely develop new product enhancements and new products or if the competitiveness of our products are greatly undermined, we may be unable to grow our revenue as expected and may incur expenses relating to the development or acquisition of new products and technologies that are not fully offset by the revenue they generate, which could result in a substantial and material loss of our current customers, future business opportunities and a decrease in revenues, income and available cash. 44% of our products were sold to Trade Point A/S Direct Container in the fiscal 2009, and the loss of this customer could impair our operating results. In Fiscal 2009, we sold approximately $122,947,910.1 of our products to Trade Point A/S Direct Container (44% of our revenues). Although we believe the loss or substantial reduction of sales of our products to such customer would be replaced by increased sales to other of our customers, the loss or substantial decrease in sales of our products to Trade Point A/S Direct Container could, if not so replaced, result in a substantial reduction in our revenues and net income. 9 Our business and operations are experiencing rapid growth. If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our business and operating results could be harmed. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, rapid growth in our operations, which has placed, and may continue to place, significant demands on our management, operational and financial infrastructure. If we do not effectively manage our growth, the quality of our products and services could suffer, which could negatively affect our operating results. To effectively manage this growth, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls and our reporting systems and procedures. These systems enhancements and improvements may require significant capital expenditures and management resources. Failure to implement these improvements could hurt our ability to manage our growth and our financial position. Failure to enhance our brand recognition could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We believe we will need to expend significant time, effort and resources to enhance the recognition of our brands. We believe developing our brand is important to our sales and marketing efforts. If we fail to enhance the recognition of our brands, it could have a material adverse effect on our ability to sell our product and thus affect our business and results of operations. If we fail to develop a positive public image and reputation, our existing business with our customers could decline and we may fail to develop additional business, which could in turn adversely affect our prospects and results of operations. We may face increased competition and, if we are unable to compete successfully, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. We believe the main factors that have and in the future that could negatively impact our operating results are (i) cost of raw materials, (ii) the prices our products are sold by third party retailers, (iii) research and development, (iv) demand of our new products and (v) our capital requirements. Because we believe we have an advantage over our competitors in the price at which we obtain our raw materials and our research and development, we believe our current products have an advantage over competitors’ products. We may not be able to continue to compete effectively with our existing competitors, or compete effectively with new competitors. In addition, some of our competitors may acquire or have more financial and other resources than we do. If we fail to compete effectively, our business operations and financial condition will suffer. Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to adequately protect, or uncertainty regarding validity, enforceability or scope of them could undermine our competitive position and reduce the value of our products, services and brand, and litigation to protect our intellectual property rights may be costly. We attempt to strengthen and differentiate our product portfolio by developing new and innovative products and product improvements. As a result, our patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights and other intellectual property rights are important assets for us. Various events outside of our control pose a threat to our intellectual property rights as well as to our products and services. For example, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in China and other countries in which our products are sold. Also, although we have applied for the intellectual property protection of 23 patents and have registered our trademark in China, Japan and the World Intellectual Property Organization, the efforts we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business or our ability to compete and adversely affect our results of operation. Also, protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming. Policing the unauthorized use of our proprietary technology can be difficult and expensive. Litigation might be necessary to protect our intellectual property rights. But due to the relative unpredictability of the Chinese legal system and potential difficulties of enforcing a court’s judgment in China, there is no guarantee that litigation would result in an outcome favorable to us. Furthermore, any such litigation may be costly and may divert our management’s attention away from our core business. An adverse determination in any lawsuit involving our intellectual property is likely to jeopardize our business prospects and reputation. Although currently we are not aware of any of such litigation, we have no insurance coverage against the litigation costs so we would be forced to bear all litigation costs if we cannot recover them from other parties in the future. All of the foregoing factors could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any increase in the unauthorized use of our intellectual property in the future could make it more expensive to do business and harm our operating results. 10 We may be exposed to infringement or misappropriation claims by third parties, which, if determined adversely against us, could adversely affect our business and subject us to significant liability to third parties. Our success mainly depends on our ability to use and develop our technology and product designs without infringing upon the intellectual property rights of third parties. We may be subject to litigation involving claims of patent infringement or violation of other intellectual property rights of third parties. The holders of patents and other intellectual property rights potentially relevant to our product offerings may be unknown to us or may otherwise make it difficult for us to acquire a license on commercially acceptable terms. There may also be technologies licensed to and relied on by us that are subject to infringement or other corresponding allegations or claims by third parties which may damage our ability to rely on such technologies. In addition, although we endeavor to ensure that companies that work with us possess appropriate intellectual property rights or licenses, we cannot fully avoid the risks of intellectual property rights infringement created by suppliers of components used in our products or by companies we work with in cooperative research and development activities. Our current or potential competitors may have obtained or may obtain patents that will prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make, use or sell our products in the world. The defense of intellectual property claims, including patent infringement suits, and related legal and administrative proceedings can be both costly and time consuming, and may significantly divert the efforts and resources of our technical and management personnel. These factors could effectively prevent us from pursuing some or all of our business and result in our customers or potential customers deferring, canceling or limiting their purchase or use of our products, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Problems with product quality or product performance could result in a decrease in clients and revenue, unexpected expenses and loss of market share. We believe our results of operations depend partly on our ability to deliver quality products on a timely and cost effective basis. Although currently our products need to pass our own quality test before being shipped to customers, as we develop new products and expand our operations, it may become more difficult to guarantee the quality of our products. If we experience deterioration in the performance or quality of any of our products, including as a result of the expansion of our manufacturing capabilities, it could result in delays in delivery, cancellations of orders or client returns and complaints, loss of goodwill and harm to our brand and reputation. These problems may lead to a decrease in customers and revenue, harm to our brand, unexpected expenses, loss of market share, the incurrence of significant repair costs, diversion of the attention of our personnel from our product development efforts or customer relation problems, any one of which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Environmental claims or failure to comply with any present or future environmental laws or regulations may require us to spend additional funds and may harm our results of operations. We are subject to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations such as Environmental Protection Law, Regulation on Work Safety Licenses, Production Safety Law, etc. that affect our operations, facilities and products in China. Any failure to comply with any present or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations could result in the assessment of damages or imposition of fines against us, suspension of production, cessation of our operations or even criminal sanctions. New laws and regulations could also require us to acquire costly equipment or to incur other significant expenses. Our failure to control the use of, or adequately restrict the discharge of, hazardous substances could subject us to potentially significant monetary damages and fines or suspension of our business operations, which may harm our results of operations. Because we depend on retailers or wholesalers to market our products in the international market, any problems enco untered by these third parties, or our failure to maintain relationships with these third parties or to expand third parties could negatively affect our sales. We do not have any sales offices outside of the PRC although most of our products are sold to overseas companies and we depend on other companies to market our products in the international market. As a result, we are dependent upon third parties, over which we have no control, to develop and implement an international marketing effort. Any problems encountered by these third parties, including potential violations of laws of the PRC or other countries, or our failure to maintain relationship with the third parties or to expand third parties may adversely affect the sales of our products which would, in turn, affect our net sales. We rely on highly skilled personnel and the continuing efforts of our executive officers and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel or hire qualified personnel, our business may be severely disrupted if we lose their services. Our performance largely depends on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals and in particular, the technology and expertise held by our Chief Executive Officer, Jinliang Li. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract new technology developers and to retain and motivate our existing contractors. Our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have employment contracts with certain of our operating subsidiaries as described elsewhere in this prospectus. However, if any disputes arise between any such person and us, we cannot assure you, in light of uncertainties associated with the Chinese legal system, the extent to which any of such agreements could be enforced in China, where such persons reside and hold some of their assets. If one or more of our executive officers are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, we may not be able to replace them readily, if at all. Therefore, our business may be severely disrupted, and we may incur additional expenses to recruit and retain new officers. In addition, if any of our executives joins a competitor or forms a competing company, we may lose some of our customers. 11 Our financial and operating performance may be adversely affected by epidemics, adverse weather conditions, natural disasters and other catastrophes. Our financial and operating performance may be adversely affected by `epidemics, adverse weather conditions, natural disasters and other catastrophes. For example, in early 2003, several economies in Asia, including China, were affected by the outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS. During May and June of 2003, many businesses in China were closed by the PRC government to prevent transmission of SARS. In addition, some Asian countries, including China, have recently encountered incidents of the H5N1 strain of bird flu, or avian flu. Furthermore, the 2008 Sichuan earthquake also had a negative impact on many businesses in the region. Losses caused by epidemics, adverse weather conditions, natural disasters and other catastrophes, including SARS, avian flu, swine flu, earthquakes or typhoons, will adversely affect our operations. Although we have insurance coverage in the PRC, we are not be protected from risks that are customarily covered by insurance in the United States. We have purchased property insurance for our properties, including raw materials, semi-manufactures, manufactures, house and buildings and machinery equipments, for a total insured amount of RMB 19,566,426.9, or approximately $2,861,890, for the period from May 20, 2009 to May 19, 2010. After May 19, 2010, we intend to attempt to and believe we will be able to obtain similar insurance. However, this property insurance may not cover the full value of our property and equipment, which leaves us with exposure in the event of loss or damage to our properties or claims filed against us. We currently do not carry any product liability or other similar insurance . We cannot assure you that we would not face liability in the event of the failure of any of our products. This is particularly true given our plan to significantly expand our sales into international markets, like the United States, where product liability claims are more prevalent. We do not have business liability or business disruption insurance coverage for our operations in the PRC. We do not maintain a reserve fund for warranty or defective products claims. Our costs could substantially increase if we experience a significant number of warranty claims. We have not established any reserve funds for potential warranty claims since historically we have experienced few warranty claims for our products so that the costs associated with our warranty claims have been low. If we experience an increase in warranty claims or if our repair and replacement costs associated with warranty claims increase significantly, it would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Under PRC law, we are required to obtain permits and business licenses, and our failure to do so would adversely impact our ability to conduct business in China. We hold various permits, business licenses, and approvals authorizing our operations and activities, which are subject to periodic review and reassessment by the Chinese authorities. Standards of compliance necessary to pass such reviews change from time to time and differ from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, leading to a degree of uncertainty. If renewals, or new permits, business licenses or approvals required in connection with existing or new facilities or activities, are not granted or are delayed, or if existing permits, business licenses or approvals are revoked or substantially modified, we may not be able to continue to operate our facilities which would have a material adverse affect on our operations . If new standards are applied to renewals or new applications, it could prove costly to us to meet any new level of compliance. If we make any acquisitions, they may disrupt or have a negative impact on our business. Although we have no present plans for any specific acquisition, in the event that we make acquisitions, we could have difficulty integrating the acquired companies’ personnel and operations with our own. In addition, the key personnel of the acquired business may not be willing to work for us. We cannot predict the effect expansion may have on our core business. Regardless of whether we are successful in making an acquisition, the negotiations could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and employees and increase our expenses. In addition to the risks described above, acquisitions are accompanied by a number of inherent risks, including, without limitation, the following: · the difficulty of integrating acquired products, services or operations; · the potential disruption of the ongoing businesses and distraction of our management and the management of acquired companies; · the difficulty of incorporating acquired rights or products into our existing business; 12 · difficulties in disposing of the excess or idle facilities of an acquired company or business and expenses in maintaining such facilities; · difficulties in maintaining uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies; · the potential impairment of relationships with employees and customers as a result of any integration of new management personnel; · the potential inability or failure to achieve additional sales and enhance our customer base through cross-marketing of the products to new and existing customers; · the effect of any government regulations which relate to the business acquired; · potential unknown liabilities associated with acquired businesses or product lines, or the need to spend significant amounts to retool, reposition or modify the marketing and sales of acquired products or the defense of any litigation, whether of not successful, resulting from actions of the acquired company prior to our acquisition. Our business could be severely impaired if and to the extent that we are unable to succeed in addressing any of these risks or other problems encountered in connection with these acquisitions, many of which cannot be presently identified, these risks and problems could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and employees, increase our expenses and adversely affect our results of operations. Risks Related to Doing Business in China The payment of dividends in the PRC is subject to limitations. We may not be able to pay dividends to our stockholders. We conduct all of our business through our consolidated subsidiaries and affiliated companies incorporated in the PRC. We rely on dividends paid by these consolidated subsidiaries for our cash needs, including the funds necessary to pay any dividends and other cash distributions to our stockholders, to service any debt we may incur and to pay our operating expenses. The payment of dividends by entities established in the PRC is subject to limitations. Regulations in the PRC currently permit payment of dividends only out of accumulated profits as determined in accordance with accounting standards and regulations in the PRC, subject to certain statutory procedural requirements. Our PRC subsidiary, even though it is a wholly foreign owned enterprises, is also required to set aside at least 10.0% of their after-tax profit based on PRC accounting standards each year to its general reserves or statutory reserve fund until the aggregate amount of such reserves reaches 50.0% of its respective registered capital. Our statutory reserves are not distributable as loans, advances or cash dividends. In addition, if our PRC subsidiary incurs debt on its own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to us. Since the aggregate amount of our general reserves equaled at least 50% of our registered capital as of December 31, 2009, our PRC subsidiary was not required to allocated any fund to these reserves. Any limitations on the ability of our PRC subsidiary to transfer funds to us could materially and adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could be beneficial to our business, pay dividends and otherwise fund and conduct our business. The PRC economic cycle may negatively impact our operating results. We believe that the rapid growth of the PRC economy before 2008 generally led to higher levels of inflation. We believe that the PRC economy has more recently experienced a slowing of its growth rate. We believe that a number of factors have contributed to this slow-down, including appreciation of the RMB, the currency of China, which has adversely affected China’s exports. In addition, we believe the slow-down has been exacerbated by the recent global crisis in the financial services and credit markets, which has resulted in significant volatility and dislocation in the global capital markets. It is uncertain how long the global crisis in the financial services and credit markets will continue and the significance of the adverse impact it may have on the global economy in general, or the Chinese economy in particular. Slowing economic growth in China could result in slowing growth and demand for our products which could reduce our revenues and income. In the event of a recovery in the PRC, renewed high growth levels may again lead to inflation. Government attempts to control inflation may adversely affect the business climate and growth of private enterprise. In addition, our profitability may be adversely affected if prices for our products rise at a rate that is insufficient to compensate for the rise in inflation. 13 Fluctuation in the value of the RMB may have a material adverse effect on your investment. The value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in China’s political and economic conditions. The conversion of RMB into foreign currencies, including U.S. dollars, has historically been set by the People’s Bank of China. On July 21, 2005, the PRC government changed its policy of pegging the value of the RMB to the U.S. dollar. Under the new policy, the RMB is permitted to fluctuate within a band against a basket of certain foreign currencies, determined by the Bank of China, against which it can rise or fall by as much as 0.3% each day. This change in policy resulted in an approximately 17.5% appreciation in the value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar between July 21, 2005 and October 28, 2009. Since the adoption of this new policy, the value of RMB against the U.S. dollar has fluctuated on a daily basis within narrow ranges, but overall has further strengthened against the U.S. dollar. There remains significant international pressure on the PRC government to further liberalize its currency policy, which could result in a further and more significant appreciation in the value of the RMB against the U.S. dollar. Appreciation or depreciation in the value of the RMB relative to the U.S. dollar would affect our financial results reported in U.S. dollar terms without giving effect to any underlying change in our business or results of operations. In addition, if we decide to convert our RMB into U.S. dollars for the purpose of making payments for dividends on our common stock or for other business purposes, we believe appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the RMB may have a negative effect on the U.S. dollar amount available to us. Changes in foreign exchange regulations in the PRC may affect our ability to pay dividends in foreign currency or conduct other foreign exchange business. The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of RMB into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of the PRC. We receive substantially all of our revenues in RMB, which is currently not a freely convertible currency. Shortages in the availability of foreign currency may restrict our ability to remit sufficient foreign currency to pay dividends, or otherwise satisfy foreign currency-denominated obligations. Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account items, including profit distributions, interest payments and expenditures from the transaction, can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval from the PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or the SAFE, by complying with certain procedural requirements. However, approval from appropriate governmental authorities is required where RMB is to be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of bank loans denominated in foreign currencies. The PRC government may also at its discretion restrict access in the future to foreign currencies for current account transactions. If the foreign exchange control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currency to satisfy our currency demands, we may not be able to pay certain of our expenses as they come due. Also our revenues denominated in RMB increase or expenses denominated in RMB decrease in the future, we may need to convert a portion of our revenues into other currencies to meet our foreign currency obligations, including, but not limited to, payments of dividends declared, if any, in respect of our common stock. Under the PRC’s existing foreign exchange regulations, we are able to pay dividends in foreign currencies, without prior approval from the State Administration of Foreign Exchange (“SAFE”), by complying with certain procedural requirements. However, we cannot assure you that the Chinese government will not take further measures in the future to restrict access to foreign currencies for transactions. Uncertainties with respect to the PRC legal system could adversely affect us and we may have limited legal recourse under PRC law if disputes arise under our contracts with third parties. Since 1979, we believe PRC legislation and regulations have significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investments in China. However, China has not developed a fully integrated legal system and recently enacted laws and regulations may not sufficiently cover all aspects of economic activities in China. In particular, because these laws and regulations are relatively new, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws and regulations involve uncertainties. In addition, the PRC legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules (some of which are not published on a timely basis or at all) that may have a retroactive effect. As a result, sometimes we may not be aware of our violation of these policies and rules until some time after violation. The Chinese government has enacted some laws and regulations dealing with matters such as corporate organization and governance, foreign investment, commerce, taxation and trade. However, their experience in implementing, interpreting and enforcing these laws and regulations is limited, and our ability to enforce commercial claims or to resolve commercial disputes is unpredictable. The resolution of these matters may be subject to the exercise of considerable discretion by agencies of the Chinese government, and forces unrelated to the legal merits of a particular matter or dispute may influence their determination. Any rights we may have to specific performance, or to seek an injunction under PRC law, in either of these cases, are severely limited, and without a means of recourse by virtue of the Chinese legal system, we may be unable to prevent these situations from occurring. The occurrence of any such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Under the PRC EIT Law, we and/or Tianwei may be classified as a “resident enterprise” of the PRC. Such classification could result in tax consequences to us, our non-PRC resident shareholders and Tianwei. On March 16, 2007, the National People’s Congress approved and promulgated a new tax law, the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, or “EIT Law,” which took effect on January 1, 2008. Under the EIT Law, enterprises are classified as resident enterprises and non-resident enterprises. An enterprise established outside of China with “de facto management bodies” within China is considered a “resident enterprise,” meaning that it can be treated in a manner similar to a Chinese enterprise for enterprise income tax purposes. The implementing rules of the EIT Law define “de facto management bodies” as a managing body that in practice exercises “substantial and overall management and control over the production and operations, personnel, accounting, and properties” of the enterprise; however, it remains unclear whether the PRC tax authorities would deem our managing body as being located within China. Due to the short history of the EIT Law and lack of applicable legal precedents, the PRC tax authorities determine the PRC tax resident treatment of a foreign company on a case-by-case basis. 14 If the PRC tax authorities determine that we and/or Tianwei are a “resident enterprise” for PRC enterprise income tax purposes, a number of PRC tax consequences could follow. First, we and/or Tianwei could be subject to the enterprise income tax at a rate of 25 percent on our and/or Tianwei’s worldwide taxable income, as well as PRC enterprise income tax reporting obligations. Second, under the EIT Law and its implementing rules, dividends paid between “qualified resident enterprises” are exempt from enterprise income tax. As a result, if we and Tianwei are treated as PRC “qualified resident enterprises,” all dividends paid from Shandong to Tianwei and from Tianwei to us would be exempt from PRC tax. Finally, the new “resident enterprise” classification could result in a situation in which a 10% PRC tax is imposed on dividends we pay to our non-PRC stockholders that are not PRC tax “resident enterprises” and gains derived by them from transferring our common stock, if such income is considered PRC-sourced income by the relevant PRC authorities. In such event, we may be required to withhold a 10% PRC tax on any dividends paid to non-PRC resident stockholders. Our non-PRC resident stockholders also may be responsible for paying PRC tax at a rate of 10% on any gain realized from the sale or transfer of our common stock in certain circumstances. We would not, however, have an obligation to withhold PRC tax with respect to such gain. Moreover, the State Administration of Taxation (“SAT”) released Circular Guoshuihan No. 698 (“Circular 698”) on December 15, 2009 that reinforces the taxation of non-listed equity transfers by non-resident enterprises through overseas holding vehicles. Circular 698 addresses indirect share transfers as well as other issues. Circular 698 is retroactively effective from January 1 2008. According to Circular 698, where a foreigner (non-PRC resident) who indirectly holds shares in a PRC resident enterprise through a non-PRC offshore holding company indirectly transfers equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise by selling the shares of the offshore holding company, and the latter is located in a country or jurisdiction where the effective tax burden is less than 12.5 percent or where the offshore income of his, her, or its residents is not taxable, the foreign investor is required to provide the PRC tax authority in charge of that PRC resident enterprise with certain relevant information within 30 days of the transfer. The tax authorities in charge will evaluate the offshore transaction for tax purposes. In the event that the tax authorities determine that such transfer is abusing forms of business organization and a reasonable commercial purpose for the offshore holding company other than the avoidance of PRC income tax liability is lacking, the PRC tax authorities will have the power to re-assess the nature of the equity transfer under the doctrine of substance over form. A reasonable commercial purpose may be established when the overall international (including U.S.) offshore structure is set up to comply with the requirements of supervising authorities of international (including U.S.) capital markets. If the SAT’s challenge of a transfer is successful, it may deny the existence of the offshore holding company that is used for tax planning purposes and subject the seller to PRC tax on the capital gain from such transfer. Since Circular 698 has a short history, there is uncertainty as to its application. We (or a foreign investor) may become at risk of being taxed under Circular 698 and may be required to expend valuable resources to comply with Circular 698 or to establish that we (or such foreign investor) should not be taxed under Circular 698, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations (or such foreign investor’s investment in us). If any such PRC taxes apply, a non-PRC resident stockholder may be entitled to a reduced rate of PRC taxes under an applicable income tax treaty and/or a foreign tax credit against such stockholder’s domestic income tax liability (subject to applicable conditions and limitations). Prospective investors should consult with their own tax advisors regarding the applicability of any such taxes, the effects of any applicable income tax treaties, and any available foreign tax credits. For further information, see the discussion in the section of this prospectus entitled “Material PRC Income Tax Considerations” below. Failure to comply with PRC regulations relating to the establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC residents may materially adversely affect us. In October 2005, the PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, issued the Notice on Relevant Issues in the Foreign Exchange Control over Financing and Return Investment Through Special Purpose Companies by Residents Inside China, generally referred to as Circular 75. The policy announced in this notice required PRC residents to register with the relevant SAFE branch before establishing or acquiring control over an offshore special purpose company, or SPV, for the purpose of engaging in an equity financing outside of China on the strength of domestic PRC assets originally held by those residents. Internal implementing guidelines issued by SAFE, which became public in May 2007 (known as Circular 106), expanded the reach of Circular 75. In the case of an SPV which was established, and which acquired a related domestic company or assets, before the implementation date of Circular 75, a retroactive SAFE registration was required to have been completed before March 31, 2006; this date was subsequently extended indefinitely by Circular 106, which also required that the registrant establish that all foreign exchange transactions undertaken by the SPV and its affiliates were in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Failure to comply with the requirements of Circular 75, as applied by SAFE in accordance with Circular 106, may result in fines and other penalties under PRC laws for evasion of applicable foreign exchange restrictions. Any such failure could also result in the SPV’s affiliates being impeded or prevented from distributing their profits and the proceeds from any reduction in capital, share transfer or liquidation to the SPV, or from engaging in other transfers of funds into or out of China. 15 We have requested our shareholders who are PRC residents to make the necessary applications, filings and amendments as required under Circular 75 and other related rules. We attempt to comply, and attempt to ensure that our shareholders who are subject to these rules comply, with the relevant requirements. However, we cannot provide any assurances that our shareholders who are PRC residents will comply with our request to make or obtain any applicable registrations or comply with other requirements required by Circular 75 or other related rules or that, if challenged by government agencies, the structure of our organization fully complies with all applicable registrations or approvals required by Circular 75. Moreover, because of uncertainty over how Circular 75 will be interpreted and implemented, and how or whether SAFE will apply it to us, we cannot predict how it will affect our business operations or future strategies. A failure by such PRC resident shareholders or future PRC resident shareholders to comply with Circular 75 or other related rules, if SAFE requires it, could subject these PRC resident shareholders to fines or legal sanctions, restrict our overseas or cross-border investment activities, limit our subsidiaries’ ability to make distributions or pay dividends or affect our ownership structure, which could adversely affect our business and prospects. Adverse changes in political and economic policies of the Chinese government could have a material adverse effect on the overall economic growth of China, which could reduce the demand for our products and materially and adversely affect our competitive position. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects are affected significantly by economic, political and legal developments in China. The Chinese economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including: · the amount of government involvement; · the level of development; · the growth rate; · the control of foreign exchange; and · the allocation of resources. While the Chinese economy has grown significantly in the past 20 years, we believe the growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy. The Chinese government has implemented various measures to encourage economic growth and guide the allocation of resources. We believe some of these measures benefit the overall Chinese economy, but may also have a negative effect on us. For example, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by government control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations that are applicable to us. The Chinese economy has been transitioning from a planned economy to a more market-oriented economy. Although in recent years the Chinese government has implemented measures emphasizing the utilization of market forces for economic reform, the reduction of state ownership of productive assets and the establishment of sound corporate governance in business enterprises, a substantial portion of the productive assets in China is still owned by the Chinese government. The Chinese government also exercises significant control over Chinese economic growth through the allocation of resources, controlling payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations, setting monetary policy and providing preferential treatment to particular industries or companies. Contract drafting, interpretation and enforcement in China involve significant uncertainty. We have entered into numerous contracts governed by PRC law, many of which are material to our business. As compared with contracts in the United States, contracts governed by PRC law tend to contain less detail and are not as comprehensive in defining contracting parties’ rights and obligations. As a result, contracts in China are more vulnerable to disputes and legal challenges. In addition, contract interpretation and enforcement in China is not as developed as in the United States, and the result of any contract dispute is subject to significant uncertainties. Therefore, we cannot assure you that we will not be subject to disputes under our material contracts, and if such disputes arise, we cannot assure you that we will prevail. 16 The application of PRC regulations relating to the overseas listing of PRC domestic companies is uncertain, and we may be subject to penalties for failing to request approval of the PRC authorities prior to listing our shares in the U.S. On August 8, 2006, six PRC government agencies, namely, the Ministry of Commerce (“MOFCOM”), the State Administration for Industry and Commerce (”SAIC”), the China Securities Regulatory Commission (“CSRC”), SAFE, the State-Owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, (“SASAC”), and the State Administration for Taxation (“SAT”), jointly issued the Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors (the “ New M&A Rules ”), which became effective on September 8, 2006. The New M&A Rules purport, among other things, to require offshore “special purpose vehicles”, that are (1) formed for the purpose of overseas listing of the equity interests of PRC companies via acquisition and (2) are controlled directly or indirectly by PRC companies and/or PRC individuals, to obtain the approval of the CSRC prior to the listing and trading of their securities on overseas stock exchanges. On September 21, 2006, pursuant to the New M&A Rules and other PRC Laws, the CSRC published on its official website relevant guidance with respect to the listing and trading of PRC domestic enterprises’ securities on overseas stock exchanges (the “Related Clarifications”), including a list of application materials regarding the listing on overseas stock exchanges by special purpose vehicles. We were and are not required to obtain the approval of CSRC under the New M&A Rules in connection with this transaction due to that (i) we were and are not a special purpose vehicle formed or controlled by PRC individuals; and (ii) Conversion of Shandong from a joint venture to a wholly foreign owned enterprise was and is not subject to the New M&A Rules in accordance with the New M&A Rules and Guidance Manual on Administration of Entry of Foreign Investment issued by the Department of Foreign Investment Administration of the MOFCOM in December 2008. However, there are substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation, application and enforcement of these rules, and CSRC has yet to promulgate any written provisions or formally to declare or state whether the overseas listing of a PRC-related company structured similar to ours is subject to the approval of CSRC. Any violation of these rules could result in fines and other penalties on our operations in China, restrictions or limitations on remitting dividends outside of China, and other forms of sanctions that may cause a material and adverse effect to our business, operations and financial conditions. The New M&A Rules also established additional procedures and requirements that are expected to make merger and acquisition activities by foreign investors more time-consuming and complex, including requirements in some instances that the Ministry of Commerce be notified in advance of any change-of-control transaction in which a foreign investor takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise that owns well-known trademarks or China’s traditional brands. We may grow our business in part by acquiring other businesses. Complying with the requirements of the New M&A Rules in completing this type of transaction could be time-consuming, and any required approval processes, including CSRC approval, may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such transactions, which could affect our ability to expand our business or maintain our market share. We may face regulatory uncertainties that could restrict our ability to issue equity compensation to our directors and employees and other parties who are PRC citizens or residents under PRC law. The granting of stock options under our China Shandong Industries, Inc. 2010 Omnibus Securities and Incentive Plan (the “2010 Plan”) will require registration with SAFE. On April 6, 2007, the PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or “SAFE,” issued the “Operating Procedures for Administration of Domestic Individuals Participating in the Employee Stock Ownership Plan or Stock Option Plan of An Overseas Listed Company”, also known as “Circular 78”. It is not clear whether Circular 78 covers all forms of equity compensation plans or only those which provide for the granting of stock options. For any equity compensation plan which is so covered and is adopted by a non-PRC listed company after April 6, 2007, Circular 78 requires all participants who are PRC citizens to register with, and obtain approvals from, SAFE prior to their participation in any such plan. In addition, Circular 78 also requires PRC citizens to register with SAFE and make the necessary applications and filings if they participate in an overseas listed company’s covered equity compensation plan prior to April 6, 2007. As of the date of this filing, although we have not adopted our 2010 Plan, we plan to adopt it and may granted equity compensation, including, but not limited to, stock options, under our 2010 Plan to our PRC employees and/or directors. The granting of any equity compensation under our 2010 Plan to a PRC citizen, however, may under Circular 78 require the PRC citizen to register with and obtain approval by SAFE. We believe that the registration and approval requirements contemplated in Circular 78 will be burdensome and time consuming. If it is determined that our 2010 Plan, or any equity compensation grant under the Plan, is subject to Circular 78, failure to comply with such provisions of Circular 78 may subject us and any recipients thereof to fines and legal sanctions and prevent us from being able to grant equity compensation to our PRC employees and/or directors. In that case, our ability to compensate our employees and directors through equity compensation would be hindered and/or prevented. Capital outflow policies in the PRC may hamper our ability to remit income to the United States. The PRC has adopted currency and capital transfer regulations. These regulations may require that we comply with complex regulations for the movement of capital and as a result we may not be able to remit all income earned and proceeds received in connection with our operations or from the sale of our operating subsidiary to the U.S. or to our stockholders. Our operations and assets in the PRC are subject to significant political and economic uncertainties. Government policies are subject to rapid change and the government of the PRC may adopt policies which have the effect of hindering private economic activity and greater economic decentralization. There is no assurance that the government of the China will not significantly alter its policies from time to time without notice in a manner with reduces or eliminates any benefits from its present policies of economic reform. In addition, a substantial portion of productive assets in China remains government-owned. For instance, all lands are state or rural collective economic organizations owned and leased to business entities or individuals through governmental granting of the land use rights. The granting process is typically based on government policies at the time of granting, which could be lengthy and complex. This process may adversely affect our business. The government of China also exercises significant control over China’s economic growth through the allocation of resources, controlling payment of foreign currency and providing preferential treatment to particular industries or companies. Uncertainties may arise with changing of governmental policies and measures. In addition, changes in laws and regulations, or their interpretation, or the imposition of confiscatory taxation, restrictions on currency conversion, imports and sources of supply, devaluations of currency, the nationalization or other expropriation of private enterprises, as well as adverse changes in the political, economic or social conditions in China, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 17 Because Chinese law governs almost all of our material agreements, we may not be able to enforce our legal rights within China or elsewhere, which could result in a significant loss of business, business opportuniti es, or capital. Chinese law governs almost all of our material agreements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to enforce any of our material agreements or that remedies will be available outside of China. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in China may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our current or future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. It will be extremely difficult to acquire jurisdiction and enforce liabilities against our officers, directors and assets based in China. Substantially all of our assets will be located in the PRC and all of our officers and our present directors reside outside of the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for United States investors to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties of our directors and officers under Federal securities laws. Moreover, we have been advised that China does not have treaties providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments of courts with the United States. Further, it is unclear if extradition treaties now in effect between the United States and China would permit effective enforcement of criminal penalties of the Federal securities laws. Imposition of trade barriers and taxes may reduce our ability to do business internationally, and the resulting loss of revenue could harm our profitability. We may experience barriers to conducting business and trade in our targeted emerging markets in the form of delayed customs clearances, customs duties and tariffs. In addition, we may be subject to repatriation taxes levied upon the exchange of income from local currency into foreign currency, substantial taxes on profits, revenues, assets and payroll, as well as value-added tax. The markets in which we plan to operate may impose onerous and unpredictable duties, tariffs and taxes on our business and products, and there can be no assurance that this will not reduce the level of sales that we achieve in such markets, which would reduce our revenues and profits. Failure to comply with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. We are subject to the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which generally prohibits United States companies from engaging in bribery or other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Foreign companies, including some that may compete with us, are not subject to these prohibitions. Corruption, extortion, bribery, pay-offs, theft and other fraudulent practices occur from time-to-time in the PRC. We can make no assurance, however, that our employees or other agents will not engage in such conduct for which we might be held responsible. If our employees or other agents are found to have engaged in such practices, we could suffer severe penalties and other consequences that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. New labor laws in the PRC may adversely affect our results of operations. On June 29, 2007, the PRC government promulgated a new labor law, namely, the Labor Contract Law of the PRC, or the New Labor Contract Law, which became effective on January 1, 2008. The New Labor Contract Law imposes greater liabilities on employers and significantly affects the cost of an employer’s decision to reduce its workforce. Further, it requires certain terminations be based upon seniority and not merit. In the event we decide to significantly change or decrease our workforce, the New Labor Contract Law could adversely affect our ability to enact such changes in a manner that is most advantageous to our business or in a timely and cost-effective manner, thus materially and adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations. We Face Risks Related To Health Epidemics. Our business could be materially and adversely affected by the effects of H1N1 flu (swine flu), avian flu, severe acute respiratory syndrome or other epidemics or outbreaks. In April 2009, an outbreak of H1N1 flu first occurred in Mexico and quickly spread to other countries, including the U.S. and China. In the last decade, China has suffered health epidemics related to the outbreak of avian influenza and severe acute respiratory syndrome. Any prolonged occurrence or recurrence of H1N1 flu (swine flu), avian flu, severe acute respiratory syndrome or other adverse public health developments in China may have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. These health epidemics could result in severe travel restrictions and closures that would restrict our ability to ship our products. Potential outbreaks could also lead to temporary closure of our manufacturing facilities, our suppliers’ facilities and/or our end-user customers’ facilities, leading to reduced production, delayed or cancelled orders, and decrease in demand for our products. Any future health epidemic or outbreaks that could disrupt our operations and/or restrict our shipping abilities may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 18 Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock Volatility in our common stock price may subject us to securities litigation. Stock markets, in general, have experienced in recent months, and continue to experience, significant price and volume volatility, and the market price of our common stock may continue to be subject to similar market fluctuations unrelated to our operating performance or prospects. This increased volatility, coupled with depressed economic conditions, could continue to have a depressing effect on the market price of our common stock. The following factors, many of which are beyond our control, may influence our stock price: • the status of our growth strategy including the building of our new production line with the net proceeds from the offering; • announcements of technological or competitive developments; • regulatory developments in the PRC affecting us, our customers or our competitors; • announcements regarding patent or other intellectual property litigation or the issuance of patents to us or our competitors or updates with respect to the enforceability of patents or other intellectual property rights generally in the PRC or internationally; • actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly operating results; • changes in financial estimates by securities research analysts; • changes in the economic performance or market valuations of our competitors; • additions or departures of our executive officers; • release or expiration of lock-up or other transfer restrictions on our outstanding common stock; and • sales or perceived sales of additional shares of our common stock. In addition, the securities market has, from time to time, experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are not related to the operating performance of particular companies. Any of these factors could result in large and sudden changes in the volume and trading price of our common stock and could cause our stockholders to incur substantial losses. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, stockholders have often instituted securities class action litigation against that company. If we were involved in a class action suit or other securities litigation, it would divert the attention of our senior management, require us to incur significant expense and, whether or not adversely determined, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If you purchase the common stock sold in this offering, you will experience immediate dilution. If you purchase the common stock sold in this offering, you will experience immediate dilution of $ per share based on an offering price of $ , because the price that you pay for shares of our common stock will be greater than the net tangible book value per share of shares of our common stock. We do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future on shares of our common stock. Presently, we intend to retain all of our earnings, if any, to finance development and expansion of our business. PRC capital and currency regulations may also limit our ability to pay dividends. Consequently, your only opportunity to achieve a positive return on your investment in us will be if the market price of our common stock appreciates. Your ability to bring an action against us or against our directors and officer, or to enforce a judgment against us or them, will be limited because we conduct substantially all of our operations in the PRC and because the majority of our directors and officers reside outside of the United States. We are a Delaware holding company and substantially all of our assets are located outside of the United States. Substantially all of our current operations are conducted in the PRC. In addition, most of our directors and officers are nationals and residents of countries other than the United States. A substantial portion of the assets of these persons are located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for you to effect service of process within the United States upon these persons. It may also be difficult for you to enforce in U.S. courts judgments on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against us and our officers and directors, most of whom are not residents in the United States and the substantial majority of whose assets are located outside of the United States. In addition, there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of the PRC would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts. Our counsel as to PRC law has advised us that the recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments are provided for under the PRC Civil Procedures Law . Courts in the PRC may recognize and enforce foreign judgments in accordance with the requirements of the PRC Civil Procedures Law based on treaties between the PRC and the country where the judgment is made or on reciprocity between jurisdictions. The PRC does not have any treaties or other arrangements that provide for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments with the United States. In addition, according to the PRC Civil Procedures Law , courts in the PRC will not enforce a foreign judgment against us or our directors and officers if they decide that the judgment violates basic principles of PRC law or national sovereignty, security or the public interest. So it is uncertain whether a PRC court would enforce a judgment rendered by a court in the United States. 19 Anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law and some provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could have a material adverse effect on the rights of holders of our common stock. We are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. This provision generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless: • prior to such date, the board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; • upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85.0% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the number of shares outstanding those shares owned by persons who are directors and officers and by employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or • on or subsequent to such date, the business combination is approved by the Board of Directors and authorized at an annual meeting or special meeting of stockholders and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66.7% of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. Section 203 defines a business combination to include: • any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; • any sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition of 10.0% or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested stockholder; • subject to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder; • any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; or • the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation. In general, Section 203 defines an “interested stockholder” as any entity or person beneficially owning 15.0% or more of the outstanding voting stock of a corporation, or an affiliate or associate of the corporation and was the owner of 15.0% or more of the outstanding voting stock of a corporation at any time within three years prior to the time of determination of interested stockholder status; and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by such entity or person. Anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, may make it more difficult to acquire our company or effect a change in control of our company, even if an acquisition or change in control would be in the interest of our stockholders or if an acquisition or change in control would provide our stockholders with a premium for their shares over then current market prices. Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could have the effect of discouraging potential acquisition proposals or tender offers or delaying or preventing a change in control of our company, including changes a stockholder might consider favorable. In particular, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as applicable, among other things, provide that: • our Board of Directors shall have the ability to alter our bylaws without stockholder approval; • an advance notice procedure with regard to the nomination of candidates for election as directors and with regard to business to be brought before a meeting of stockholders; and • vacancies on our Board of Directors may be filled by a majority of directors in office, although less than a quorum. 20 Such provisions may have the effect of discouraging a third party from acquiring our company, even if doing so would be beneficial to its stockholders. These provisions are intended to enhance the likelihood of continuity and stability in the composition of our board of directors and in the policies formulated by them, and to discourage some types of transactions that may involve an actual or threatened change in control of our company. These provisions are designed to reduce our vulnerability to an unsolicited acquisition proposal and to discourage some tactics that may be used in proxy fights. However, these provisions could have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for our shares. These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in our management. One of our directors and officers controls a majority of our common stock and his interests may not align with the interests of our other stockholders. Jinliang Li, our chairman, chief executive officer and president, through CAOPU, a private BVI entity, which Mr. Li controls, before and after the offering, will beneficially own in excess of 50.1% of our issued and outstanding common stock. This significant concentration of share ownership may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock because investors often perceive a disadvantage in owning shares in a company with one or several controlling stockholders. Furthermore, our directors and officers, as a group, have the ability to significantly influence or control the outcome of all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions, such as mergers, consolidations or the sale of substantially all of our assets. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company which could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their shares as part of a sale of our company and might reduce the price of our common stock. In addition, without the consent of Mr. Li or CAOPU Enterprise Limited, we could be prevented from entering into transactions that could be beneficial to us. Mr. Li or CAOPU Enterprise Limited may cause us to take actions that are opposed by other stockholders as his interests may differ from those of other stockholders. Future issuances of capital stock may depress the trading price of our common stock. Any issuance of shares of our common stock (or common stock equivalents) after this offering could dilute the interests of our existing stockholders and could substantially decrease the trading price of our common stock. We may issue additional shares of our common stock in the future for a number of reasons, including to finance our operations and business strategy (including in connection with acquisitions, strategic collaborations or other transactions). Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could depress the market price of our common stock, and impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We cannot predict the effect that future sales of our common stock or other equity-related securities would have on the market price of our common stock. If following the closing of the offering, shares of our common stock remain s subject to the U.S. “ Penny Stock” Rules , investors who purchase our common stock in the offering may have difficulty re-selling their shares of our common stock as the liquidity of the market for our shares may be adversely affected by the impact of the “ Penny Stock” Rules. Although we anticipate that following this offering, shares of our common stock will trade on the NASDAQ Capital Market, in the event that shares of our common stock do not become listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market, it may be more difficult for investors in the offering to sell the shares of our common stock. A "penny stock" is generally defined by regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") as an equity security with a market price of less than US$5.00 per share. However, an equity security with a market price under US$5.00 will not be considered a penny stock if it fits within any of the following exceptions: (i) the equity security is listed on a national securities exchange; (ii) the issuer of the equity security has been in continuous operation for less than three years, and either has (a) net tangible assets of at least US$5,000,000, or (b) average annual revenue of at least US$6,000,000; or (iii) the issuer of the equity security has been in continuous operation for more than three years, and has net tangible assets of at least US$2,000,000. Our common stock does not currently fit into any of the above exceptions. If an investor buys or sells a penny stock, SEC regulations require that the investor receive, prior to the transaction, a disclosure explaining the penny stock market and associated risks. Furthermore, trading in our common stock is currently subject to Rule 15g-9 of the Exchange Act, which relates to non-NASDAQ and non-exchange listed securities. Under this rule, broker/dealers who recommend our securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors must make a special written suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written agreement to a transaction prior to sale. 21 The low price of our common stock has a negative effect on the amount and percentage of transaction costs paid by individual shareholders. The low price of our common stock also limits our ability to raise additional capital by issuing additional shares. There are several reasons for these effects. First, the internal policies of certain institutional investors prohibit the purchase of low-priced stocks. Second, many brokerage houses do not permit low-priced stocks to be used as collateral for margin accounts or to be purchased on margin. Third, some brokerage house policies and practices tend to discourage individual brokers from dealing in low-priced stocks. Finally, broker's commissions on low-priced stocks usually represent a higher percentage of the stock price than commissions on higher priced stocks. As a result, our shareholders may pay transaction costs that are a higher percentage of their total share value than if our share price were substantially higher. As an issuer of “ penny stock” the protection provided by the federal securities laws relating to a forward-looking statement does not apply to us and as a result we could be subject to legal action. Although federal securities laws provide a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by a public company that files reports under the federal securities laws, this safe harbor is not available to issuers of penny stocks. As a result, if we are a penny stock, we will not have the benefit of this safe harbor protection in the event of any legal action based upon a claim that the material provided by us contained a material misstatement of fact or was misleading in any material respect because of our failure to include any statements necessary to make the statements not misleading. Such an action could hurt our financial condition. The issuance of any of our equity securities pursuant to our 2010 Plan or any other equity compensation plans we intend to adopt may dilute the value of existing stockholders and may affect the market price of our stock. In the future, we may issue to our officers, directors, employees and/or other persons equity based compensation under our 2010 Plan and/or any other equity based compensation plan we intend to adopt to provide motivation and compensation to our officers, employees and key independent consultants. The award of any such incentives could result in an immediate and potentially substantial dilution to our existing stockholders and could result in a decline in the value of our stock price. The exercise of these options and the sale of the underlying shares of common stock and the sale of stock issued pursuant to stock grants may have an adverse effect upon the price of our stock. If we fail to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 our business could be harmed and our stock price could decline Rules adopted by the SEC pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 require annual assessment of our internal control over financial reporting, and attestation of this assessment by our company's independent registered public accountants. The SEC extended the date to comply with the attestation requirements for non-accelerated filers, as defined by the SEC. Accordingly, we are subject to the rules requiring an annual assessment of our internal controls and the requirement to provide an attestation of management's assessment by our independent registered public accountants will first apply to our annual report for the 2010 fiscal year. The standards that must be met for management to assess the internal control over financial reporting as effective are complex, and require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation to meet the detailed standards. The attestation process by our independent registered public accountants is new and we may encounter problems or delays in completing the implementation of any requested improvements and receiving an attestation of our assessment by our independent registered public accountants. If we cannot assess our internal control over financial reporting as effective, or our independent registered public accountants are unable to provide an unqualified attestation report on such assessment, investor confidence and share value may be negatively impacted. 22 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS The prospectus contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as "may", "expect", "plans", "intends", "anticipate", "believe", "estimate" and "continue" or similar words. You should read statements that contain these words carefully because they discuss our future expectations contain projections of our future results of operations or of our financial condition or state other "forward-looking" information. These statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this prospectus and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise after the date of this prospectus. The forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus are excluded from the safe harbor protection provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. We believe that it is important to communicate our future expectations to our investors. However, there may be events in the future that we are not able to accurately predict or control. The factors listed above in the section captioned "Risk Factors", as well as any cautionary language in this prospectus, provide examples of risks, uncertainties and events that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations described in our forward-looking statements. Before you invest in our securities, you should be aware that the occurrence of the events described as risk factors and elsewhere in this prospectus could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. USE OF PROCEEDS We estimate that the net proceeds from the sale of common stock we are offering pursuant to this prospectus will be approximately $ million after deducting the underwriting discount and our expenses of the offering, and assuming a public offering price of $ per share. If the over-allotment option is exercised in full, we estimate that our net proceeds will be approximately $ . We intend to use the net proceeds from this offering to fund a substantial portion of one of our two proposed new furniture production lines. This first new product line will manufacture a higher end line of furniture than we have historically produced. We estimate that such production line we will cost us approximately $20 million. Of this amount, approximately (i) $5.3 million will be used to construct a 30,000 square meter production line, and (ii) $6.7 million will be used to purchase new equipment to be used in the production line. We intend to fund the balance of the costs of this first production line out of working capital, and/or retained earnings. The expected use of net proceeds of this offering represents our intentions based on our current plans and business conditions. The amount and timing of our actual expenditures will depend on numerous factors, including increases in construction costs and expenses or unforeseen delays in construction of our new production line and any unforeseen cash needs. As a result, we will retain broad discretion in the allocation and use of the net proceeds of this offering. We have no current plans, agreements or commitments for any material acquisitions or licenses of any technologies, products or businesses. DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE The public offering price of the shares offered by this prospectus, and the aggregate amount to be raised through this offering of our shares, will be determined by our board of directors with advice from our underwriter and will be based on a discount to the closing market price of the stock immediately prior to the closing date of this offering prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part.” DIVIDEND POLICY We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, Delaware and PRC laws, and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. 23 CAPITALIZATION The following table sets forth our cash and our capitalization as of December 31, 2009 on an actual basis and on a pro forma basis to reflect our sale of shares of common stock in this offering, at an assumed initial public offering price of $ per share (the closing price of one share of our common stock on , 2010), after deducting the estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. The pro forma information below is illustrative only and our capitalization following the completion of this offering may be different based on the actual initial public offering price and other terms of this offering determined at pricing. You should read this table together with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our audited financial statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. At December 31, 2009 (1) Actual (Unaudited) Pro Forma Stockholders’ Equity: Preferred Stock, $.0001 par value, 5,000,000 shares authorized; -0- shares issued and outstanding $ — $ — Common Stock, $.0001 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized; 25,725,000 shares issued and to be issued and outstanding after offering $ 2,573 Additional paid-in capital $ 7,797,427 Statutory and discretionary surplus reserve $ 3,608,243 Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) $ (25,022 ) Retained earnings $ 21,354,768 Total Stockholders Equity $ 32,737,768 (1) Total Capitalization $ (1) The above financial and share and per share numbers, unless expressly provided to the contrary, excludes all effects from any exercise of the (i) underwriters’ warrant, and (ii) the underwriters’ over allotment option. 24 MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDENDS OF COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Market Information Our common stock is traded over-the-counter on the OTCBB under the symbol “CSNH”. We intend to apply for listing of our common stock on the NASDAQ Capital Market. Our common stock commenced trading on the OTCBB in January 2009. Since such date, there has been extremely limited trading in our common stock. The following table sets forth the high and low bid prices, on the OTCBB, as reported and summarized by the OTCBB, for each fiscal quarter during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 and for the first quarter of 2010. As of April 19, 2010, the last reported sale price of our common stock was $3.10 per share. Quarter Ended High Low 2010: First Quarter $ $2.2 $ $0.07 2009: First Quarter $ 0.6 $ 0.56 Second Quarter 0.56 0.56 Third Quarter 1.06 0.56 Fourth Quarter 1.05 1.01 Holders As of April 19, 2010, there were 29 shareholders of record of our common stock. This does not reflect the number of persons or entities who hold stock in nominee or “street” name through various brokerage firms. Equity Compensation Plan Information We intend to adopt the China Shandong Industries, Inc. 2010 Omnibus Securities and Incentive Plan (the “ 2010 Plan ”). Our 2010 Plan will include: Distribution Equivalent Rights, Options, Performance Share Awards, Performance Unit Awards, Restricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Unit Awards, Stock Appreciation Rights, Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights, Unrestricted Stock Awards or any combination of the foregoing. We intend to reserve in the aggregate shares of our common stock (which will be increased proportionally if the underwriter’s over-allotted option is exercised) for issuance under our 2010 Plan (10% of the aggregate number of shares of our common stock which are issued and outstanding). Immediately following this offering, such amount may be increased to a number not to exceed 10% of our issued and outstanding common stock on an annual basis. 25 EXCHANGE RATE INFORMATION Our business is primarily conducted in China and all of our revenues are denominated in RMB. Capital accounts of our consolidated financial statements are translated into United States dollars from RMB at their historical exchange rates when the capital transactions occurred. Assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rates as of the balance sheet date. Income and expenditures are translated at the average exchange rate of the period. RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currency and all foreign exchange transactions must take place through authorized institutions. No representation is made that the RMB amounts could have been, or could be, converted into United States dollars at the rates used in translation. The following table sets forth information concerning exchange rates between the RMB and the United States dollar for the periods indicated. Year Ended December 31, Year End Yearly Average 2007 7.2946 7.5806 2008 6.8225 6.9193 2009 6.8282 6.8314 2010 January to April 15, 2010 6.8261 6.8267 (1) For periods prior to January 1, 2008, the exchange rates reflect the noon buying rates as reported by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. For periods after January 1, 2008, the exchange rates reflect the exchange rates as set forth on the website of The People’s Bank of China. (2) Annual averages are calculated from month-end rates. Monthly averages are calculated using the average of the daily rates during the relevant period. 26 DILUTION If you invest in our shares of common stock, your investment will be diluted immediately to the extent of the difference between the public offering price per share of common stock that you will pay in this offering, and the net tangible book value per share of common stock immediately after this offering. Our net tangible book value as of December 31, 2009 was approximately $33,025,130, or $1.28 per share of common stock. Net tangible book value per share is determined by dividing tangible stockholders’ equity, which is total tangible assets less total liabilities, by the aggregate number of shares of common stock outstanding. Tangible assets represent total assets excluding goodwill and other intangible assets. Dilution in net tangible book value per share represents the difference between the amount per share of common stock issued in this offering and the net tangible book value per share of our common stock immediately afterwards. Assuming the sale by us of shares of common stock at a public offering price of $ per share after deducting the underwriting discount and commissions and estimated offering expenses, our as adjusted net tangible book value as of December 31, 2009 would have been approximately $ million, or $ per share common stock. This represents an immediate increase in net tangible book value of $ per share to our existing shareholders and an immediate dilution of $ per share to the new investors purchasing shares of common stock in this offering. The following table illustrates this per share dilution: Public offering price (1) $ Net tangible book value before this offering $ 32,737,989 Increase attributable to new investors $ Pro forma net tangible book value after this offering (2) $ Dilution to new investors $ (1) Before deduction of underwriters’ discounts and commissions, corporate finance fee and other estimated offering expenses. (2) After deduction of underwriters’ discounts and commissions, corporate finance fee and other estimated offering expenses. The pro forma net tangible book value after the offering is calculated as follows: Numerator: Net tangible book value before this offering $ 32,737,989 Net proceeds from this offering (1) $ Offering costs paid in advance and excluded from net tangible book value before this offering $ $ Denominator: Shares of common stock outstanding prior to this offering 25,725,000 Shares of common stock included in the offering Total (1) Net of underwriters’ discounts and commissions, corporate finance fee and other estimated offering expenses. 27 SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OPERATING DATA The following selected consolidated financial information should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included as part of this prospectus as well as and the information contained in the section of this prospectus captioned “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” The selected consolidated statement of income data for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 and the consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 have been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus. The results of operations for past accounting periods are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any future periods. Income Statement Data: For the year ended December 31, 2009 For the year ended December 31, 2008 Revenues $ 59,549,572 $ 42,197,393 Cost of Sales $ (42,186,937 ) $ (31,570,829 ) Gross profit $ 17,362,635 $ 10,626,565 Operating expenses $ 2,797,647 $ 2,553,694 Income from operations $ 14,564,988 $ 8,072,871 Other expense $ (1,161,580 ) $ (356,959 ) Income from operations before income taxes $ 13,403,408 $ 7,715,912 Income taxes $ (3,415,978 ) $ (1,953,918 ) Net income $ 9,987,430 $ 5,761,994 Foreign currency translation adjustment $ (241,552 ) $ 746,119 Comprehensive Income $ 9,745,878 $ 6,508,112 Balance Sheet Data: As of December 31, 2009 As of December 31, 2008 Cash $ 2,185,839 $ 1,751,997 Total current assets $ 28,100,198 $ 25,557,649 Fixed assets $ 7,423,934 $ 7,921,096 Other assets $ 6,940,632 $ 6,372 Total Assets $ 42,464,764 $ 33,485,117 Current liabilities $ 9,726,775 $ 10,493,036 Long term liabilities $ -0- $ -0- Stockholders’ equity $ 32,737,989 $ 22,992,081 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 42,464,764 $ 33,485,117 28 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS You should read the following discussion together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on our current expectations, estimates and projections about our business and operations. Our actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated and expressed in such forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those which we discuss under “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this prospectus. General We are engaged in the business of manufacturing and marketing wood furniture, straw and wicker products, and wood handicraft products. Our wood furniture products include items such as coffee tables, cabinets, bed frames, stools. Our straw and wicker products include items such as wicker baskets, bottle holders and planters. Our wood handicraft products include items such as decorative boxes, wood baskets and various storage cabinets. We produce over 20,000 different products which are sold in more than thirty countries and places, including the PRC, United States, Germany, England, Holland, Italy, Sweden, Japan, Canada, Denmark, Hong Kong, and Taiwan. Our products are sold through well known retailers such as Trade Point A/S Direct Container, Zara-Home, Habitat UK Ltd., ABM Group Inc., and Fuji Boeki Co. Ltd. We believe that our products offer competitive prices and high quality. Our operations are conducted in the PRC through our subsidiary, Shandong Caopu Arts & Crafts Co., Ltd. For the 2009 fiscal year, we generated sales and net income of approximately $59.5 million, and $10.0 million respectively, and for the 2008 fiscal year we generated sales and net income of approximately $42.2 million and $5.7 million, respectively. For fiscal year 2009, sales of our wood furniture products, straw-wicker products and handicraft products accounted for $30 million, $29 million and $1 million, respectively, and for fiscal 2008, $21 million, $22 million and $1 million respectively. Our straw and wicker products as well as our wood handicraft products are high margin products as such products generally are manufactured by local persons in their homes, the raw material costs are low and the production of such products does not require advanced technology. Based upon our perceived and historical growing demand for our wood furniture product and the changing demographics of the wood furniture industry, we believe we have a unique opportunity to substantially increase our revenues, net income and gross margins by not only expanding the manufacturing capacity of our existing wood furniture business but also producing different types of wood furniture products that we believe there is a large and increasing international demand for. As a result, while we intend to continue manufacturing and sell our straw, wicker and handicraft products, we intend to devote substantial financial and other resources on our wood furniture products by not only producing new products but also increasing our current manufacturing capacity by renovating and upgrading our current production facilities. Important Factors Affecting our Results of Operations We believe significant factors that could affect our operating results are the (i) cost of raw materials, (ii) prices of our products to our international retailers and wholesalers and their markup to the end users, (iii) consumer acceptance of our new wood furniture line, and (iv) general economic conditions in China and global markets. Results of Operations The following tables set forth key components of our results of operations for the periods indicated, in dollars and as a percentage of revenue. 29 (All amounts in U.S. dollars, except for the percentages) Statements of Operations For the year ended December 31, 2009 For the year ended December 31, 2008 USD % of Revenue USD % of Revenue Revenues $ 59,549,572 - % $ 42,197,393 - % Cost of Sales $ (42,186,937 ) 71 % $ (31,570,829 ) 75 % Gross profit $ 17,362,635 29 % $ 10,626,565 25 % Operating expenses $ 2,797,647 4 % $ 2,553,694 6 % Income from operations $ 14,564,988 25 % $ 8,072,871 19 % Other expense $ (1,161,581 ) 2 % $ (356,959 ) 1 % Net income before income taxes $ 13,403,408 23 % $ 7,715,912 18 % Net income $ 9,987,430 17 % $ 5,761,994 14 % Comparison of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 and fiscal year ended December 31, 2008 Revenues Our revenues consist of the sale price our products are sold at less returns and allowances. As we do not currently have our own sales force, we sell our products directly to non-related retailers and wholesalers (such as IKEA Group) who then sell such products to the ultimate end users. To date, returns and allowances have been virtually non-existent and as such have had no material effect on our revenues. Revenue for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 was approximately $60 million, increasing by approximately $18 million, or 41%, from approximately $42 million for the comparable period in 2008. During 2009, our main products, straw-wicker, wood furniture and handicraft products, generated sales of approximately $29 million, $30 million, and $1million, respectively, approximately 48%, 50% and 2% of our total revenues during the 2009 fiscal year. Sales of our straw-wicker, wood furniture and handicraft products contributed $22 million, $21million and $1 million, respectively, in the revenues of 2008, approximately 50%, 48%, and 2%, respectively, of our total revenues in such period. The increase in our revenues in 2009 compared to 2008 was primarily attributable to our selling products to additional customers, which we believe resulted from the high quality of our products and stable product supply, as well as increased purchases of our products by our existing clients due to improvement in quality and design of our existing products based upon our clients’ demands and suggestions. We also believe the increase in our revenues during 2009 is a result of the increase in consumer spending as a whole due to the recovery of global economic conditions. Cost of Goods Sold Our cost of goods sold consists of salaries for employees involved in the production of our products, the cost of raw materials and an allocation of our manufacturing facilities overhead used to manufacture our products. Cost of goods sold for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 was approximately $42 million, an increase of approximately $10 million, or approximately 34%, from approximately $32 million for the comparable period in 2008. Such increase was due to the increase of our sales and a decrease of the price of the main raw material used by us in making our wood products called Poplar which dropped approximately 26% from RMB 1,150/cubic meter to RMB850/cubic meter during 2009. Gross profit Our gross profit is obtained based upon our total revenues minus our cost of goods sold for a particular period. Gross profit for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 was approximately $17.4 million, an increase of approximately $7 million or 63% compared to approximately $10.6 million for the comparable period in 2008. This was primarily attributable to increased revenues and decreased costs that the price of the main raw material, Poplar as mention above. Selling and marketing expenses Generally, our selling and marketing expenses consist of the local transportation costs of delivering our products to ports in Qingdao City, Shandong Province, from which our products are then shipped to the retailers and wholesalers who purchase our products internationally. Substantially all the costs of shipping our products internationally to such retailers and wholesalers are borne by the retailers and wholesalers. Our selling and marketing costs also include costs incurred by us to market and show our products internationally at trade shows and similar industry exhibitions. Such costs include the costs to set up exhibition booths for our products, transportation costs to bring our products and representatives to the trade shows and exhibitions, and similar related costs and expenses. Our selling and marketing expenses for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 was approximately $0.83 million, an increase of approximately $0.14 million or 21% compared to approximately $0.69 for the comparable period in 2008. Such increase resulted from transportation fee, port incidental charges and trade inspection fee, which increased along with the revenue. 30 General and administrative expenses Our general and administrative expenses are principally comprised of 3 items including salaries of our employees not involved in the actual manufacturing of our products, such as our executive officers and internal accounting and book keeping personnel; depreciation of our fixed assets such as our manufacturing facilities, offices and warehouses as well as certain expenses such as land use rights granted to us by PRC government agencies; and insurance payments paid by us to the PRC government to cover such items as disability, retirement and medical benefits for our employees. Our general and administrative expenses for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 were approximately $1.97 million, an increase of approximately $0.1 million or 5% compared to approximately $1.87 million for the comparable period in 2008. Such increase in expenses resulted from an increase in legal, professional and audit fees attributable to becoming a publicly traded company in the United States of America. We expect our general and administrative expenses to increase in 2010 and thereon as a result of the increase in professional fees in connection with being a publicly reporting company in the United States of America. Our research and development expenditures, which were included in general and administrative expenses, totaled approximately $0.5 million in 2009, an increase of approximately $0.1 million, or 25% as compared to approximately $ 0.4 million in 2008. The increase was due to our growing investment in research and development of new products, including our proposed new furniture line. We expect our research and development expenditures to increase as we attempt to diversify our product lines in the future. Interest expense Interest expense for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 was $753,093, an increase of $1,227 or 0.2% compared to $751,865 for the comparable period in 2008. Although total amount of debt decreased from 2008 to 2009, two particular notes payable to local banks in 2008 that carried low interest rates were paid off in 2009. In addition, short-term borrowings in 2009, that carried higher interest rates, increased in 2009 compared to 2008. Other Income Other income for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 was $202,851, a decrease of $164,248 or 45% compared to $367,099 for the comparable period in 2008. The decrease is attributable to the subsidy income earned from the government’s tax incentive fund during 2009 was less than that during 2008. Income Tax Expense Income tax expense for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 was approximately $3.42 million and approximately $1.95 million, respectively, an increase of approximately $1.46 million or 74.8% for fiscal year 2009 compared to fiscal year 2008, which was primarily attributable to the increase in our taxable profits in 2009. The income taxes are based on a statutory 25% effective tax rate in both years. N et income Net income for fiscal 2009 was approximately $10.0 million, an increase of $4.24 million, or 73.6% as compared to $5.76 million in 2008. Net income as a percentage of our sales revenues increased 3.1% in 2009 from 13.7% in fiscal 2008. The increase was primarily attributable to the increase in sales during 2009. Liquidity and Capital Resources The following table sets forth a summary of our net cash flow information for the periods indicated: (All amounts in U.S. dollars) Years Ended December 31, 2009* 2008* (Consolidated, audited) (Consolidated, audited) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities $ 9,066,819 $ (940,455 ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities $ (8,053,319 ) $ (899,781 ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities $ (523,508 ) $ 2,858,907 Net cash inflow $ 433,843 $ 1,175,421 31 * The above financial data have been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008. Operating Activities Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Net cash provided by operating activities was approximately $9 million for the year ended December 31, 2009, compared to net cash of approximately $1 million used in operations for the year ended December 31, 2008, an increase of approximately $8 million, which was due to the increase in net income as a result of increased new customer base. In addition, we shortened our customers’ credit limits to increase the turnover of trade accounts receivable, inventories and other receivables. We are subject to the regulations of the PRC which restricts the transfer of cash from China, except under certain specific circumstances. Accordingly, such funds may not be readily available to us to satisfy future obligations which may be incurred outside the PRC, if applicable. Investing Activities Cash used in investing activities mainly consists of capital expenditures, expenditures for property, plant, and equipment, and additions to construction in progress. Net cash used in investing activities was approximately $8 million for the year ended December 31, 2009, an increase in cash outflow of approximately $7.1 million during 2009 from approximately $0.9 million for the comparable period in 2008, which was primarily attributable to the expansion and improvement of our current facilities, including construction in progress, in order to fulfill the demand of increasing orders. We incurred $1,121,964 in expenditures for property, plant and equipment in 2009 compared to $1,094,614 in such expenditures in 2008, increasing by $27,350 in 2009. We also had $6,931,355 incurred in construction in progress in 2009 compared to the decrease by $125,685 in such expenditures in 2008. In 2008, we paid dividends of $224,755 to our shareholders and disposed property, plant and equipment that generated proceeds of $293,904. We had no such activities in 2009. Our ability to pay dividends may be restricted due to the foreign exchange control policies and availability of cash balance of our Chinese operating subsidiary. A majority of our revenue being earned and currency received are denominated in RMB, which is subject to the exchange control regulation in China, and, as a result, we may unable to distribute any dividends outside of China due to PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our ability to convert RMB into US Dollars. Accordingly, our subsidiaries’ funds may not be readily available to us to satisfy obligations which have been incurred outside the PRC, which could adversely affect our business and prospects or our ability to meet our cash obligations. Financing Activities Net cash (used) in financing activities was approximately ($0.5) million for the year ended December 31, 2009, compared to net cash provided by financial activities of approximately $2.9 million for the same period in 2008. The difference was primarily attributable to the repayment of approximately $2.6 million in notes payables to banks in 2009 compared to approximately $4.9 million in 2008. We had proceeds of short-term borrowings of approximately $5.8 million in 2009 compared to approximately $1.8 million in 2008. In 2008, we had proceeds from borrowing on notes payable of approximately $6.4 million and principal repayments to short term borrowings of $360,969. In 2009, we had $3.7 million in repayments of short-term borrowings. We had no borrowings of notes payable in 2009; rather we only had proceeds from short-term borrowings, a different classification between the two but essentially similar in nature. Based upon our present plans, we believe that cash on hand, cash flow from operations and funds available to us through financing will be sufficient to fund our capital needs for at least the next 12 months. We expect that our primary sources of funding for our operations for the upcoming 12 months and thereafter will result from our cash flow from operations to fund our operations during the upcoming 12 months and thereafter, in addition to the proposed equity financing. However, our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity depends partially on our ability to achieve anticipated levels of revenue, while continuing to control costs. If we did not have sufficient available cash, we would have to seek additional debt or equity financing through other external sources, which may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Failure to maintain financing arrangements on acceptable terms would have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations and financial condition. Loan Facilities We believe that we currently maintain a good business relationship with our bank loans. As of December 31, 2009, our outstanding bank loans that were classified as short term borrowings on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet were as follows: 32 (All Amounts in U.S. Dollars) Name Amount Expiration Date Bank of China, Cao County Branch $ 219,677 11/17/2010 Bank of China, Cao County Branch $ 585,805 1/17/2010 Bank of China, Cao County Branch $ 234,321 4/15/2010 Bank of China, Cao County Branch $ 512,580 10/21/2010 Bank of China, Cao County Branch $ 439,351 9/21/2010 Bank of China, Cao County Branch $ 351,484 4/21/2010 Bank of China, Cao County Branch $ 439,351 1/22/2010 Bank of China, Cao County Branch $ 292,903 2/17/2010 Bank of China, Cao County Branch $ 439,351 3/05/2010 Laishang Bank (AKA Commercial Bank (Heze Branch) $ 1,171,612 7/20/2010 Laishang Bank (AKA Commercial Bank (Heze Branch) $ 439,351 12/07/2010 Laishang Bank (AKA Commercial Bank (Heze Branch) $ 2,196,772 4/29/2010 Laishang Bank (AKA Commercial Bank (Heze Branch) $ 732,257 8/31/2010 Total $ 8,054,831 We anticipate rollovers of all current facilities coming due in the 2010 fiscal year and do not foresee a squeeze on the availability of credit to fund our operations and meet our growth objectives. Capital Expenditures We believe that substantially all of our capital expenditures going forward will be related to our furniture business as we diversify our product base, build component manufacturing facilities and renovate our existing manufacturing facilities. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and cash flows from operations, proceeds from this offering, and our credit lines will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs over the next 12 months, including, but not limited to, building our 1 st new production line to build our proposed higher end furniture line. We will, however, require substantial additional cash resources to implement the balance of our growth strategy discussed elsewhere, including any acquisitions we may decide to pursue. We intend to use these net proceeds of this offering to construct 1 of our 2 new proposed production facilities. This first new production facility will produce higher grade furniture. The total cost of such production is approximately $20 million, including but not limited to (i) $5.3 million to build a 30,000 square meter work shop, and (ii) $6.7 million to purchase the necessary equipment for the production line. Any additional funds required will be taken from our working capital. We regularly review our cash funding requirements and attempt to meet those requirements through a combination of cash on hand, cash provided by operations and private financing. We do not use derivative financial instruments in our investment portfolio and have no foreign exchange contracts. Our financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts receivable and accounts payable. We consider investments in highly-liquid instruments purchased with a remaining maturity of 90 days or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Critical Accounting Policies We prepare financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our combined and consolidated financial statements and related notes. We periodically evaluate these estimates and assumptions based on the most recently available information, our own historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Since the use of estimates is an integral component of the financial reporting process, actual results could differ from those estimates. Some of our accounting policies require higher degrees of judgment than others in their application. We believe the following accounting policies involve the most significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. Revenue recognition Our revenue represents the invoiced value of goods sold recognized upon the delivery of goods to customers, after allowances for returns and discounts and the value of services rendered. Revenue is recognized when the following four criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the selling price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. 33 Accounts Receivable Most of our sales were conducted on pre-payment or COD basis. However, during the normal course of business, we extend to some of our customers interest-free, unsecured credit for a term of 90 days depending on a customer’s credit history, as well as local market practices. We reviewed our accounts receivables quarterly and determined the amount of allowances, if any, necessary for doubtful accounts. Historically, we have not had any material bad debt write-offs and, however, we provide an arbitrary reserve amount for possible bad debts based upon 5% of the accounts receivable balances per year. Rather, we review our accounts receivable balances to determine whether specific reserves are required due to such issues as disputed balances with distributors, declines in distributors’ credit worthiness, or unpaid balances exceeding agreed-upon terms. Based upon the results of these reviews, we determine whether a specific provision should be made to provide a reserve for possible bad debt write-offs. We determined that no additional bad debt write offs were necessary or required in 2009 or 2008. As of December 31, 2009 and 2008, we had outstanding gross accounts receivables totaling approximately $7.3 million and approximately $6.7 million, respectively, and allowance for bad debts of $370,582 and $333,656, respectively. We believe that these outstanding amounts will be collected pursuant to the terms, conditions, and within the time frames agreed upon between our customers. During the reported periods, we did not experience any material problems relating to distributor payments and had no specific additional bad debt write-offs. In terms of our liquidity, we reflect the extended interest-free unsecured credit in our cash flows for the reported periods. Therefore, we anticipate no changes from past cash flow patterns. Inventories We state inventories, consisting of work in process, raw materials and packaging materials, at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined on a first in first out basis which includes an appropriate share of production overheads based on normal operating capacity and includes all expenditures incurred in bringing the goods to the point of sale and putting them in a saleable condition. Work in progress includes direct materials, direct production cost and an allocated portion of production overhead. Our accounting for inventory is described in Note 2 to our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for December 31, 2009 included elsewhere in this annual report. We evaluate inventory periodically for possible obsolescence of our raw materials to determine if a provision for obsolescence is necessary. Our estimates for determining the provision for obsolescence may be affected by technological changes and developments to our product offerings and changes in governmental regulations. As of December 31, 2009 and 2008, we had inventory balance of approximately $17.5 million and $17.3 million, respectively. Recently Issued Accounting Standards FASB Accounting Standards Codification (Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2009-01) In June 2009, FASB approved the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (“the Codification”) as the single source of authoritative nongovernmental GAAP. All existing accounting standard documents, such as FASB, American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, Emerging Issues Task Force and other related literature, excluding guidance from the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), have been superseded by the Codification. All other non-grandfathered, non-SEC accounting literature not included in the Codification has become nonauthoritative. The Codification did not change GAAP, but instead introduced a new structure that combines all authoritative standards into a comprehensive, topically organized online database. The Codification is effective for interim or annual periods ending after September 15, 2009, and impacts the Company’s financial statements as all future references to authoritative accounting literature will be referenced in accordance with the Codification. There have been no changes to the content of our consolidated financial statements or disclosures as a result of implementing the Codification during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009. As a result of our implementation of the Codification during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009, previous references to new accounting standards and literature are no longer applicable. In the current annual financial statements, we will provide reference to both new and old guidance to assist in understanding the impacts of recently adopted accounting literature, particularly for guidance adopted since the beginning of the current fiscal year but prior to the Codification. 34 S ubsequent Events (Included in Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 855 “Subsequent Events”, previously SFAS No. 165 “Subsequent Events”) SFAS No. 165 established general standards of accounting for and disclosure of events that occur after the balance sheet date, but before the financial statements are issued or available to be issued (“subsequent events”). An entity is required to disclose the date through which subsequent events have been evaluated and the basis for that date. For public entities, this is the date the financial statements are issued. SFAS No. 165 does not apply to subsequent events or transactions that are within the scope of other GAAP and did not result in significant changes in the subsequent events reported by us. SFAS No. 165 became effective for interim or annual periods ending after June 15, 2009 and did not impact our consolidated financial statements. We evaluated for subsequent events through the issuance date of our consolidated financial statements. No recognized or non-recognized subsequent events were noted. Determination of the Useful Life of Intangible Assets (Included in ASC 350 “Intangibles — Goodwill and Other”, previously FSP SFAS No. 142-3 “Determination of the Useful Lives of Intangible Assets”) FSP SFAS No. 142-3 amended the factors that should be considered in developing renewal or extension assumptions used to determine the useful life of a recognized intangible asset under previously issued goodwill and intangible assets topics. This change was intended to improve the consistency between the useful life of a recognized intangible asset and the period of expected cash flows used to measure the fair value of the asset under topics related to business combinations and other GAAP. The requirement for determining useful lives must be applied prospectively to intangible assets acquired after the effective date and the disclosure requirements must be applied prospectively to all intangible assets recognized as of, and subsequent to, the effective date. FSP SFAS No. 142-3 became effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2008, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The adoption of FSP SFAS No. 142-3 did not impact our consolidated financial statements. Noncontrolling Interests (Included in ASC 810 “Consolidation”, previously SFAS No. 160 “Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements an amendment of ARB No. 51”) SFAS No. 160 changed the accounting and reporting for minority interests such that they will be recharacterized as noncontrolling interests and classified as a component of equity. SFAS No. 160 became effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2008 with early application prohibited. We implemented SFAS No. 160 at the start of fiscal 2009 and no longer record an intangible asset when the purchase price of a noncontrolling interest exceeds the book value at the time of buyout. The adoption of SFAS No. 160 did not have any other material impact on our consolidated financial statements. Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities — Amended (To be included in ASC 810 “Consolidation”, SFAS No. 167 “Amendments to FASB Interpretation No. 46(R)”) SFAS No. 167 amends FASB Interpretation No. 46(R) “Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities regarding certain guidance for determining whether an entity is a variable interest entity and modifies the methods allowed for determining the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity. The amendments include: (1) the elimination of the exemption for qualifying special purpose entities, (2) a new approach for determining who should consolidate a variable-interest entity, and (3) changes to when it is necessary to reassess who should consolidate a variable-interest entity. SFAS No. 167 is effective for the first annual reporting period beginning after November 15, 2009, with earlier adoption prohibited. We will adopt SFAS No. 167 in fiscal 2010 and do not anticipate any material impact on our consolidated financial statements. Seasonality Our operating results and cash flows historically have not been subject to seasonal variations. Although we do not currently anticipate any changes, this pattern may change, however, as a result of new market opportunities or new product introductions. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have not entered into, nor do we expect to enter into, any off-balance sheet arrangements. We also have not entered into any financial guarantees or other commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of third parties. In addition, we have not entered into any derivative contracts that are indexed to our equity interests and classified as shareholders’ equity. Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. We do not have any variable interest in any unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit support to us or that engages in leasing, hedging or research and development services with us. 35 FURNITURE INDUSTRY BACKGROUND Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the following information on the furniture industry has been derived from the Shandong Report. Overview of the Industry Historically, countries in major industrial economic zones (Europe, North America and Japan) have accounted for the majority of world furniture production and consumption. However, the global furniture industry is undergoing a significant change, and developing countries, such as China, are playing an increasingly larger role in production and consumption. The worldwide furniture market grew steadily from 2000 to 2007, however, because of current worldwide economic conditions, the furniture industry has experienced a downturn in furniture shipments for 2008 and 2009. Residential furniture makes up the major share of the market, followed by office furniture. North America makes up the biggest portion of the world market, followed by Europe, China’s presence in the furniture industry has grown significantly over the last decade. China Market According to an article dated October 9, 2008, titled 2008 International Trade Development Tendency of China Furniture , the major furniture manufacturing provinces in China are Shandong (where we are located), Guangzhou and Jiangsu, and furniture manufactured in China is now exported to over 200 countries. According to an article dated August 12, 2009, titled Furniture China 2009 – Huge Buyer Demand Met the Industry in China , 2009 was a challenging year for the global economy, and the Chinese furniture industry experienced unprecedented difficulties. According to the China National Furniture Association’s report, from January to approximately July 2009, China’s furniture exports declined 9.45%. However, with the Chinese government’s policies "to maintain growth, expand domestic demand, and readjust the industry structure" and through determined industry-wide efforts, the Chinese furniture industry began to show signs of recovery. According to the same article, the financial crisis starting from 2008 has forced the Chinese furniture industry into a transition period which has brought an accelerated pace in consolidation and restructuring of Chinese furniture industry. Being an “evergreen” industry, according to such article, China’s furniture industry is expected to bounce back even more vigorously with an extended phase of healthy and steady development. U.S. Market The furniture industry in United States is a relatively mature cyclical industry with long-term growth dependent on population and income growth. According to a Furniture and Related Products NAICS Code 337 , issued by the U.S. Department of Commerce Industry Report in 2009, furniture imports to the United States have increased sharply in recent years. In the past two decades, China, India, Russia and the Eastern European countries have entered the global manufactory and export market. Also, encouraging imports to the United States has been falling tariffs rates, first through such tariff reduction programs as the Generalized System of Preferences (“GSP”) and the North American Free trade Agreement (“NAFTA”) and then, pursuant to the Uruguay Round negotiations, through zero-for-zero tariff reductions for major exporting countries. The result is that today certain furniture entering the United States enters on a duty-free basis. Over the past decade, furniture imports into the United States have increased much more rapidly than have furniture exports from the United States. Between 1999 and 2007, imports increased 107.7% to $3.4 billion while exports increased 40.4% to $27.2 billion. 2008 was the first down year for imports of furniture since 2001into the United States. Imports during the first nine months of 2008 were down 4% while exports increased 17.2%. The weak economy and housing market as well as the falling dollar on exchange markets were the primary causes for the drop in imports. According to a Furniture and Related Products NAICS Code 337, China was the largest supplier of furniture to the United States, accounting for 54.4% of imports in 2007. Canada, Mexico, Vietnam, and Italy together accounted for 26.4% of imports into the United States in 2007. According to such report, China is also a growing market for furniture subassemblies, parts and supplies. Over the past eight years, exports from the United States to Canada and Mexico increased 74.3% and 96.2%, respectively, while exports from China increased 312.8%. 36 European Market A substantial portion of furniture imported to Europe from China is low-end practical furniture. Germany is the largest importer of furniture in Europe, with most imports coming from countries that are members of the European Union and Eastern Europe. In recent years, Germany imported more furniture from countries in Asia, especially from China and Indonesia. After Germany, the United Kingdom is the second largest furniture import market in Europe. Its top furniture supplier countries are Italy, Denmark and China. Italy is the largest furniture exporting country in Europe. In 2008, there were approximately 36,000 furniture manufactures and 216,000 employees in the Italian furniture industry. However, in the past few years, Italy’s export volume remained relatively static (about $800 million per year), while several of its competitors, Canada, China and Poland, showed increased export trends. Japan Market In recent years, Asia has experienced a substantial surge in the demand for its manufactured goods from the United States and Japan. One sector in China which has benefited from this increase in demand is furniture. In Japan, about 80% of furniture manufacturers are private middle to small sized enterprises. Japan’s domestic manufacturing furniture industry accounts for approximately 80% of furniture purchased by Japan, with the remaining 20% of furniture used in Japan imported from foreign countries. Since 1996, Japan’s furniture imports experienced substantial growth. Japan imports low-cost wood furniture mainly from Taiwan and Eastern European regions, and high-cost furniture mainly from Europe and the United States. However, in 2000, China exceeded Taiwan for the first time as the largest supplier of low-cost wood furniture to Japan. Most imported metal furniture comes from Taiwan and China mainland, accounting for 42.7% and 37.4%, respectively of imports of such products. 37 BUSINESS Overview We are a designer and contract manufacturer of household furniture in the Peoples Republic of China (“PRC”). We produce a variety of indoor and outdoor residential furniture and wicker products that is sold and exported to more than 30 countries. Our products are sold through well known domestic and international retailers such as Trade Point A/S Direct Container (Denmark), Zara-Home, Habitat UK Ltd., ABM Group Inc. and US; Fuji Boeki Co. Ltd. The product depth and extensive style selections we offer we believe allows us to be a strong resource for global furniture, retail chains and retailers in the discounted price range. Our subsidiary, Shandong, manufactures over 20,000 different products. We focus on providing high quality products at competitive prices. For the calendar year ended December 31, 2009, approximately 5% of our products were sold in the PRC and 95% of our products were sold to companies in countries such as the United States, Germany, England, Italy, Sweden, Canada, Taiwan. Because straw, wicker and handicraft products are relatively easy to produce and do not require a significant investment in technology or equipment, we do not produce such products in our manufacturing facilities. Instead, we employ local people to manufacture such products in their homes in Cao County, Shandong Province, PRC. All of our four existing industrial parks are engaged in producing wood furniture. Our four industrial parks consist of 16 plants, which produce a full line of residential furniture products, including kitchen furniture, office furniture, living room furniture, outdoor furniture and general living furniture. In order to respond quickly to customer orders, we have designed our facilities and developed manufacturing practices that allow us to be highly flexible so that certain of our plants can be used to produce several types of furniture. Concentration on Furniture Industry Based upon our experience as furniture markers and sellers both domestically and internationally as well as the Shandong Report, we believe that the demand for furniture has been growing steadily worldwide. We believe that historically western countries have accounted for the majority of world furniture production and consumption. However, we believe that the global furniture industry is undergoing a substantial transformation, where developing countries, such as China, are playing an increasingly important role in wood furniture production and consumption. As a result, although our straw, wicker and handicraft products have been and continue to be an integral part of our overall business, we intend to focus and devote substantial of our resources to expand our wood furniture business. Our Competitive Advantages We believe that we are one of the leading producers and manufacturers of furniture and craft products in China and that we have the following competitive advantages over our competitors: · Our brand name “CAOPU” is well-known among oversea retailers and wholesalers; · We believe that we are well known among overseas customers for our poplar and paulownia wood products; · Our research and development (“R&D”) team has 26 employees, each of whom have over 5 years of experience in furniture and craft production; · We have experience in, and have what we believe to be, a strong technological team in product improvement; · We have developed innovative products based on traditional folk arts in Cao County; · We believe that our raw materials costs are lower than our competitors because our production facility is located in an area that has an abundance of fast-growing trees that we use in manufacturing our products and we do not require an administrative license to use the trees in the area referenced; and · Over the past ten years, we have developed long-term customer cooperative relationships with a number of well known companies. Our Strengths Track record of growth Our revenues and net income has increased substantially over the past 6 years. Specifically, we generated revenues of $60 million and achieved net income of $10 million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2009, and $42.2 million in revenues and $6 million of net income for fiscal year ended December 31, 2008. Following this offering, we plan to increase the aggregate annual production capacity for our existing products and to launch higher end furniture line that we believe will have higher profit margins. 38 High Quality Product Offering We believe our wide variety of product categories, styles and finishes enable us to respond quickly to changing consumer preferences. We believe we offer retailers a comprehensive production line principally in the lower price range. Based on our sales and large client base, we believe our products represent good value, and that the style and quality of our furniture compares favorably with more premium-priced products. Strong Recognition from Domestic and International Customers The solid reputation that our management team has developed over the last number of years in the furniture industry in China and in other countries such as the United States, Germany, England, Italy, Sweden, Canada, including an established track record for consistently providing quality products at competitive prices, has enabled us to develop a strong customer base which includes several reputable domestic and multinational retailers, including Zara-Home, Habitat UK Ltd. ABM Group Inc. and Fuji Boeki Co., Ltd. Reliable Supplier Network for Low-Cost Raw Materials We believe that many of our current suppliers with whom we have longstanding relationships, prefer to sell raw materials to us as opposed to other purchasers, at competitive prices, due to our large order and track record for prompt payment. We believe these long-standing supplier relationships provide us with a competitive advantage in China. Since Cao County is a natural area for the raw materials of our products, the supply of raw materials is greater than we require. Thus, we are able to leverage our purchasing power to obtain favorable pricing and delivery terms. In addition, none of our current suppliers supply more than 5% of the raw materials we require. Experienced Management and Operational Teams with Domestic PRC Market Knowledge Our senior management team and key operating personnel have extensive management and operating experience and domestic PRC industry knowledge. In particular, Mr. Jinliang Li, our chairman, has managed and operated businesses in the furniture industry in the PRC for approximately 25 years. Mr. Zhiqiang Zhong, the production manager of Shandong, has experience in the furniture industry in the PRC for approximately 14 years, Mr. Zhiyu Wang, chief financial officer of Shandong, has experience in furniture industry for approximately 10 years, Mr. Jiawei Li, our director and chief marketing manager of Shandong, has experience in marketing and furniture industry for approximately 4 years. We believe that our management team’s experience and in-depth knowledge of the furniture business will enable us to continue to successfully execute our expansion strategies. In addition, we believe our management team’s strong track record will enable us to continue to take advantage of market opportunities that may arise. We are Taking Advantage of Industry Trends According to an article dated October 9, 2008, titled 2008 International Trade Development Tendency of China Furniture , the major furniture manufacturing provinces in China are Shandong (where we are located), Guangzhou and Jiangsu, and furniture manufactured in China is now exported to over 200 countries. We believe this production shift to China has been attributed to the increasing labor costs and operational costs incurred in the manufacture of these products in more developed countries. Consequently, we believe retailers in developed countries are relying more on imported furniture products. Our strategy is to take advantage of this trend. Our Proposed Growth Strategy Based upon the historical growing demand for our wood furniture products and the changing dynamics of the wood furniture industry, we believe we have a unique opportunity to substantially increase our revenues, net income and gross margins by not only expanding the capacity of our existing wood furniture production business but also producing additional types of wood furniture products for which we believe there is a large and increasing international demand. We seek to increase our revenues by taking advantage of the increasing demand for wood furniture worldwide, as such we have developed a growth strategy that we believe will allow us to capitalize on this opportunity. Our growth strategy is focused on increasing our production capacity of wooden furniture and manufacturing new products that we believe are in high demand internationally. Develop new products In order to produce higher end products we plan to develop a new manufacturing line. Based upon, among other items, our attendance at trade shows and discussions with our larger clients, we believe that we can substantially increase our revenues, gross margins and net income by producing such a new high end furniture line. 39 Increasing production capacity Our current production capacity for our existing wooden furniture products can only satisfy between 60% and 70% of our overseas orders. Our strategy to increase our capacity is multifaceted. In December 2006, we were granted by the PRC government a land-use permit to use approximately 98,435.32 square meters to establish our fifth industrial park to expand our current Caopu Industrial Park. In such industrial park, which also will be located in Caopu Industrial Park near our existing 4 industrial parks, we plan to build a new furniture production line, which will produce higher end furniture, and a R&D center. We believe this plan will not only increase our production capacity but also increase our gross margins and strengthen our market share in our product industry. The total estimated cost to build the new production line is approximately $15 million, which includes workshop construction cost as well as equipment and machinery cost. The total estimated cost to establish the new R&D center is approximately $1.4 million. We intend to use the net proceeds from this public offering to fund a substantial portion of the $15 million required to build a new furniture production line in our new industrial park to manufacture our proposed higher end furniture line, with the balance of funds coming from operating funds. Strengthening R&D We believe product innovation and technology advancement are vital for our business expansion. In the past years, we mainly depended on in-house research. For fiscal years 2009 and 2008, we spent approximately $ 0.5 million and $0.4 million, respectively on R & D. We intend to build a new R&D center in the fifth industrial park. We believe our R&D initiatives will substantially shorten the time of both traditional and new product development. It is currently contemplated by us that the proposed new R&D center will include a 6,000 square meter building with an experiment workshop, office, training room and housing. The estimated cost of R&D center is an estimated approximately $1.4 million consisting of (i) $850,000 for building costs and (ii) $550,000 for equipment costs. Strengthening our relationships with key customers and diversifying our customer base. We intend to strengthen our relationships with key customers while further expanding our customer base. We plan to continue providing high-quality and cost-competitive products to our existing customers and to use our existing customer network and strong industry reputation to expand our product sales internationally. We also plan subject to available financing to improve our overseas sales networks by establishing retail stores to allow us to sell our products directly to the end users in the United States, Japan and Europe. We intend to continue to use customer feedback to improve the quality of our products and services and to strengthen our long-term base of domestic and international customers. Seasonality Our operating results and cash flows historically have not been subject to seasonal variations. Although we do not currently anticipate any changes, this pattern may change, however, as a result of new market opportunities or new product introductions. Operations We market our products under our brand name “CAOPU”, which we believe is recognized in western countries. We have established a coordinated supply chain management system ranging from production to sale. Shandong’s factory is located on 200,000 square meters of land, and consists of 18 buildings with a total floor space of 110,000 square meters. In addition, Shandong’s factory is divided into four industry parks with 16 plants. We have over 1,500 employees in the Shandong factory. Rigorous Quality Control Standards Consistent with our continuing commitment to quality, we impose rigorous quality control standards at various stages of our production process. We strictly comply with various national quality standards, established by the General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine of China, with respect to the hardware and paint used in the manufacture of furniture, straw-wicker and handicraft products. We also strictly comply with various quality standards in accordance with the clients’ special quality requirements. In order to improve the modern management level of enterprise and adapt to the demand of the international market, Shandong has obtained ISO 9001 International Quality Management System Certificate, ISO 14001 Environment Management System Certificate, OHSMS18001 Occupation Health & Safe Management System Certificate and CE Certificate (a certificate enabling our products to enter the Europe Union) . 40 Products Historically, our business has been primarily focused on straw-wicker, furniture and handicrafts products. We produce over 20,000 different products. We believe our wide variety of product categories, styles and finishes enable us to respond quickly to changing consumer preferences. We believe we offer retailers a comprehensive production line principally in the lower price range. Based on our sales and large client base, we believe our products represent good value, and that the style and quality of our furniture compares favorably with more premium-priced products. In 2009, approximately 95% of our revenues resulted from sales of our products internationally, with the remaining 5% resulting from sales in the PRC. The following table lists our products by category and their respective contribution to our sales for the 12 months ended December 31, 2009. Product Category Certain Products Main Target Market Revenue ($) Revenue Percentage (%) Furniture Poplar & paulownia furniture including: folding screens, stools, 3-tier /5-tier bookshelves, coffee tables, bed cabinet U.S.A., U.K., Germany, Japan, Italy, Spain $29.8 million 50% Straw-wicker Trunk, wash baskets, baskets, drawers, folder boxes, storage chests, fruit trays, bread baskets, vase covers Spain, Germany, Italy, Holland, Greece, Poland, Portugal, Austria, UK, Japan, Malta, Malaysia, Australia, U.S.A. $28.7 million 48% Wooden Crafts Christmas gifts, photo frames, gift boxes, wood tubes, bottle boxes, decorative wooden plates, toys, pet supplies U.S.A., Japan, Malta, Malaysia, European country $1.1 million 2% Wood Furniture We established our first wooden furniture production line in 2004 by producing furniture made from poplar and paulownia. Poplar and paulownia wood generally have distinctive characteristics of color, a smoother surface and lighter weight than certain other types of wood. In addition, Cao County is the natural base for the growth of both poplar and paulownia. The average time it takes poplar and paulownia trees to grow to maturity in Cao County is two to three years shorter than for other kinds of trees generally used for wood furniture in China. Over the past few years, revenues from wood furniture products have increased substantially and have become a substantial percentage of our overall product sales. Japan and Europe are the primary target markets for sales of such wood furniture. For the fiscal year 2009, sales and net income were approximately $29.8 million and $5.3 million, respectively, from our furniture products, approximately $28.7 and $4.7million from our straw and wicker products, and $1.1 million and $0.2 million, respectively, from our crafts products. In fiscal 2009, wood furniture products accounted for $29.9 million and $5.3 million of our overall revenues and net income, respectively, and 50% of our overall sales. Because of the growing demand, higher gross margins and changing dynamics of the international wood furniture industry, specifically, production moving away from countries such as the United States and Italy toward developing countries with cheaper labor, such as China and India, we have been and intend to focus substantial resources and efforts on our wood furniture production. Straw-wicker products Because straw-wicker are easy to produce, do not require a significant investment in technology or equipment, we do not produce such products in our manufacturing facilities. Instead, we employ local residents to manufacture such products in their homes in Cao County, Shandong Province, PRC. Although we have expanded our business to wood furniture manufacturing, straw-wicker products are continue to be an integral part of our overall business. In fiscal 2009, straw-wicker products accounted for $28.8 million and $4.7 million of our overall revenues and net income, respectively, and 48% of our overall revenues. 41 Handicraf t Products With the advantage of having poplar and paulownia resources in Cao Country, in 2000 we expanded our product mix to include wooden handicrafts. We are dedicated to producing a wide variety of novel-designed wooden handicrafts. We produce more than 800 kinds of wooden handicrafts varying from household articles, to office appliance and pet supplies . In fiscal 2009, handicraft products account for $1.1 million and $0.2 million of our overall revenues and net income, respectively, and 2% of our overall revenues. Manufacturing At December 31, 2009, we operated approximately 200,000 square meters of manufacturing and supply plant capacity in Shandong Province for furniture and handicrafts production. These manufacturing and other facility are located in our existing 4 industrial parks. We consider the machinery and equipment at such location generally to be relatively up to date and well-maintained. The manufacturing equipment at those locations include band saws, cut-to-size saws, sanders, single-plate saws, multi-plate saws, thickness, matchers, multiple-drillings, copying machines, engraving machines, routers, chilling presses, roll coaters, and leaching paint machines. Our domestic manufacturing strategy includes: • More frequent and cost-effective production runs, • Identification and recycling of product waste, and • Improvement of our relationships with suppliers by establishing primary suppliers. Production Process The manufacturing process of each of our products generally involves various steps. The following charts indicate the steps in manufacturing straw-wicker products, wooden craft products and furniture products. 1. Steps to manufacture straw-wicker products: 2. Steps to manufacture wooden craft products: 42 3. Steps to manufacture furniture products: The technology and procedures used in the above processes vary depending on the different products that we manufacture and depend upon the product specifications prescribed by a particular customer. Raw Materials The principal materials used in manufacturing our wood furniture products include lumber, veneers, plywood, particle board, hardware, glue, finishing materials, glass products, laminates, fabrics and metals. We use a variety of species of lumber, including cherry, oak, ash, poplar, paulowniawood, pine and maple. The main raw materials for our straw-wicker products are thin grasses, seaweed, wheat straw and maize-leaf. The main raw material used in or handicrafts products are poplar and paulowniawood, We believe that our sources for raw materials are adequate and that we are not dependent on any one supplier. Our five largest suppliers, (Shengli Xie, Hongming Yu, Hongqing Zhang, Tengjian Wang and Enzhu Zhang) accounted for an aggregate of approximately 6.8% of our raw materials for all of our furniture and handicrafts manufacturing operations during 2009. No single supplier accounted for more than 10% of our raw material purchases. All of our operations are located in Cao County, PRC, the southwest of Shandong Province, which is at the junction of Anhui Province, Henan Province, Jiangsu and Shandong Province. We currently have four industrial plants located in such area. In and around Cao County, there are a substantial number of poplar and paulownia trees. The wood from such trees are used to make a variety of types of furniture, such as chairs, desks, cabinets, tables, stools, and dividers. Furniture made of poplar and paulownia has the following distinct characteristics: unique color, smooth surface, light weight (making it easy to carry and ship), and a low price. We believe that these characteristics have made it popular in Asia, Europe and the United States. Cao County also has a large supply of readily available raw materials for our straw-and-wicker products. 43 Customers and Suppliers We believe we have successfully established long-term, stable business relationships with over three hundred customers in over thirty countries. Our products are sold in stores operated by such well known retailers as Zara-Home, Habitat UK Ltd., ABM Group Inc., and Fuji Boeki Co. Ltd. In fiscal 2009, our top 10 purchasers of our products were as follows: Major customers Name 12 months ended December 31, 2009 ( ’ 000s) Percentage of Ove rall Sales (%) Trade Point A/S Direct Container (Denmark) $ 17,998 44 % Zara-Home (Spain) $ 4,209 10 % Bettenwelt Gmbh & Co. KG (Germany) $ 4,307 10 % JYSK SP. Zoo, Gdansk. (Poland) $ 3,792 9 % ABM Group Inc. (USA) $ 2,700 7 % FIT Co., Ltd. $ 2,477 6 % Axis Imex, Inc. (USA) $ 1,731 4 % Fuji Boeki Co., Ltd. (Japan) $ 1,449 4 % Habitat UK Ltd. (England) $ 1,219 3 % Sofibo China Limited $ 1,355 3 % In fiscal 2009, our top 10 suppliers for raw materials used to manufacture our products were as follows: Suppliers of Raw Materials Name Amount (USD) 12 months ended December 31, 2009 ( ’ 000s) Location Percentage * Shandong Beier Chemical Co., Ltd. $ 90.9 Cao County 2.3 % Cao County Shengcheng Carton Plant $ 77.1 Cao County 1.9 % Cao County Minzu Carton Plant $ 45 Cao County 1.1 % Xie Shengli $ 30.9 Cao County * % Yu Hongming $ 26.5 Cao County * % Zhang Hongqing $ 24.3 Cao County * % Wang Tengjian $ 22.1 Cao County * % Zhang Enzhu $ 18.5 Cao County * % Wang Qingping $ 16.5 Cao County * % Liu Xiaoyou $ 15.4 Cao County * % Quality Control Consistent with our continuing commitment to quality, we impose rigorous quality control standards at various stages of our production process. We strictly comply with various national quality standards, established by the General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine of China, with respect to the hardware and paint used in the manufacture of furniture, straw-wicker and handicraft products. We also strictly comply with various quality standards based on the clients’ special quality requirements. Marketing and Sales We have developed a broad domestic and international network with our independent third party retailers and wholesalers who sell our products to their customers after purchasing them directly from us. We believe this broad network helps reduce exposure to regional recessions, and allows us to capitalize on emerging channels of distribution. * Means less than 1%. 44 We believe general marketing practice followed in the furniture industry is to exhibit products at international and regional furniture markets. In the spring and fall of each year, a seven-day furniture market is held in High Point, North Carolina, which is attended by most buyers and is regarded by the industry as the international market. Generally, we follow the general marketing practice followed by furniture manufacturers in the furniture industry by exhibiting our products at international and regional furniture markets attended by buyers for furniture retailers. We market our products by participating in tradeshows and exhibitions in both the PRC and abroad. We believe that we have built up a solid business reputation among numerous well-known retailers. We sell our furniture through over 300 retailers and wholesalers of residential home furnishings, who are broadly dispersed internationally, including: Trade Point A/S Direct Container, Zara-Home, Bettenwelt Gmbh & Co. KG, JYSK SP Zoo Gdansk, and Habitat UK Ltd. in Europe; ABM Group Inc. and Axis Imex, Inc., in the US; Fuji Boeki Co. Ltd. in Japan. We believe no significant part of our business is dependent upon a single customer, however, the loss of our larger customers could have a material impact on our business. Approximately 95% of our net sales during fiscal year ended 2009 were to international customers. Generally, we sell our finished products directly to third party retailers and wholesalers without any commission. We believe our broad network of 3 rd party retailers and wholesalers reduces our exposure to regional recessions and allows us to capitalize on emerging trends in channels of distribution. Warehousing, Inventory and Supply Chain Management We distribute furniture to retailers and wholesalers from our distribution centers and warehouses in Caopu Industrial Park. We ship containers of finished products directly from our manufacturing facilities to the port of Qingdao to third-party retailers and wholesalers. There is no backlog of unshipped orders for all of our products as of December 31, 2009. Our current production capacity for our existing wooden furniture products can only satisfy an estimated approximately between 60% and 70% of our overseas orders. As a result, we are planning to expand our current production facility in order to meet all the orders we received or would received from oversea clients. Competition Competitive Environment The furniture industry is highly competitive and includes a large number of foreign and domestic manufacturers and importers, none of which dominates the market. Currently, the arts and crafts industry is a concentrated industry in China. The majority of arts and crafts producers are located in southern and eastern China. While the markets in which we compete include a large number of relatively small and medium-sized manufacturers, certain competitors have substantially greater sales volumes and financial resources than we do. With regard to the production scale and products categories, our main competitors are as follows: Existing Competitors for our wood furniture products: Puyang Hongda Wooden Products Co., Ltd, a company specialized in wooden furniture and wooden handicrafts production, focuses its business on producing paulownia products, mixed hard wood products, and mahogany products. Depending on technological advantages and advanced craftsmanship, we believe the company is attempting to expand into the United States market, keeping Japan and Europe as its main export countries. Existing Competitors for straw-and-wicker and handicrafts manufacturers: Liaoning Chengda Industry Co,Ltd, a subsidiary of Liaoning Chengda Co., Ltd. It is a public company whose common stock is listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange. The company located in Liaoning province and is a producer of wooden crafts over the last 10 years. Artall Light Industry Co., Ltd, a subsidiary of Jiangsu Holly Corporation, a public company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. It is a manufacturing and trading corporation located in Jiangsu Province with annual export value exceeding RMB200 million . Artall is primarily engaged in producing gift products, handicrafts, kitchen applicants, travel products, outdoor products, toys, pet supplies, and willow products. ShandongJiaxiangJinyiArts & Crafts C o., Ltd , a company established in 1986, has a diversified product line featuring straw and wicker products, ranging from stone handicrafts, copper handicrafts, and iron handicrafts to Lu Brocade and Straw/Reed/Kenaf products. 45 Intellectual Property As of December 31, 2009, we have the following intellectual property rights: Patents We have the exclusive right to use following twenty-three (23) patents in the PRC for the following products: No. Utility Models Certificate No. Utility Models No. Design er Application Date Authorized Announcement Owner * 1 Altar 356906 ZL 033508127 Jinliang Li July 11, 2003 February 25, 2004 Jinliang Li 2 Coffin (8) 358183 ZL 03350900X Jinliang Li July 17, 2003 March 10, 2004 Jinliang Li 3 Coffin (15) 357332 ZL 033506825 Jinliang Li July 17, 2003 March 3, 2004 Jinliang Li 4 Coffin (1) 359654 ZL 033508364 Jinliang Li July 11, 2003 March 17, 2004 Jinliang Li 5 Coffin (5) 360164 ZL 033506795 Jinliang Li July 17, 2003 March 24, 2004 Jinliang Li 6 Coffin (4) 360912 ZL 033508372 Jinliang Li July 11, 2003 March 24, 2004 Jinliang Li 7 Coffin (2) 360680 ZL 033508380 Jinliang Li July 11, 2003 March 24, 2004 Jinliang Li 8 Coffin (10) 360682 ZL 033506884 Jinliang Li July 17, 2003 March 24, 2004 Jinliang Li 9 Coffin (9) 360915 ZL 033506876 Jinliang Li July 17, 2003 March 24, 2004 Jinliang Li 10 Quilt Bracket (1) 359910 ZL 03351173X Jinliang Li August 20, 2003 March 24, 2004 Jinliang Li 11 Quilt Bracket (2) 359455 ZL 033511748 Jinliang Li August 20, 2003 March 17, 2004 Jinliang Li 12 Quilt Bracket (4) 359651 ZL 033511764 Jinliang Li August 20, 2003 March 17, 2004 Jinliang Li 13 Drying Room 648544 ZL 03271093.3 Sheng Wang, Yazhen Wang September 12, 2003 October 13, 2004 Jinliang Li 14 Plank Splicing Machine 648730 ZL 03271094.1 Sheng Wang, Yazhen Wang September 12, 2003 October 13, 2004 Jinliang Li 15 Device Preventing Drawer Sliding Down 749252 ZL 200420053223.6 Jinliang Li August 23, 2004 December 28, 2005 Jinliang Li 16 Tea Table with Folding Leg 749394 ZL 200420053224.0 Jinliang Li August 23, 2004 December 28, 2005 Jinliang Li 17 Disposal Container (1) 685809 ZL 200630095723.0 Jinliang Li September 8, 2006 August 29, 2007 Jinliang Li 18 Disposal Container (2) 685890 ZL 200630095724.5 Jinliang Li September 8, 2006 August 29, 2007 Jinliang Li 19 Chair Container 685796 ZL 200630095733.4 Jinliang Li September 8, 2006 August 29, 2007 Jinliang Li 20 Chair Disposal Container (intensive processing) 685866 ZL 200630095732.X Jinliang Li September 8, 2006 August 29, 2007 Jinliang Li 21 Wine Box (2) 685930 ZL 200630095722.6 Jinliang Li September 8, 2006 August 29, 2007 Jinliang Li 22 Wine Box (1) 685850 ZL 200630095727.9 Jinliang Li September 8, 2006 August 29, 2007 Jinliang Li 23 Cabinet with Eight Drawer 693607 ZL 200630095728.3 Jinliang Li September 8, 2006 September 19, 2007 Jinliang Li 46 * Mr. Li, our majority shareholder and chief executive officer, is the owner of the patents which he authorizes us to use exclusively on a royalty free bases, pursuant to an Authorization Letter dated as of April 19, 2010. Trademarks and Domain Names: We have registered five trademarks with the PRC Trademark Bureau under the State of Administration for Industry & Commerce: Trademark Certificate No. Category Registrant Valid Term 3722006 28 Shandong June 7, 2006 to June 6, 2016 3722025 20 Shandong February 14, 2006 to February 13, 2016 3722007 20 Shandong February 14, 2006 to February 13, 2016 4900955 20 Shandong Registered in Japan 904344 20,28 Shandong January, 2007 to January, 2017 We have registered the following domain names: Domain Name Owner Registration Date Expiration Date www.caopu.cn Shandong June 15, 2006 June 15, 2011 www.cpgy.com Shandong April 27, 2002 April 27, 2012 www.caopu.cc Shandong June 15, 2006 June 15, 2016 Employees As of December 31, 2009, we had approximately 1,500 employees. In 2009, our average compensation per employee per month was RMB 1,050 or approximately US$ 155. We also paid social security insurance fees for employees who required such insurance under PRC law. We have a human resource performance review system and series of incentive policies that allow personnel reviews to be carried out monthly or bi-monthly, depending on the length of employees’ service for Shandong. 47 The following table shows a breakdown of our employees by function as of December 31, 2009: Functions Number of employees % of total Manufacturing 1329 88.6 % Sales and Marketing 45 3 % General Administration, Purchasing and Logistics 60 4 % Quality Control, Technology and Research & Development 66 4.4 % Total 1,500 100 % From time to time, we also employ third-party auditors to issue Capital Verification Reports once a year. We have not experienced any significant labor disputes and consider our relationship with our employees to be good. Government Regulations Insurance Plans We are subject to a wide range of regulation covering our business. We are required to provide to our employees the following state-mandated insurance plans: · Retirement insurance: We withhold a portion of each employee’s average monthly salary from the prior year, as determined by the provincial government, generally 8%, and contribute an additional amount determined by law, up to approximately 20% of such average monthly salary. · Medical insurance: We withhold approximately 1% of each employee’s average monthly salary from the prior year and contribute an additional amount totaling approximately 10% of such average monthly salary. · Unemployment insurance: We withhold approximately 1% of each employee’s average monthly salary from the prior year, and contribute an additional amount totaling approximately 2% of such average monthly salary. · Industrial injury insurance: we contribute an amount totaling approximately 0.5% of each employee’s average monthly salary from the prior year. Circular 75 Compliance and Approval SAFE issued the Notice on Issues Relating to the Administration of Foreign Exchange in Fund-raising and Reverse Investment Activities of Domestic Residents Conducted via Offshore Special Purpose Companies, or “Notice 75,” on October 21, 2005, which became effective as of November 1, 2005 and the operating procedures in May 2007, collectively the SAFE Rules. According to the SAFE Rules, prior registration with the local SAFE branch is required for PRC residents to establish or to control an offshore company for the purposes of financing that offshore company with assets or equity interests in an onshore enterprise located in the PRC. An amendment to registration or filing with the local SAFE branch by such PRC resident is also required for the injection of equity interests or assets of an onshore enterprise in the offshore company or overseas funds raised by such offshore company, or any other material change involving a change in the capital of the offshore company. The SAFE rules define “PRC residents” to include both legal persons and natural persons who either hold legal PRC identification documents, or who habitually reside in China due to economic interests or needs. If any PRC resident fails to file its SAFE registration for an existing offshore enterprise, any dividends remitted by the onshore enterprise to its overseas parent after October 21, 2005 will be considered to be an evasion of foreign exchange purchase rules, and the payment of the dividend will be illegal. As a result, both the onshore enterprise and its actual controlling persons can be fined. In addition, failure to comply with the registration procedures may result in restrictions on the relevant onshore enterprise, including prohibitions on the payment of dividends and other distributions to its offshore parent or affiliate and capital inflow from the offshore enterprise. The PRC resident shareholders of the offshore enterprise may also be subject to penalties under Chinese foreign exchange administration regulations. We have requested our shareholders and beneficial owners who may be subject to SAFE Rules to make the necessary applications, filings and amendments as required under SAFE Rules. We have advised these shareholders and beneficial owners to comply with the relevant requirements. It is our understanding that these shareholders are in the process of making the required filings. However, we cannot provide any assurance that all of our shareholders and beneficial owners who may be PRC residents will comply with our request to make or obtain any applicable registrations or comply with other requirements required by SAFE Rules. The failure or inability of our PRC resident shareholders or beneficial owners to make any required registrations or comply with other requirements may subject such shareholders or beneficial owners to fines and legal sanctions and may also limit our ability to contribute additional capital into or provide loans to our PRC subsidiaries, limit the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends or otherwise distribute profits to us, or otherwise adversely affect us. 48 Approvals, Licenses and Certificates We require a number of approvals, licenses and certificates in order to operate our business. Our principal approvals, licenses and certificates are set forth below. · Business License (No.371700400000825) issued on August 14, 2009 by Heze Administration for Industry and Commerce. · Organization Code Certificate issued by Heze Administration of Quality and Technology Supervision (code No. 724299773, and registration No. 2007.6), the valid period of which is from June 2007 to June 2011. · Taxation Registration Certificate (Lu He Shui Zi No. 372922724299773) issued by the Cao County National Taxation Bureau and Caopu County Local Taxation Bureau in September 2009. · Registration Form for Operators of Foreign Trading (the code No (2009)0809) issued by People’s Government of Shandong Province on August 12, 2009. Properties There is no private land ownership in PRC. Land in the PRC is owned by the government and cannot be sold to any individual or entity. Instead, the government grants or allocates landholders a “land use right,” which is sometimes referred to informally as land ownership. Land use rights are granted for specific purposes and for limited periods. Each period may be renewed at the expiration of the initial and any subsequent terms. Granted land use rights are transferable and may be used as security for borrowings and other obligations. Generally speaking, there are four primary ways of obtaining land use rights in the PRC: · Grant of the right to use land; · Assignment of the right to use land; · Lease of the right to use land; and · Allocated land use rights. Our executive offices and manufacturing facilities are located in Shandong, China, on approximately 130,000 square meters. We have been issued a Land Use Right Certificate for such property until 2056 by the municipal government of Shandong, which may be renewed upon our application and the municipal governments’ approval. We currently have land use rights for 18 buildings on such property as listed below. We believe that our existing facilities are well maintained and in good operating condition . Our land use rights are set forth below: Land Use Rights through Grants from Land Management Authority Land Use Right Certificate No. Address Area Usage Land Nature Expiration Date Cao Count, China (2006) No.176 Zhongkou Village, Pulianji Town, Cao County 68,329.32 ㎡ Industrial Land State-owned land of transfer October 2056 Cao Count, China (2003) No.80 Zhongkou Village, Pulianji Town 41,572.46 ㎡ Industrial land State-owned land of transfer June 2053 Cao Count, China (2006) No.189 Zhongkou Village, Pulianji Town ,Cao County 98,435.32 ㎡ Industrial land State-owned land of transfer December 2056 Cao Count, China (2001) No.0106 Longhuadian Village, Pulianji Town, Cao County 13,150 ㎡ Industrial land State-owned land of transfer July 2053 Cao Count, China (2001) No. 0105 ZhaocaiyuanVillage, Pulianji Town, Cao County 39,637.04 ㎡ Industrial land State-owned land of transfer March 2051 49 Premises Our operating facilities consist of 16 plants located in our existing four industrial parks in Cao County, Shandong Province, PRC. The existing industrial parks have a total area of 200,000 square meters, of which 110,000 square meters consists of buildings that house our production lines, warehouses, executive offices and related business items. Insurance We maintain various insurance policies to safeguard against risks and unexpected events. We provide social security insurance, including pension insurance, unemployment insurance, work related injury insurance, maternity insurance and medical insurance to in accordance with PRC regulations (see Government Regulations ) . We also maintain insurance for our plants, machinery, equipment, inventories and motor vehicles. However, we do not maintain product liability insurance for our products. Legal Proceedings We are not currently a party to any material legal or administrative proceedings. We are not aware of any material legal or administrative proceedings threatened against us. From time to time, we are subject to various legal or administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. 50 COMPANY HISTORY We were incorporated in February 2007 in Delaware under the name Mobile Presence Technologies, Inc. to develop and provide software and services to enhance the use of cellular phones and other hand held communication devices. Since our inception we had not generated any material revenues and determined to change our business. In November 2009, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Tianwei International Development Corporation, which we refer to as Tianwei, pursuant to a Stock Exchange and Reorganization Agreement. The transaction by which we acquired Tianwei is more fully described below. Tianwei was incorporated under the laws of Oregon on January 13, 2009 and is the owner of all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Shandong. Shandong was organized under the laws of the PRC in August 2000 under the name Heze Caopu Arts & Crafts Co., Ltd. In November 2000, it changed its name to Shandong Caopu Arts & Crafts., Ltd. Shandong has registered capital of $7.8 million, 96.79% of which was owned by Shandong Cao County Changsheng Arts & Crafts Co., Ltd. and the remaining 3.21% was owned by Japan Fit Co., Ltd. In March 2009, Tianwei acquired Japan Fit’s 3.21% interest and in July 2009, Tianwei acquired Shandong Cao County Changsheng Arts & Crafts Co., Ltd.’s 96.79% interest in Shandong. As a result, Tianwei became the sole owner of Shandong and we became the 100% owner of Tianwei. In addition, as a result of its new ownership structure, Shandong became what is known as a “Wholly Foreign Owned Enterprise” or “WFOE.” On December 3, 2009 we filed a certificate of amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation changing our name to “China Shandong Industries, Inc.”, to better align our name with our business, increasing the authorized shares of our common stock to 100,000,000, increasing our authorized blank check preferred stock to 5,000,000 shares, and effectuating a 15 for 1 forward split of our common stock. Stock Exchange Agreement On November 6, 2009, pursuant to a Stock Exchange and Reorganization Agreement (the “Exchange Agreement”), dated as of October 22, 2009, by and among us, Tianwei, CAOPU, London Financial Group Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands (“LFG”), Phoebus Vision Investment Developing Group, Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands ( “ Phoebus”), and Timothy Lightman (“TL”), we acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Tianwei. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, we issued an aggregate of 22,226,400 shares of our common stock to CAOPU, LFG and Phoebus in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding shares of Tianwei owned by each of CAOPU, LFG and Phoebus. Pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Agreement, Mr. Lightman cancelled 13,125,000 shares out of the total of 14,625,000 shares of our common stock owned by Mr. Lightman. In addition, effective November 5, 2009, pursuant to a separate Assignment and Assumption Agreement by and between us and Mr. Lightman, Mr. Lightman acquired all our assets related to our prior business and assumed all our liabilities outstanding prior to our acquisition of Tianwei. Effective as of the closing of our acquisition of Tianwei, our prior officers and directors resigned, and our current officers and directors were appointed. 51 MANAGEMENT Directors, Executive Officers and Significant Employees The following table sets forth the name, age and position of each of our directors and executive officers. Name Age Position Mr. Jinliang Li 51 Chief Executive Officer and Director Mr. Jiawei Li 28 Director and Chief Marketing Manager of Shandong Ms. Yuhong Lei 33 Chief Financial Officer Ms. Aihua Li 47 General Counsel and Corporate Secretary The business experience for the past five years (and, in some instances, for prior years) of each of our executive officers and directors is as follows: Jinliang Li , became our Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and a director in November 2009. Since August 2000, Mr. Li has served, and he continues to serve, as the President and General Manager of Shandong. From 1981 to August 2000, he served as a manager of Shandong. Mr. Li has 30 years experience in sales and production of handicrafts and furniture. In addition, from January 2008 to present, Mr. Li served as a member of National People’s Congress of Shandong Province, Executive director of the National Association of township entrepreneurs, Executive director of the National Association of Young Entrepreneurs, Executive director of National Furniture Association, and Chairman of Heze City Import Association. Mr. Li graduated from Shandong Agricultural University in 2006. Jiawei Li , became a director in November 2009. Mr. Li joined Shandong in 2006, and he has served, and continues to serve, as the Chief Marketing Manager of Shandong since then. Mr. Li graduated from Peking University Founder Technology College in 2006 where he received a degree in computer network technology . Mr. Jinliang Li, our Chief Executive Officer and a director, is the father of Mr. Jiawei Li. Yuhong Lei , became our Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) in March 2010. Prior to her appointment as our CFO, Ms. Lei was a Senior Financial Analyst with J&R Investment Service Limited commencing in 2009, where her responsibilities included monitoring financial markets on behalf of J&R’s senior management. From 2008 to 2009, Ms. Lei acted as a Financial Analyst with Linear Capital Asia Limited, where she provided consulting services to the firm’s clients. From 2003 to 2006, Ms. Lei was a Business Analyst with PetroChina Jiangxi Region Sales Company, where she provided business analysis to the company’s sales and marketing division. From 1999 to 2002, Ms. Lei was the director of a branch of China Construction Bank in Liaoyang City, Liaoning Province, China, where she was in charge of its financial management and daily operation. Ms. Lei received a MBA from the University of Bradford in 2007 and a BA in Insurance from Liaoning University in 1999. Ms. Lei is a candidate for the Level 3 exam given by the CFA Institute. Aihua Li, became our General Counsel and Corporate Secretary in March 2010. From 2005 to 2009, Ms. Li served as a general counsel for various private and public companies. Ms. Li is the founder and senior partner of Shandong Dingjian Law Office, and has practicing law in China for approximately 17 years. Ms. Li is a part-time law professor in Heze University, serves as a member of Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference of Heze City, and has been working as the chief general counsel for China Council of the Promotion for International Trade, Heze Branch since 2006. Ms. Li is also the vice director of Heze Lawyer Association Foreign Trade Department. Ms. Li received a master of law degree from Peking University in 2003. All of our directors hold their positions on the board until our next annual meeting of the shareholders and until their successors have been qualified after being elected or appointed. Officers serve at the discretion of the board of directors. Director Independence We intend to appoint three independent directors as required by Rule 5605(a)(2) of the NASDAQ Capital Market. 52 Arrangements Regarding Nomination for Election to the Board of Directors The underwriting agreement with our underwriter, Rodman & Renshaw, LLC, referred to herein as Rodman, will provide that we will permit Rodman to either (i) designate one individual who meets the independence criteria of NASDAQ Capital Market to serve on our Board of Directors for the three-year period following the closing of this offering or (ii) in the event that the individual designated by Rodman is not elected to the Board of Directors, have a representative of Rodman attend all meetings of the Board of Directors as an observer during such three-year period. Such director or observer, as the case may be, will attend meetings of the Board of Directors, receive all notices and other correspondence and communications sent by us to our directors, and such director will receive compensation equal to the highest compensation of other non-employee directors, excluding the Chairman of the Audit Committee. We expect to appoint a designee of Rodman to our Board of Directors prior to or upon closing of this offering. Board Committees We intend to establish the following committees: an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Members will serve on these committees until their resignation or until otherwise determined by our Board of Directors. Family Relationships Mr. Jinliang Li, our Chief Executive Officer and a director, is the father of Mr. Jiawei Li, one of our directors. Other than such relationship, there are no other family relationships among our directors and executive officers. There is no arrangement or understanding between or among our executive officers and directors pursuant to which any director or officer was or is to be selected as a director or officer, and there is no arrangement, plan or understanding as to whether non-management shareholders will exercise their voting rights to continue to elect the current board of directors. 53 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The following Summary Compensation Table shows the compensation awarded to or earned by our Chief Executive Officer for fiscal 2009 and 2008. No person had compensation in excess of $100,000 during 2009. Also shown is the compensation awarded to or earned by our former President and Chief Executive Officer due to the fact that he held such positions during a portion of fiscal 2009. The persons listed in the following Summary Compensation Table are referred to herein as the “Named Executive Officers.” Name and Principal Position Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Timothy Lightman 2009 -0- -0- -0- -0- (former President CEO and Director)(1) 2008 1,000 -0- -0- 1000 Jinliang Li 2009 12,302 -0- -0- 12,302 (CEO and Director) (2) 2008 12,302 -0- -0- 12,302 (1) Mr. Lightman resigned as a president, CEO and Director, effective November 5, 2009. (2) Mr. Jinliang Li was appointed our Chief Executive Officer and Director on November 5, 2009, Mr. Li’s base salary is RMB 7,000/month, or RMB 84,000 per annum year. Compensation for 2008 and 2009 includes compensation earned as the CEO and director of the operating company prior to the reverse merger in November 2009. Compensation Discussion and Analysis It is intended that each member of our board of directors who is not our employee (a “non-employee director”) will receive an annual retainer in cash and/or shares of common stock as determined by our board of directors and all directors will be reimbursed for costs and expenses related to attendance at meetings of the board of directors. Our employee directors will not receive any additional compensation for serving on our board of directors or any committee of our board of directors, and our non-employee directors will not receive any compensation from us for their roles as directors other than the retainer, attendance fees and stock option grants described above. It is not uncommon for PRC private companies in China to have base salaries as the sole form of compensation. The base salary level is established and reviewed based on the level of responsibilities, the experience and tenure of the individual and the current and potential contributions of the individual. The base salary is compared to the list of similar positions within comparable peer companies and consideration is given to the executive’s relative experience in his or her position. Base salaries are reviewed periodically and at the time of promotion or other changes in responsibilities. We plan to implement a more comprehensive compensation program, which takes into account other elements of compensation, including, without limitation, short and long term compensation, cash and non-cash, and other equity-based compensation such as stock options. We expect that this compensation program will be comparable to the programs of our peer companies and aimed to retain and attract talented individuals. As discussed above, we also have formed a compensation committee to oversee the compensation of our named executive officers. The majority of the members of the compensation committee are independent directors. Employment Agreements Tianwei International Limited, our wholly owned subsidiary, entered into an employment agreement with Jinliang Li on August 15, 2009, pursuant to which Mr. Jinliang Li was hired as the chairman of Tianwei International Limited and received an annual salary of $12,302 per year in 2009. Shandong entered into an employment agreement with each of Jiawei Li, Zhiqiang Zhong, Zhiyu Wang, pursuant to which such persons were employed by Shandong as its marketing manager, production manager and chief financial officer, respectively. Messrs. Jiawei Li, Zhong and Wang received an annual salary of $5,273per year, pursuant to such employment agreements. All such employment agreements are “at-will” agreements. 54 In March 2010, Mr. Zhiyu Wang resigned as the CFO for China Shandong Industries, but will continue to serve as the CFO of Shandong. We entered into an employment agreement with Ms. Yuhong Lei on March 30, 2010, pursuant to which Ms. Lei was hired as our CFO and would receive an annual salary of RMB 360,000, or approximately $52,738. Director Compensation During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009, we did not pay our directors compensation for their service on our Board of Directors. Indemnification of Officers and Directors Our amended certificate of incorporation limits the personal liability of directors for breach of fiduciary duty to the maximum extent permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, referred to herein as the “DGCL”. Our amended certificate of incorporation provides that no director will have personal liability to us or to our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty or other duty as a director. However, these provisions do not eliminate or limit the liability of any of our directors for any of the following: · any breach of their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders; · acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; · voting or assenting to unlawful payments of dividends or other distributions; or · any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. Any amendment to or repeal of these provisions will not eliminate or reduce the effect of these provisions in respect of any act or failure to act, or any cause of action, suit or claim that would accrue or arise prior to any amendment or repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision. If the DGCL is amended to provide for further limitations on the personal liability of directors of corporations, then the personal liability of our directors will be further limited in accordance with the DGCL. In addition, our amended certificate of incorporation provides that we must indemnify our directors and officers and we must advance expenses, including attorneys’ fees, to our directors and officers in connection with legal proceedings, subject to very limited exceptions. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS Our founder, Timothy Lightman, purchased 14,775,000 shares of our common stock, upon our formation, for an aggregate price of $98.50, and on November 6, 2009, he cancelled 13,125,000 shares of our common stock and acquired all of our assets related to our prior business and assumed all of our liabilities. 55 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth certain information, as of April 19, 2010 and as adjusted to reflect the sale of our common stock in this offering, with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock by (i) each of our directors and named executive officers, (ii) all of our directors and executive officers as a group, and (iii) each person, or group of affiliated persons, known to us to beneficially own more than 5% of our common stock. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with SEC rules and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Unless otherwise indicated, the stockholders listed in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares indicated. The table below lists the number of shares of our common stock and percentage of shares beneficially owned prior to this offering based on 25,725,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of April 19, 2010. The table also lists the number of shares of our common stock and percentage of shares beneficially owned after this offering based on shares of our common stock outstanding upon completion of this offering, assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ warrants or over-allotment option. For purposes of the table below, we treat shares of our common stock subject to options or warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days after April 19, 2010 to be outstanding and to be beneficially owned by the person holding the options or warrants for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of the person, but we do not treat the shares as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other stockholder. Except as otherwise set forth below, the address of each of the persons or entities listed in the table is c/o China Shandong Industries, Inc., No. 2888 Qinghe Road, Development Zone Cao County, Shandong Province, 274400 China. Shares Beneficially Owned Prior to Offering Shares Beneficially Owned After the Offering (1) Name Number Percentage Number Percentage Named Executive Officers and Directors: Jinliang Li (Director and CEO) (2) 22,226,400 86.4 % % Jiawei Li (Director) (2) 1,080,450 4.2 % % Yuhong Lei (CFO) 20,000 * * Aihua Li (General Counsel and Corporate Secretary) 0 0 % % Zhiyu Wang (CFO of Shandong) (2) 1,106,175 4.3 % % All executive officers and directors as a group (5 persons) (2) 24,413,025 86.4 % % 5% Stockholders: CAOPU Enterprise Limited (2) Mill Mall, Suite 6, Wickhams Cay 1 PO Box 3085, Road Town Tortola, British Virgin Islands 22,226,400 86.4 % % * Less than one percent (1) Assumes no exercise of the (i) underwriters over-allotment option, and/or (ii) the underwriters’ warrants. 56 (2) Includes 22,226,400 shares of our common stock owned by CAOPU Enterprise Limited. CAOPU Enterprise Limited acquired such shares pursuant to the Stock Exchange and Reorganization Agreement dated as of October 22, 2009. Mr. Jinliang Li is the sole shareholder of CAOPU Enterprise Limited and may be deemed to beneficially own the shares of common stock owned by CAOPU. Such number of shares also includes 1,080, 450 shares of our common stock owned by Jiawei Li, the son of Mr. Jinliang Li, and 8,026,200 shares of our common stock owned by other eight (8) persons (including, but not limited to, Zhiyu Wang, the CFO of Shandong) pursuant to agreements between CAOPU Enterprise Limited and each of such persons as described elsewhere herein. Although Mr. Li has no pecuniary interest in such 9,106,650 shares of our common stock beneficially owned by such 9 minority shareholders, by reason of Mr. Li’s sole ownership of CAOPU Enterprise Limited. Mr. Li has sole voting and dispositive power over such 9,106,650 shares. 57 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES The following is a summary description of our capital stock and certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and by-laws, copies of which have been filed as exhibits to our registration statements of which this prospectus forms a part. The following discussion is qualified in its entirety by reference to such exhibits. General We are authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of our common stock, par value $.0001 per share and 5,000,000 shares of our preferred stock. Common Stock As of April 19, 2010, there were 25,725,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding, which were held of record by approximately 29 share holders. Holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share on matters on which our stockholders vote. There are no cumulative voting rights. Subject to any preferential dividend rights of any outstanding shares of preferred stock, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends, if declared by our Board of Directors, out of funds that we may legally use to pay dividends. If we liquidate or dissolve, holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably in our assets once our debts and any liquidation preference owed to any then-outstanding preferred stockholders are paid. Our certificate of incorporation does not provide our common stock with any redemption, conversion or preemptive rights. All shares of our common stock that are outstanding as of the date of this prospectus and, upon issuance and sale, all shares we are selling in this offering, will be fully-paid and nonassessable. Preferred Stock Our Board of Directors has the authority, without further stockholder authorization, to issue from time to time shares of our preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the terms, limitations, relative rights and preferences and variations of each series. Although we have no present plans to issue any shares of our preferred stock, the issuance of shares of our preferred stock, or the issuance of rights to purchase such shares, could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to the holders of our common stock, could adversely affect the rights and powers, including voting rights, of our common stock, and could have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control of us or an unsolicited acquisition proposal. As of the date thereof, we have no preferred stock issued and outstanding and no current plans to issue any our preferred stock. Underwriters’ Warrants We have also agreed to issue to the underwriters of this offering warrants to purchase such number of shares of our common stock equal to 5% of the aggregated number of shares of our common stock sold in this offering. The warrants will have an exercise price equal to 125% of the offering price sold in this offering and may be exercised on a cashless basis. The warrants are exercisable commencing one year after the closing of this public offering, and will be exercisable for four years thereafter. The warrants are not redeemable by us. The warrants and the shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants have been deemed compensation by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”), and, are, therefore, subject to a 180-day lock-up pursuant to Rule 5110(g)(1) of FINRA. The underwriters (or permitted assignees under the Rule) may not sell, transfer, assign, pledge, or hypothecate the warrants or shares of our common stock underlying the warrants, nor will they engage in any hedging, short sale, derivative, put, or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of the warrants or our shares of common stock underlying the warrants for a period of 180 days from the date of this prospectus. The warrants will provide for adjustment in the number and price of shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants in the event of recapitalization, merger or other structural transaction to prevent mechanical dilution. Demand Registration Rights The underwriters’ warrants provide for demand registration rights for the sale of our common stock underlying such warrants. Holders will have one demand registration right at our expense, and a second demand registration right which will be at the expense of the holders of the underwriters’ warrants. 58 Piggyback Registration Rights The underwriters’ warrants also provide for piggyback registration rights for the sale of our common stock underlying such warrants. Under these provisions, during the seven year period following the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, if we register any securities for public sale, including pursuant to any stockholder-initiated demand registration, these holders will have the right to include their shares of our common stock in the registration statement, subject to customary exceptions. The underwriters of any underwritten offering will have the right to limit the number of shares of our common stock having registration rights to be included in the registration statement, and piggyback registration rights are also subject to the priority rights of stockholders having demand registration rights in any demand registration. Expenses of Registration We will pay all registration expenses related to one demand, and any piggyback registration, other than underwriting discounts and commissions and any professional fees or costs of accounting, financial or legal advisors to any of the holders of registrable securities. Delaware Anti-Takeover Law We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL. In general, Section 203 prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in a “business combination” with an “interested stockholder” for a three-year period following the time that this stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A “business combination” includes, among other things, a merger, asset or stock sale or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. An “interested stockholder” is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or did own within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status, 15% or more of the corporation’s voting stock. Under Section 203, a business combination between a corporation and an interested stockholder is prohibited unless it satisfies one of the following conditions: · before the stockholder became interested, the Board of Directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; · upon completion of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers, and employee stock plans, in some instances; or · at or after the time the stockholder became interested, the business combination was approved by the Board of Directors of the corporation and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. Our Corporate Charter Documents Our amended certificate of incorporation and bylaws include provisions that are intended to enhance the likelihood of continuity and stability in our Board of Directors and in its policies. These provisions might have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control and may make the removal of incumbent management more difficult even if such transactions could be beneficial to the interests of stockholders. These provisions will be described in an amendment to this registration statement. Listing We intend to apply for listing of our common stock on NASDAQ Capital Market. The common stock will begin trading on or promptly after the effective date of this prospectus. Transfer Agent The transfer agent for our common stock is Colonial Stock Transfer Company, Inc., 66 Exchange Place - Suite 100, Salt Lake City, UT 84111, Phone: (801) 355-5740. 59 SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE Prior to this offering, there has been a limited public market for our common stock, and we cannot assure you that a significant public market for our common stock will develop or be sustained after this offering. As described below, no shares currently outstanding will be available for sale immediately after this offering due to certain contractual and securities law restrictions on resale. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market after the restrictions lapse could cause the prevailing market price to decline and limit our ability to raise equity capital in the future. Immediately after this offering, we will have shares of our common stock issued outstanding, or shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full. Of these shares, shares sold in this offering, or shares if the over-allotment option is exercised in full, will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares of our common stock purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. As of April 19, 2010, 23,152,500 shares of our outstanding common stock are restricted securities as that term is defined in Rule 144. Restricted securities may be sold in the public market only if registered or if they qualify for an exemption from registration under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act. None of those shares of common stock will be eligible for sale under Rule 144 prior to November 6, 2010. Rule 144 The availability of Rule 144 will vary depending on whether restricted shares are held by an affiliate or a non-affiliate. In general, under Rule 144 as in effect on the date of this prospectus, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale. Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of either of the following: · 1% of the number of shares of common stock then outstanding, which will equal shares immediately after this offering (assuming no exercise of the underwriter’s over-allotment option.); and · the average weekly trading volume of our common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. Prior to our acquisition of Tainwei on November 6, 2009, we were a “shell” company as defined under Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Because we were a shell company, holders of our restricted securities may not rely on Rule 144 to sell their securities until November 6, 2010, which is 12 months after the filing of the Current Report on Form 8-K reporting the closing of the acquisition. In addition, any sales by affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and the availability of current public information about us. Registration Rights After the completion of this offering, the holders of shares of common stock sold in the offering will be entitled to the registration rights described in the section titled “Description of Capital Stock — Registration Rights.” Following the expiration of the lock-up period, registration of these shares under the Securities Act would result in the shares becoming freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act immediately upon the effectiveness of the registration, except for shares purchased by our affiliates. 60 MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS General The following is a summary of the material U.S. federal income tax consequences to an investor of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our common stock purchased by the investor pursuant to this offering. As used in this discussion, “we”, “our” and “us” refers only to China Shandong Industries, Inc. The discussion below of the U.S. federal income tax consequences to “U.S. Holders” will apply to a beneficial owner of our common stock that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: · an individual citizen or resident of the United States; · a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation) that is created or organized (or treated as created or organized) in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; · an estate whose income is includible in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes regardless of its source; or · a trust if (i) a U.S. court can exercise primary supervision over the trust’s administration and one or more U.S. persons are authorized to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or (ii) it has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations to be treated as a U.S. person. If a beneficial owner of our common stock is not described as a U.S. Holder and is not an entity treated as a partnership or other pass-through entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such owner will be considered a “Non-U.S. Holder.” The material U.S. federal income tax consequences applicable to Non-U.S. Holders is described below under the heading “Non-U.S. Holders.” This summary is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the “Code,” its legislative history, Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, published rulings and court decisions, all as currently in effect. These authorities are subject to change or differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis. This discussion does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to any particular holder based on such holder’s individual circumstances. In particular, this discussion considers only holders that own our common stock as capital assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code, and does not address the potential application of the Medicare contribution tax on certain unearned income or the alternative minimum tax. In addition, this discussion does not address the U.S. federal income tax consequences to holders that are subject to special rules, including: · financial institutions or financial services entities; · broker-dealers; · taxpayers who have elected mark-to-market accounting; · tax-exempt entities; · governments or agencies or instrumentalities thereof; · insurance companies; · regulated investment companies; · real estate investment trusts; · certain expatriates or former long-term residents of the United States; · persons that actually or constructively own 5 percent or more of our voting stock; · persons that acquired our common stock pursuant to an exercise of employee stock options, in connection with employee stock incentive plans or otherwise as compensation; · persons that hold our common stock as part of a straddle, constructive sale, hedging, conversion or other integrated transaction; or · persons whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar. This discussion does not address any aspect of U.S. federal non-income tax laws, such as gift or estate tax laws, or state, local or non-U.S. tax laws or, except as discussed herein, any tax reporting obligations of a holder of our common stock. This discussion assumes that any distributions made (or deemed made) by us on our common stock and any consideration received by a holder in consideration for the sale or other disposition of our common stock will be in United States dollars. Additionally, the discussion does not consider the tax treatment of partnerships or other pass-through entities or persons who hold our common stock through such entities. If a partnership (or other entity classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) is the beneficial owner of our common stock, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will generally depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. 61 We have not sought, and will not seek, a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) or an opinion of counsel as to any U.S. federal income tax consequence described herein. The IRS may disagree with the description herein, and its determination may be upheld by a court. Moreover, there can be no assurance that future legislation, regulations, administrative rulings or court decisions will not adversely affect the accuracy of the statements in this discussion. THIS DISCUSSION IS ONLY A SUMMARY OF CERTAIN MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE ACQUISITION, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR COMMON STOCK. IT IS NOT TAX ADVICE. EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IN OUR COMMON STOCK IS URGED TO CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES TO SUCH INVESTOR OF THE ACQUISITION, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR COMMON STOCK, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF ANY STATE, LOCAL, AND NON-U.S. TAX LAWS, AS WELL AS U.S. FEDERAL TAX LAWS, AND ANY APPLICABLE TAX TREATIES. U.S. Holders Taxation of Distributions A U.S. Holder generally will be required to include in gross income as ordinary income the amount of any cash dividend paid on the shares of our common stock. A cash distribution on such shares generally will be treated as a dividend for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent the distribution is paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles). Such cash distributions in excess of such earnings and profits generally will constitute a return of capital that will be applied against and reduce (but not below zero) the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in our common stock. Any remaining excess generally will be treated as gain from the sale or other disposition of the common stock and will be treated as described under “—Taxation on the Disposition of Common Stock” below. Any dividends we pay to a U.S. Holder that is treated as a taxable corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes generally will qualify for the dividends-received deduction if the applicable holding period and other requirements are satisfied. With certain exceptions, if the applicable holding period and other requirements are satisfied, dividends we pay to a non-corporate U.S. Holder generally will constitute “qualified dividends” that will be subject to tax at the maximum regular tax rate accorded to long-term capital gains for tax years beginning on or before December 31, 2010, after which the regular U.S. federal income tax rate applicable to dividends is scheduled to return to the regular tax rate generally applicable to ordinary income. If PRC taxes apply to any dividends paid to a U.S. Holder on our common stock, such taxes may be treated as foreign taxes eligible for credit against such holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability (subject to certain limitations), and such U.S. Holder may be entitled to certain benefits under the income tax treaty between the United States and the PRC. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the creditability of any such PRC tax and their eligibility for the benefits of the income tax treaty between the United States and the PRC. Taxation on the Disposition of Common Stock Upon a sale or other taxable disposition of our common stock, a U.S. Holder generally will recognize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized and the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the common stock. The regular U.S. federal income tax rate on capital gains recognized by U.S. Holders generally is the same as the regular U.S. federal income tax rate on ordinary income, except that long-term capital gains recognized by non-corporate U.S. Holders are generally subject to U.S. federal income tax at a maximum regular rate of 15 percent for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2011 (and 20 percent thereafter). Capital gain or loss will constitute long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder’s holding period for the common stock exceeds one year. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to various limitations. If PRC taxes apply to any gain from the disposition of our common stock by a U.S. Holder, such taxes may be treated as foreign taxes eligible for credit against such holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability (subject to certain limitations), and such U.S. Holder may be entitled to certain benefits under the income tax treaty between the United States and the PRC. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the creditability of any such PRC tax and their eligibility for the benefits of the income tax treaty between the United States and the PRC. 62 Non-U.S. Holders Taxation of Distributions Any cash distribution we make to a Non-U.S. Holder of shares of our common stock, to the extent paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles), generally will constitute a dividend for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Unless we are treated as an “80/20 company” for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as described below, any such dividend paid to a Non-U.S. Holder with respect to shares of our common stock that is not effectively connected with the Non-U.S. Holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the United States, as described below, generally will be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax at a rate of 30 percent of the gross amount of the dividend, unless such Non-U.S. Holder is eligible for a reduced rate of withholding tax under an applicable income tax treaty and provides proper certification of its eligibility for such reduced rate (usually on an IRS Form W-8BEN). In satisfying the foregoing withholding obligation with respect to a cash distribution, we may withhold up to 30 percent of either (i) the gross amount of the entire distribution, even if the amount of the distribution is greater than the amount constituting a dividend, as described above, or (ii) the amount of the distribution we project will be a dividend, based upon a reasonable estimate of both our current and our accumulated earnings and profits for the taxable year in which the distribution is made. If U.S. federal income tax is withheld on the amount of a distribution in excess of the amount constituting a dividend, the Non-U.S. Holder may obtain a refund of all or a portion of the excess amount withheld by timely filing a claim for refund with the IRS. Any such distribution not constituting a dividend generally will be treated, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, first as reducing the Non-U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in its shares of our common stock (but not below zero) and, to the extent such distribution exceeds the Non-U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis, as gain from the sale or other disposition of the common stock, which will be treated as described under “—Taxation on the Disposition of Common Stock” below. There is a possibility that we may qualify as an “80/20 company” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In general, a U.S. corporation is an 80/20 company if at least 80 percent of its gross income earned directly or from subsidiaries during an applicable testing period is “active foreign business income.” The 80 percent test is applied on a periodic basis. If we qualify as an 80/20 company, a percentage of any dividend paid by us generally will not be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax. A Non-U.S. Holder should consult with its own tax advisors regarding the amount of any such dividend subject to withholding tax in this circumstance. Cash Dividends we pay to a Non-U.S. Holder that are effectively connected with such Non-U.S. Holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the United States (and, if certain income tax treaties apply, are attributable to a U.S. permanent establishment or fixed base maintained by the Non-U.S. Holder) generally will not be subject to U.S. withholding tax, provided such Non-U.S. Holder complies with certain certification and disclosure requirements (usually by providing an IRS Form W-8ECI). Instead, such dividends generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax, net of certain deductions, at the same graduated individual or corporate tax rates applicable to U.S. persons. If the Non-U.S. Holder is a corporation, such dividends that are effectively connected income may also be subject to a “branch profits tax” at a rate of 30 percent (or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty). Taxation on the Disposition of Common Stock A Non-U.S. Holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax in respect of gain recognized on a sale, exchange or other disposition of our common stock, unless: · the gain is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business by the Non-U.S. Holder within the U.S. (and, under certain income tax treaties, is attributable to a U.S. permanent establishment or fixed base maintained by the Non-U.S. Holder); · the Non-U.S. Holder is an individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of disposition and certain other conditions are met; or · we are or have been a “United States real property holding corporation” (“USRPHC”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes at any time during the shorter of the five year period ending on the date of disposition or the Non-U.S. Holder’s holding period for the common stock disposed of, and, generally, in the case where our common stock is regularly traded on an established securities market, the Non-U.S. Holder has owned, directly or indirectly, more than 5 percent of our common stock at any time during the shorter of the five year period ending on the date of disposition or the Non-U.S. Holder’s holding period for the common stock disposed of. There can be no assurance that our common stock will be treated as regularly traded on an established securities market for this purpose. Unless an applicable tax treaty provides otherwise, gain described in the first and third bullet points above generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax, net of certain deductions, at the same tax rates applicable to U.S. persons. Any gains described in the first bullet point above of a Non-U.S. Holder that is a foreign corporation may also be subject to an additional “branch profits tax” at a 30 percent rate (or a lower applicable tax treaty rate). Any U.S. source capital gain of a Non-U.S. Holder described in the second bullet point above (which may be offset by U.S. source capital losses during the taxable year of the disposition) generally will be subject to a flat 30 percent U.S. federal income tax (or a lower applicable tax treaty rate). In connection with the third bullet point above, we generally will be classified as a USRPHC if (looking through certain subsidiaries) the fair market value of our “United States real property interests” equals or exceeds 50 percent of the sum of the fair market value of our worldwide real property interests plus our other assets used or held for use in a trade or business, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We do not believe that we currently are a USRPHC, and we do not anticipate becoming a USRPHC (although no assurance can be given that we will not become a USRPHC in the future). Nevertheless, Non-U.S. Holders, particularly those Non-U.S. Holders that could be treated as actually or constructively holding more than 5 percent of our common stock, should consult their own tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of owning and disposing of our common stock. 63 Information Reporting and Backup Withholding We generally must report annually to the IRS and to each holder the amount of dividends and certain other distributions we pay to such holder on our common stock and the amount of tax, if any, withheld with respect to those distributions. In the case of a Non-U.S. Holder, copies of the information returns reporting those distributions and withholding may also be made available to the tax authorities in the country in which the Non-U.S. Holder is a resident under the provisions of an applicable income tax treaty or agreement. Information reporting is also generally required with respect to proceeds from the sales and other dispositions of our common stock to or through the United States office (and in certain cases, the foreign office) of a broker. In addition, backup withholding of U.S. federal income tax, currently at a rate of 28 percent, generally will apply to distributions made on our common stock to, and the proceeds from sales and other dispositions of our common stock by, a non-corporate U.S. Holder who: · fails to provide an accurate taxpayer identification number; · is notified by the IRS that backup withholding is required; or · in certain circumstances, fails to comply with applicable certification requirements. A Non-U.S. Holder generally may eliminate the requirement for information reporting (other than with respect to distributions, as described above) and backup withholding by providing certification of its foreign status, under penalties of perjury, on a duly executed applicable IRS Form W-8 or by otherwise establishing an exemption. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the amount of any backup withholding will be allowed as a credit against a U.S. Holder’s or a Non-U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle such holder to a refund, provided that certain required information is timely furnished to the IRS. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the application of backup withholding and the availability of and procedure for obtaining an exemption from backup withholding in their particular circumstances. MATERIAL PRC INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS The following discussion summarizes the material PRC income tax considerations relating to the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our common stock, purchased by an investor pursuant to this offering. As used in this discussion, “we”, “our” and “us” refers only to China Shandong Industries, Inc. Resident Enterprise Treatment On March 16, 2007, the Fifth Session of the Tenth National People’s Congress passed the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC (“EIT Law”), which became effective on January 1, 2008. Under the EIT Law, enterprises are classified as “resident enterprises” and “non-resident enterprises.” Pursuant to the EIT Law and its implementing rules, enterprises established outside China whose “de facto management bodies” are located in China are considered “resident enterprises” and subject to the uniform 25 percent enterprise income tax rate on worldwide income. According to the implementing rules of the EIT Law, “de facto management body” refers to a managing body that in practice exercises overall management control over the production and business, personnel, accounting and assets of an enterprise. On April 22, 2009, the State Administration of Taxation issued the Notice on the Issues Regarding Recognition of Enterprises that is Domestically Controlled as PRC Resident Enterprises Based on the De Facto Management Body Criteria, which was retroactively effective as of January 1, 2008. This notice provides that an overseas incorporated enterprise that is controlled domestically will be recognized as a “tax-resident enterprise” if it satisfies all of the following conditions: (i) the senior management responsible for daily production/business operations are primarily located in the PRC, and the location(s) where such senior management execute their responsibilities are primarily in the PRC; (ii) strategic financial and personnel decisions are made or approved by organizations or personnel located in the PRC; (iii) major properties, accounting ledgers, company seals and minutes of board meetings and stockholder meetings, etc., are maintained in the PRC; and (iv) 50 percent or more of the board members with voting rights or senior management habitually reside in the PRC. Given the short history of the EIT Law and lack of applicable legal precedent, it remains unclear how the PRC tax authorities will determine the PRC tax resident status of a company organized under the laws of a foreign (non-PRC) jurisdiction, such as us and Tianwei. If the PRC tax authorities determine that we and/or Tianwei are a “resident enterprise” for PRC enterprise income tax purposes, a number of tax consequences could follow. First, we and/or Tianwei could be subject to the enterprise income tax at a rate of 25 percent on our and/or Tianwei’s worldwide taxable income, as well as PRC enterprise income tax reporting obligations. Second, the EIT Law provides that dividend income between “qualified resident enterprises” is exempt from income tax. As a result, if we and Tianwei are treated as “qualified resident enterprises,” all dividends paid from Shandong to Tianwei and from Tianwei to us would be exempt from PRC tax. As of the date of this prospectus, there has not been a definitive determination as to the “resident enterprise” or “non-resident enterprise” status of us or Tianwei. However, since it is not anticipated that we or Tianwei would receive dividends or generate other income in the near future, neither we nor Tianwei are expected to have any income that would be subject to the 25 percent enterprise income tax on global income in the near future. We and Tianwei will make any necessary tax payment if we or Tianwei (based on future clarifying guidance issued by the PRC), or the PRC tax authorities, determine that either we or Tianwei are a resident enterprise under the EIT Law, and if we or Tianwei were to have income in the future. 64 Dividends From Shandong If Tianwei is not treated as a resident enterprise under the EIT Law, then dividends that Tianwei receives from Shandong may be subject to PRC withholding tax. The EIT Law and the implementing rules of the EIT Law provide that (A) an income tax rate of 25 percent will normally be applicable to investors that are “non-resident enterprises,” or non-resident investors, which (i) have an establishment or place of business inside the PRC, and (ii) have income in connection with their establishment or place of business that is sourced from the PRC or is earned outside the PRC but has an actual connection with their establishment or place of business inside the PRC, and (B) a PRC withholding tax at a rate of 10 percent will normally be applicable to dividends payable to non-resident investors which (i) do not have an establishment or place of business in the PRC or (ii) have an establishment or place of business in the PRC, but the relevant income is not effectively connected with such establishment or place of business, to the extent such dividends are derived from sources within the PRC. As described above, the PRC tax authorities may determine the resident enterprise status of entities organized under the laws of foreign jurisdictions on a case-by-case basis. We and Tianwei are holding companies and substantially all of our income and that of Tianwei may be derived from dividends. Thus, if we and/or Tianwei are considered a “non-resident enterprise” under the EIT Law and the dividends paid to us or Tianwei are considered income sourced within the PRC, such dividends received may be subject to PRC withholding tax as described in the foregoing paragraph. As of the date of this prospectus, there has not been a definitive determination as to the “resident enterprise” or “non-resident enterprise” status of us or Tianwei. As described above, however, Shandong is not expected to pay any dividends in the near future. We and Tianwei will make any necessary tax withholding if, in the future, Shandong were to pay any dividends and we or Tianwei (based on future clarifying guidance issued by the PRC), or the PRC tax authorities, determine that we or Tianwei is a non-resident enterprise under the EIT Law. Dividends that Non-PRC Resident Investors Receive From Us; Gain on the Sale or Transfer of Our Common Stock If dividends payable to (or gains recognized by) our non-resident investors are treated as income derived from sources within the PRC, then the dividends that non-resident investors receive from us and any such gain on the sale or transfer of our common stock may be subject to taxes under the PRC tax laws. Under the EIT Law and the implementing rules of the EIT Law, PRC withholding tax at the rate of 10 percent is applicable to dividends payable to non-resident investors which (i) do not have an establishment or place of business in the PRC or (ii) have an establishment or place of business in the PRC but the relevant income is not effectively connected with the establishment or place of business, to the extent that such dividends have their sources within the PRC. Similarly, any gain realized on the transfer of our common stock by such investors is also subject to 10 percent PRC income tax if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within the PRC. The dividends paid by us to non-resident investors with respect to our common stock, or gain non-resident investors may realize from the sale or transfer of our common stock, may be treated as PRC-sourced income and, as a result, may be subject to PRC tax at a rate of 10 percent. In such event, we may be required to withhold a 10 percent PRC tax on any dividends paid to non-resident investors. In addition, non-resident investors in our common stock may be responsible for paying PRC tax at a rate of 10 percent on any gain realized from the sale or transfer of our common stock if such non-resident investors and the gain satisfy the requirements under the EIT Law and its implementing rules. However, under the EIT Law and its implementing rules, we would not have an obligation to withhold PRC income tax in respect of the gains that non-resident investors (including U.S. investors) may realize from the sale or transfer of our common stock. If we were to pay any dividends in the future, and if we (based on future clarifying guidance issued by the PRC), or the PRC tax authorities, determine that we must withhold PRC tax on any dividends payable by us under the EIT Law, we will make any necessary tax withholding on dividends payable to our non-resident investors. If non-resident investors as described under the EIT Law (including U.S. investors) realize any gain from the sale or transfer of our common stock and if such gain were considered as PRC-sourced income, such non-resident investors would be responsible for paying 10 percent PRC income tax on the gain from the sale or transfer of our common stock. As indicated above, under the EIT Law and its implementing rules, we would not have an obligation to withhold PRC income tax in respect of the gains that non-resident investors (including U.S. investors) may realize from the sale or transfer of our common stock. On December 15, 2009, the State Administration of Taxation (“SAT”) released Circular Guoshuihan No. 698 (“Circular 698”) that reinforces the taxation of non-listed equity transfers by non-resident enterprises through overseas holding vehicles. Circular 698 addresses indirect share transfers as well as other issues. Circular 698 is retroactively effective from January 1 2008. According to Circular 698, where a foreign (non-PRC resident) who indirectly holds shares in a PRC resident enterprise through a non-PRC offshore holding company indirectly transfers equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise by selling the shares of the offshore holding company, and the latter is located in a country or jurisdiction where the effective tax burden is less than 12.5 percent or where the offshore income of his, her, or its residents is not taxable, the foreign investor is required to provide the PRC tax authority in charge of that PRC resident enterprise with certain relevant information within 30 days of the transfer. The tax authorities in charge will evaluate the offshore transaction for tax purposes. In the event that the tax authorities determine that such transfer is abusing forms of business organization and a reasonable commercial purpose for the offshore holding company other than the avoidance of PRC income tax liability is lacking, the PRC tax authorities will have the power to re-assess the nature of the equity transfer under the doctrine of substance over form. A reasonable commercial purpose may be established when the overall international (including U.S.) offshore structure is set up to comply with the requirements of supervising authorities of international (including U.S.) capital markets. If the SAT’s challenge of a transfer is successful, it may deny the existence of the offshore holding company that is used for tax planning purposes and subject the seller to PRC tax on the capital gain from such transfer. Since Circular 698 has a short history, there is uncertainty as to its application. We (or a foreign investor) may become at risk of being taxed under Circular 698 and may be required to expend valuable resources to comply with Circular 698 or to establish that we (or such foreign investor) should not be taxed under Circular 698, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations (or such foreign investor’s investment in us). Penalties for Failure to Pay Applicable PRC Income Tax Non-resident investors in us may be responsible for paying PRC tax at a rate of 10 percent on any gain realized from the sale or transfer of our common stock after the consummation of this offering if such non-resident investors and the gain satisfy the requirements under the EIT Law and its implementing rules, as described above. 65 According to the EIT Law and its implementing rules, the PRC Tax Administration Law (the “Tax Administration Law”) and its implementing rules, the Provisional Measures for the Administration of Withholding of Enterprise Income Tax for Non-resident Enterprises (the “Administration Measures”) and other applicable PRC laws or regulations (collectively the “Tax Related Laws”), where any gain derived by a non-resident investor from the sale or transfer of our common stock is subject to any income tax in the PRC, and such non-resident investor fails to file any tax return or pay tax in this regard pursuant to the Tax Related Laws, such investor may be subject to certain fines, penalties or punishments, including without limitation: (1) if a non-resident investor fails to file a tax return and present the relevant information in connection with tax payments, the competent tax authorities shall order it to do so within the prescribed time limit and may impose a fine up to RMB 2,000, and in egregious cases, may impose a fine ranging from RMB 2,000 to RMB 10,000; (2) if a non-resident investor fails to file a tax return or fails to pay all or part of the amount of tax payable, the non-resident investor shall be required to pay the unpaid tax amount payable, a surcharge on overdue tax payments (the daily surcharge is 0.05 percent) of the overdue amount, beginning from the day the deferral begins, and a fine ranging from 50 percent to 500 percent of the unpaid amount of the tax payable; (3) if a non-resident investor fails to file a tax return or pay the tax within the prescribed time limit according to the order by the PRC tax authorities, the PRC tax authorities may collect and check information about the income items of the non-resident investor in the PRC and other payers (the “Other Payers”) who will pay amounts to such non-resident investor, and send a “Notice of Tax Issues” to the Other Payers to collect and recover the tax payable and impose overdue fines on such non-resident investor from the amounts otherwise payable to such non-resident investor by the Other Payers; (4) if a non-resident investor fails to pay the tax payable within the prescribed time limit as ordered by the PRC tax authorities, a fine may be imposed on the non-resident investor ranging from 50 percent to 500 percent of the unpaid tax payable, and the PRC tax authorities may, upon approval by the director of the tax bureau (or sub-bureau) of, or higher than, the county level, take the following compulsory measures: (i) notify in writing the non-resident investor’s bank or other financial institution to withhold from the account thereof for payment of the amount of tax payable, and (ii) detain, seal off, or sell by auction or on the market the non-resident investor’s commodities, goods or other property in a value equivalent to the amount of tax payable; or (5) if the non-resident investor fails to pay all or part of the amount of tax payable or surcharge for overdue tax payment, and can not provide a guarantee to the tax authorities, the tax authorities may notify the frontier authorities to prevent the non-resident investor or its legal representative from leaving the PRC. 66 Underwriting We have entered into an underwriting agreement with Rodman & Renshaw, LLC regarding the common stock being offered under this prospectus. In connection with this offering and subject to certain conditions, Rodman & Renshaw, LLC has agreed to purchase, and we have agreed to sell, the number of shares set forth below. Underwriter Number of Shares of Common Stock Rodman & Renshaw, LLC Total The underwriting agreement provides that the underwriter is obligated to purchase all of the shares offered by this prospectus, other than those covered by the over-allotment option, if any shares are purchased. The underwriting agreement also provides that the underwriter’s obligations to pay for and accept delivery of the shares is subject to the approval of certain legal matters by counsel and other conditions, including, among other things, the requirements that no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the registration statement be in effect and that no proceedings for this purpose have been instituted or threatened by the SEC. The underwriter has advised us that it proposes to offer our common stock to the public initially at the offering price set forth on the cover page of this prospectus and to selected dealers at that price less a concession of not more than $0. per share. The underwriter and selected dealers may re-allow a concession to other dealers, including the underwriter, of not more than $0. per common share. After the public offering of the common stock complete, the offering price, the concessions to selected dealers and the re-allowance to their dealers may be changed by the underwriter. The underwriter has informed us that they do not expect to confirm sales of our common stock offered by this prospectus on a discretionary basis. Over-allotment Option. Pursuant to the underwriting agreement, we have granted the underwriter an option, exercisable for 45 days from the date of this prospectus, to purchase up to an additional shares on the same terms as the other shares being purchased by the underwriter from us. The option may be exercised solely to cover over-allotments, if any, in the sale of the shares that the underwriter has agreed to purchase. If the over-allotment option is exercised in full, the total public offering price, underwriting discount, offering expenses and net proceeds to us after offering expenses will be $ , $ , $ and $ , respectively. Stabilization and Other Transactions. The SEC rules generally prohibit the underwriter from trading in our securities on the open market during this offering. However, the underwriter is allowed to engage in some open market transactions and other activities during this offering that may cause the market price of our securities to be above or below that which would otherwise prevail in the open market. These activities may include stabilization, short sales and over-allotments, syndicate covering transactions and penalty bids. • Stabilizing transactions consist of bids or purchases made by the managing underwriter for the purpose of preventing or slowing a decline in the market price of our securities while this offering is in progress. • Short sales and over-allotments occur when the managing underwriter, on behalf of the underwriting syndicate, sells more of our shares than they purchase from us in this offering. In order to cover the resulting short position, the managing underwriter may exercise the over-allotment option described above and/or may engage in syndicate covering transactions. There is no contractual limit on the size of any syndicate covering transaction. The underwriters will deliver a prospectus in connection with any such short sales. Purchasers of shares sold short by the underwriters are entitled to the same remedies under the federal securities laws as any other purchaser of units covered by the registration statement. • Syndicate covering transactions are bids for or purchases of our securities on the open market by the managing underwriter on behalf of the underwriters in order to reduce a short position incurred by the managing underwriter on behalf of the underwriters. • A penalty bid is an arrangement permitting the managing underwriter to reclaim the selling concession that would otherwise accrue to an underwriter if the common stock originally sold by the underwriter were later repurchased by the managing underwriter and therefore was not effectively sold to the public by such underwriter. If the underwriter commences these activities, it may discontinue them at any time without notice. The underwriter may carry out these transactions on the Nasdaq Stock Market, in the over-the-counter market or otherwise. 67 Indemnification. The underwriting agreement provides for indemnification between us and the underwriter against specified liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, and for contribution by us and the underwriter to payments that may be required to be made with respect to those liabilities. We have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, indemnification for liabilities under the Securities Act is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. Underwriter’s Compensation. We have agreed to sell the shares to the underwriter at the initial offering price of $ per share, which represents the public offering price of the shares set forth on the cover page of this prospectus less a 7% underwriting discount. The underwriting agreement also provides that the underwriter will be paid a non-accountable expense allowance equal to 1% of the gross proceeds from the sale of the shares offered by this prospectus, but not the shares issuable upon exercise of the over-allotment option. The expenses for background checks, travel and lodging and due diligence are estimated at $ and are included in the accountable expenses. The underwriting agreement also provides that in the event the offering is terminated, the $ expense advance paid to the underwriter will be returned to the extent offering expenses are not actually incurred. On completion of this offering, we will sell to the underwriter for $100 warrants to purchase up to shares, exercisable at a price per share of $ , which is equal to % of the initial public offering price. The warrants will be exercisable for shares at any time beginning six months after the effective date of this offering, and will expire on the fifth anniversary of the effective date. To the extent not registered the holders of the warrants will have unlimited piggy-back registration rights to include the Company Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants as part of a registration filed by the Company subject to certain exceptions, at the Company’s expense for 7 years beginning one year from the effective date of this offering. To the extent not registered and available for resale, the holders of the warrants will have a one time demand right to cause us to register the common stock underlying the warrants at our expense for 4 years beginning one year from the effective date of this offering. Pursuant to the rules of Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), the warrants may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put, or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of effectiveness or commencement of sales of the offering, except to any member participating in the offering and the officers or partners thereof, or as otherwise permitted under FINRA Corporate Financing Rule. The holder of these warrants will have, in that capacity, no voting, dividend or other shareholder rights. Any profit realized on the sale of the shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants may be deemed to be additional underwriting compensation. The securities underlying these warrants are being registered pursuant to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part and we have agreed to maintain such registration during the term of these warrants. During the term of these warrants, the holder thereof is given the opportunity to profit from a rise in the market price of our common stock. We may find it more difficult to raise additional equity capital while these warrants are outstanding. At any time at which these warrants are likely to be exercised, we may be able to obtain additional equity capital on more favorable terms. The following table summarizes the underwriting discount and non-accountable expense allowance we will pay to the underwriter. These amounts are shown based on a selling price of $ per share and both no exercise and full exercise of the underwriter’s over-allotment option. Total Per share Without over-allotment With over-allotment Underwriting discount $ $ $ Non-accountable expense allowance $ Proceeds, before expenses (other than the non-accountable expense allowance), to us The other expenses of the offering that we must pay are estimated to be approximately $ . 68 Foreign Regulatory Restrictions on Purchase of the Common Stock No action may be taken in any jurisdiction other than the United States that would permit a public offering of the common stock or the possession, circulation or distribution of this prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, the common stock may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither the prospectus nor any other offering material or advertisements in connection with the common stock may be distributed or published in or from any country or jurisdiction except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable rules and regulations of any such country or jurisdiction. In addition to the public offering of the shares in the United States, the underwriter may, subject to the applicable foreign laws, also offer the common shares to certain institutions or accredited persons in the following countries: United Kingdom. No offer of shares of common stock has been made or will be made to the public in the United Kingdom within the meaning of Section 102B of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended, or FSMA, except to legal entities which are authorized or regulated to operate in the financial markets or, if not so authorized or regulated, whose corporate purpose is solely to invest in securities or otherwise in circumstances which do not require the publication by us of a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Rules of the Financial Services Authority, or FSA. Each underwriter: (i) has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of FSMA) to persons who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 or in circumstances in which Section 21 of FSMA does not apply to us; and (ii) has complied with, and will comply with all applicable provisions of FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to the shares in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. European Economic Area. In relation to each member state of the European Economic Area which has implemented the Prospectus Directive, which we refer to as a Relevant Member State, with effect from and including the date on which the Prospectus Directive is implemented in that Relevant Member State, which we refer to as the Relevant Implementation Date, no offer of common stock has been made and or will be made to the public in that Relevant Member State prior to the publication of a prospectus in relation to the common stock which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant Member State, all in accordance with the Prospectus Directive, except that, with effect from and including the Relevant Implementation Date, an offer of common stock may be made to the public in that Relevant Member State at any time: (a) to legal entities which are authorized or regulated to operate in the financial markets or, if not so authorized or regulated, whose corporate purpose is solely to invest in securities; (b) to any legal entity which has two or more of (i) an average of at least 250 employees during the last financial year; (ii) a total balance sheet of more than €43,000,000 and (iii) an annual net turnover of more than €50,000,000, as shown in its last annual or consolidated accounts; or (c) in any other circumstances which do not require the publication by us of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Directive. For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of ordinary shares to the public” in relation to any common stock in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the common stock to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the common stock, as the same may be varied in that Relevant Member State by any measure implementing the Prospectus Directive in that Relevant Member State and the expression Prospectus Directive means Directive 2003/71/ EC and includes any relevant implementing measure in each Relevant Member State. Germany. Any offer or solicitation of common stock within Germany must be in full compliance with the German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz — WpPG). The offer and solicitation of securities to the public in Germany requires the approval of the prospectus by the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt fr Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht — BaFin). This prospectus has not been and will not be submitted for approval to the BaFin. This prospectus does not constitute a public offer under the German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz). This prospectus and any other document relating to the common stock, as well as any information contained therein, must therefore not be supplied to the public in Germany or used in connection with any offer for subscription of the common stock to the public in Germany, any public marketing of the common stock or any public solicitation for offers to subscribe for or otherwise acquire the common stock. The prospectus and other offering materials relating to the offer of the common stock are strictly confidential and may not be distributed to any person or entity other than the designated recipients hereof. Greece. This prospectus has not been approved by the Hellenic Capital Markets Commission or another EU equivalent authority and consequently is not addressed to or intended for use, in any way whatsoever, by Greek residents. The common stock have not been offered or sold and will not be offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly in Greece, except to (i) “qualified investors” (as defined in article 2(f) of Greek Law 3401/2005) and/or to (ii) less than 100 individuals or legal entities, who are not qualified investors (article 3, paragraph 2(b) of Greek Law 3401/2005), or otherwise in circumstances which will not result in the offer of the new common stock being subject to the Greek Prospectus requirements of preparing a filing a prospectus (under articles 3 and 4 of Greek Law 3401/2005). 69 Italy. This offering of the common stock has not been cleared by Consob, the Italian Stock Exchanges regulatory agency of public companies, pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no common stock may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this prospectus or of any other document relating to the common stock be distributed in Italy, except (1) to professional investors (operatori qualificati); or (2) in circumstances which are exempted from the rules on solicitation of investments pursuant to Decree No. 58 and Article 33, first paragraph, of Consob Regulation No. 11971 of May 14, 1999, as amended. Any offer, sale or delivery of the common stock or distribution of copies of this prospectus or any other document relating to the common stock in Italy under (1) or (2) above must be (i) made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in accordance with the Decree No. 58 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of September 1, 1993, or the Banking Act; and (ii) in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which the issue or the offer of securities in Italy may need to be preceded and followed by an appropriate notice to be filed with the Bank of Italy depending, inter alia, on the aggregate value of the securities issued or offered in Italy and their characteristics; and (iii) in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations. Cyprus. Each of the Underwriters has agreed that (i) it will not be providing from or within Cyprus any “Investment Services”, “Investment Activities” and “Non-Core Services” (as such terms are defined in the Investment Firms Law 144(I) of 2007, (the “IFL”) in relation to the common stock, or will be otherwise providing Investment Services, Investment Activities and Non-Core Services to residents or persons domiciled in Cyprus. Each underwriter has agreed that it will not be concluding in Cyprus any transaction relating to such Investment Services, Investment Activities and Non-Core Services in contravention of the IFL and/or applicable regulations adopted pursuant thereto or in relation thereto; and (ii) it has not and will not offer any of the common stock other than in compliance with the provisions of the Public Offer and Prospectus Law, Law 114(I)/2005. Switzerland. This document does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of Art. 652a of the Swiss Code of Obligations. The common stock may not be sold directly or indirectly in or into Switzerland except in a manner which will not result in a public offering within the meaning of the Swiss Code of Obligations. Neither this document nor any other offering materials relating to the common stock may be distributed, published or otherwise made available in Switzerland except in a manner which will not constitute a public offer of the common stock of in Switzerland. Norway. This prospectus has not been approved or disapproved by, or registered with, the Oslo Stock Exchange, the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (Kredittilsynet) nor the Norwegian Registry of Business Enterprises, and the common stock are marketed and sold in Norway on a private placement basis and under other applicable exceptions from the offering prospectus requirements as provided for pursuant to the Norwegian Securities Trading Act. Botswana. The company hereby represents and warrants that it has not offered for sale or sold, and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly the common stock to the public in the Republic of Botswana, and confirms that the offering will not be subject to any registration requirements as a prospectus pursuant to the requirements and/or provisions of the Companies Act, 2003 or the Listing Requirements of the Botswana Stock Exchange. Hong Kong. The common stock may not be offered or sold by means of any document other than (i) in circumstances which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance (Cap.32, Laws of Hong Kong), or (ii) to “professional investors” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap.571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder, or (iii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance (Cap.32, Laws of Hong Kong), and no advertisement, invitation or document relating to the common stock may be issued or may be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere), which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to common stock which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder. Colombia. The common shares may not be offered or sold in the Republic of Colombia. Costa Rica. The common shares described in this prospectus have not been registered with the Superintendencia General de Valores de Costa Rica, nor any other regulatory body of Costa Rica. This Prospectus is intended to be for your personal use only, and is not intended to be a Public Offering of Securities, as defined under Costa Rican law. Panama. The common shares have not been registered with the National Securities Commission, nor has the offer, sale or transactions thereof been registered. The common shares are not under the supervision of the National Securities Commission. 70 Singapore. This prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the common stock may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the common stock be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore, or the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions, specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. Where the common stock are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 by a relevant person which is: (a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or (b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary is an accredited investor, shares, debentures and units of shares and debentures of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest in that trust shall not be transferable for 6 months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the common stock under Section 275 except: (i) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the SFA or to a relevant person, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions, specified in Section 275 of the SFA; (ii) where no consideration is given for the transfer or (iii) by operation of law. People’s Republic of China. This prospectus has not been and will not be circulated or distributed in the PRC, and common stock may not be offered or sold, and will not be offered or sold to any person for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, to any resident of the PRC except pursuant to applicable laws and regulations of the PRC. For the purpose of this paragraph only, the PRC does not include Taiwan and the special administrative regions of Hong Kong and Macau. Israel. This Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell the common stock to the public in Israel or a prospectus under the Israeli Securities Law, 5728-1968 and the regulations promulgated thereunder, or the Israeli Securities Law, and has not been filed with or approved by the Israel Securities Authority. In Israel, pursuant to an exemption afforded under the Israeli Securities Law, this Prospectus may be distributed only to, and may be directed only at, investors listed in the first addendum to the Israeli Securities Law, or the Addendum, consisting primarily of certain mutual trust and provident funds, or management companies thereto, banks, as defined under the Banking (Licensing) Law, 5741-1981, except for joint service companies purchasing for their own account or for clients listed in the Addendum, insurers, as defined under the Supervision of Financial Services Law (Insurance), 5741-1981, portfolio managers purchasing for their own account or for clients listed in the Addendum, investment advisers purchasing for their own account, Tel Aviv Stock Exchange members purchasing for their own account or for clients listed in the Addendum, underwriters purchasing for their own account, venture capital funds, certain corporations which primarily engage in the capital market and fully-owned by investors listed in the Addendum and corporations whose equity exceeds NIS250 Million, collectively referred to as institutional investors. Institutional investors may be required to submit written confirmation that they fall within the scope of the Addendum. United Arab Emirates. This document has not been reviewed, approved or licensed by the Central Bank of the United Arab Emirates (the “UAE”), Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority or any other relevant licensing authority in the UAE including any licensing authority incorporated under the laws and regulations of any of the free zones established and operating in the territory of the UAE, in particular the Dubai International Financial Services Authority (the “DFSA”), a regulatory authority of the Dubai International Financial Centre (the “DIFC”). The issue of common stock does not constitute a public offer of securities in the UAE, DIFC and/or any other free zone in accordance with the Commercial Companies Law, Federal Law No. 8 of 1984 (as amended), DFSA Offered Securities Rules and the Dubai International Financial Exchange Listing Rules, accordingly, or otherwise. The common stock may not be offered to the public in the UAE and/or any of the free zones including, in particular, the DIFC. The common stock may be offered and this document may be issued, only to a limited number of investors in the UAE or any of its free zones (including, in particular, the DIFC) who qualify as sophisticated investors under the relevant laws and regulations of the UAE or the free zone concerned. Management of the company, and the representatives represent and warrant that the common stock will not be offered, sold, transferred or delivered to the public in the UAE or any of its free zones including, in particular, the DIFC. Oman. For the attention of the residents of Oman: The information contained in this memorandum neither constitutes a public offer of securities in the Sultanate of Oman (“Oman”) as contemplated by the Commercial Companies Law of Oman (Sultani Decree 4/74) or the Capital Market Law of Oman (Sultani Decree 80/98), nor does it constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of any offer to buy non-Omani securities in Oman as contemplated by Article 6 of the Executive Regulations to the Capital Market Law of Oman (issued vide Ministerial Decision No 4/2001), and nor does it constitute a distribution of non-Omani securities in Oman as contemplated under the Rules for Distribution of Non-Omani Securities in Oman issued by the Capital Market Authority of Oman (“CMA”). Additionally, this memorandum is not intended to lead to the conclusion of any contract of whatsoever nature within the territory of Oman. This memorandum has been sent at the request of the investor in Oman, and by receiving this memorandum, the person or entity to whom it has been issued and sent understands, acknowledges and agrees that this memorandum has not been approved by the CMA or any other regulatory body or authority in Oman, nor has any authorization, license or approval been received from the CMA or any other regulatory authority in Oman, to market, offer, sell, or distribute the common stock within Oman. No marketing, offering, selling or distribution of any financial or investment products or services has been or will be made from within Oman and no subscription to any securities, products or financial services may or will be consummated within Oman. The Underwriters are neither companies licensed by the CMA to provide investment advisory, brokerage, or portfolio management services in Oman, nor banks licensed by the Central Bank of Oman to provide investment banking services in Oman. The Underwriters do not advise persons or entities resident or based in Oman as to the appropriateness of investing in or purchasing or selling securities or other financial products. Nothing contained in this memorandum is intended to constitute Omani investment, legal, tax, accounting or other professional advice. This memorandum is for your information only, and nothing herein is intended to endorse or recommend a particular course of action. You should consult with an appropriate professional for specific advice on the basis of your situation. Any recipient of this memorandum and any purchaser of the common stock pursuant to this memorandum shall not market, distribute, resell, or offer to resell the common stock within Oman without complying with the requirements of applicable Omani law, nor copy or otherwise distribute this memorandum to others. 71 Canada Resale Restrictions The distribution of our securities in Canada is being made only on a private placement basis exempt from the requirement that we prepare and file a prospectus with the securities regulatory authorities in each province where trades of our securities are made. Any resale of our securities in Canada must be made under applicable securities laws that will vary depending on the relevant jurisdiction, and which may require resales to be made under available statutory exemptions or under a discretionary exemption granted by the applicable Canadian securities regulatory authority. Purchasers are advised to seek legal advice prior to any resale of our securities. Representations of Purchasers By purchasing our securities in Canada and accepting a purchase confirmation a purchaser is representing to us and the dealer from whom the purchase confirmation is received that: • the purchaser is entitled under applicable provincial securities laws to purchase our securities without the benefit of a prospectus qualified under those securities laws; • where required by law, that the purchaser is purchasing as principal and not as agent; • the purchaser has reviewed the text above under Resale Restrictions; and • the purchaser acknowledges and consents to the provision of specified information concerning its purchase of our securities to the regulatory authority that by law is entitled to collect the information. Further details concerning the legal authority for this information are available on request. Rights of Action — Ontario Purchasers Only Under Ontario securities legislation, certain purchasers who purchase a security offered by this prospectus during the period of distribution will have a statutory right of action for damages, or while still the owner of our securities, for rescission against us in the event that this prospectus contains a misrepresentation without regard to whether the purchaser relied on the misrepresentation. The right of action for damages is exercisable not later than the earlier of 180 days from the date the purchaser first had knowledge of the facts giving rise to the cause of action and three years from the date on which payment is made for our securities. The right of action for rescission is exercisable not later than 180 days from the date on which payment is made for our securities. If a purchaser elects to exercise the right of action for rescission, the purchaser will have no right of action for damages against us. In no case will the amount recoverable in any action exceed the price at which our securities were offered to the purchaser and if the purchaser is shown to have purchased the securities with knowledge of the misrepresentation, we will have no liability. In the case of an action for damages, we will not be liable for all or any portion of the damages that are proven to not represent the depreciation in value of our securities as a result of the misrepresentation relied upon. These rights are in addition to, and without derogation from, any other rights or remedies available at law to an Ontario purchaser. The foregoing is a summary of the rights available to an Ontario purchaser. Ontario purchasers should refer to the complete text of the relevant statutory provisions. Enforcement of Legal Rights All of our directors and officers as well as the experts named herein may be located outside of Canada and, as a result, it may not be possible for Canadian purchasers to effect service of process within Canada upon us or those persons. All or a substantial portion of our assets and the assets of those persons may be located outside of Canada and, as a result, it may not be possible to satisfy a judgment against us or those persons in Canada or to enforce a judgment obtained in Canadian courts against us or those persons outside of Canada. 72 Taxation and Eligibility for Investment Canadian purchasers of our securities should consult their own legal and tax advisors with respect to the tax consequences of an investment in our securities in their particular circumstances and about the eligibility of our securities for investment by the purchaser under relevant Canadian legislation. LEGAL MATTERS Certain legal matters as to certain United States federal and New York law will be passed upon for us by Gusrae, Kaplan, Bruno & Nusbaum PLLC. Certain legal matters will be passed upon for the underwriters by Loeb & Loeb LLP, New York, New York. Legal matters as to PRC law will be passed upon for us by B&D Law Firm. Gusrae, Kaplan, Bruno & Nusbaum PLLC may rely upon B&D Law Firm with respect to matters governed by PRC law. EXPERTS Our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2008 and 2009 and Shandong’s financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2009 included in this prospectus and in the registration statement have been audited by Bongiovanni & Associates, C.P.A.'s, an independent registered public accounting firm, to the extent and for the periods set forth in their reports appearing elsewhere herein and in the registration statement, and are included in reliance on such reports, given the authority of said firm as an expert in auditing and accounting. The offices of Bongiovanni & Associates, C.P.A.'s are located at 19720 Jetton Road, 3 rd Floor, Cornelius, North Carolina 28031. WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION We have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act with respect to shares of common stock offered in this offering. This prospectus does not contain all of the information set forth in the registration statement. For further information with respect to us and the shares of our common stock, we refer you to the registration statement and to the attached exhibits. With respect to each such document filed as an exhibit to the registration statement, we refer you to the exhibit for a more complete description of the matters involved. You may inspect our registration statement and the attached exhibits and schedules without charge at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain copies of all or any part of our registration statement from the SEC upon payment of prescribed fees. You may obtain information on the operation of the public reference room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Our SEC filings, including the registration statement and the exhibits filed with the registration statement, are also available from the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov, which contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 73 CHINA SHANDONG INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (FKA MOBILE PRESENCE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.) Audited Consolidated Financial Statements For The Years Ended December 31, 2009 And 2008 (With Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Thereon) F-1 Index to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements Pages Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-3 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-4 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income F-5 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders’ Equity F-7 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 – F-20 F-2 BONGIOVANNI & ASSOCIATES, C.P.A.’s 19720 Jetton Road, 3 rd Floor Cornelius, North Carolina 28031 (USA) Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Director s of China Shandong Industries, Inc. (FKA Mobile Presence Technologies, Inc.) We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of China Shandong I ndustries, Inc. and it wholly owned subsidiaries (FKA Mobile Presence Technologies, Inc.) (“ The Company” ) as of Dec ember 31, 200 9 and 200 8 , and the consolidated statements of income , stockholders ’ equity and comprehensive income , and cash flows for the yea rs ended Dec ember 31, 200 9 and 200 8 . These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company ’ s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have nor were we engaged to perform an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness for the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of China Shandong Indust ries, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries (FKA Mobile Presence Technologies, Inc.) as of Dec ember 31, 200 9 and 200 8 , and the consolidated results of its operations and its consolidated cash flows for the years ended Dec ember 31, 2009 and 2008 , in confor mity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America . /s/ Bongiovanni & Associate s Bongiovanni & Associate s Certified Public Accountants Cornelius, North Carolina The United States of America Janu ary 22 , 2010 , except for Note 19, for which the date i s April 13, 2010 F-3 China Shandong Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries (FKA Mobile Presence Technologies, Inc.) Consolidated Balance Sheets As of December 31, 2009 and 2008 ASSETS 2009 2008 CURRENT ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents $ 2,185,839 $ 1,751,997 Trade accounts receivable 6,948,326 6,339,459 Inventories 17,527,584 17,336,566 Prepaid expenses 375,493 107,128 Deposits 767,204 — Other receivables 295,752 22,499 TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS $ 28,100,198 $ 25,557,649 FIXED ASSETS Property, plant, and equipment 10,755,341 10,374,947 Accumulated depreciation (3,331,407 ) (2,453,851 ) NET FIXED ASSETS $ 7,423,934 $ 7,921,096 OTHER ASSETS Construction in progress 6,940,632 6,372 TOTAL OTHER ASSETS $ 6,940,632 $ 6,372 TOTAL ASSETS $ 42,464,764 $ 33,485,117 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES Short-term borrowings $ 8,054,831 $ 5,946,962 Current portion of notes payable — 2,638,136 Accounts payable 240,289 362,549 Other payables and accrued liabilities 731,330 1,118,408 Deposits received in advance 56,849 160,074 Taxes payable 643,476 266,907 TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES $ 9,726,775 $ 10,493,036 TOTAL LIABILITIES $ 9,726,775 $ 10,493,036 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Preferred stock ($.0001 par value, 5,000,000 authorized, none issued and outstanding) $ — $ — Common stock ($.0001 par value, 100,000,000 authorized, 25,725,000 issued and outstanding) 2,573 2,573 Additional paid in capital 7,797,427 7,797,427 Statutory and discretionary surplus reserve 3,608,243 3,608,243 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (25,022 ) 216,500 Retained earnings 21,354,768 11,367,338 TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY $ 32,737,989 $ 22,992,081 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY $ 42,464,764 $ 33,485,117 See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements and auditors' report. F-4 China Shandong Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries (FKA Mobile Presence Technologies, Inc.) Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income For the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 2009 2008 Revenues Sales $ 59,549,572 $ 42,197,393 Cost of sales 42,186,937 31,570,829 Gross profits 17,362,635 10,626,565 Operating expenses Selling and marketing $ 831,245 $ 686,104 General and administrative 1,966,402 1,867,589 Total Operating Expenses 2,797,647 2,553,694 Income from continuing operations 14,564,988 8,072,871 Other income (expenses) Finance income (costs) $ (753,093 ) $ (751,865 ) Other income 202,851 367,099 Non-operating income (expense) (611,339 ) 27,807 Total other income (expense) (1,161,580 ) (356,959 ) Income from operations before income taxes 13,403,408 7,715,912 Income taxes (3,415,978 ) (1,953,918 ) Net income 9,987,430 5,761,994 Other comprehensive income Foreign currency translation adjustment (241,552 ) 746,119 Comprehensive income $ 9,745,878 $ 6,508,112 See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements and auditors' report. F-5 China Shandong Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries (FKA Mobile Presence Technologies, Inc.) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 2009 2008 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income 9,987,430 5,761,994 Adjustments to reconcile net in come to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation 813,394 661,993 Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment 626,258 — Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Trade accounts receivable (613,437 ) (1,576,587 ) Prepaid expenses (268,063 ) 520,539 Inventories (204,136 ) (6,440,180 ) Other receivables (274,030 ) 182,387 Deposits (767,204 ) — Accounts payable (121,932 ) (493,591 ) Taxes payable 376,615 592,864 Other payables and accrued liabilities (385,017 ) (303,540 ) Deposits received in advance (103,060 ) 153,666 NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES 9,066,819 (940,455 ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Dividend distribution — (224,755 ) Disposals of pro perty, plant, and equipment — 293,904 Expenditures for property, plant, and equipment (1,121,964 ) (1,094,614 ) Additions to construction in progress (6,931,355 ) 125,685 NET CASH (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES (8,053,319 ) (899,781 ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Principal repayments of short term borrowings (3,676,471 ) (360,969 ) Proceeds from short term borrow ings 5,787,983 1,754,245 Borrowings of notes payable — 6,359,126 Repayments of notes payable (2,635,020 ) (4,893,495 ) NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES (523,508 ) 2,858,907 Foreign currency adjustment (56,149 ) 156,750 NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 433,843 1,175,421 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS: Beginning o f year 1,751,997 576,575 End of year $ 2,185,839 $ 1,751,997 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid during the year for: Interest $ 621,619 $ 566,289 Taxes $ 3,415,978 $ 1,953,918 See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements and auditors' report. F-6 China Shandong Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries (FKA Mobile Presence Technologies, Inc.) Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity For the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 Common Stock Preferred Stock Additional Paid in Discretionary Surplus Other Comprehensive Retained Total Stockholders' (Shares) (Amount) (Shares) (Amount) Capital Reserve Income (loss) Earnings Equity Balances as of January 1, 2008 25,725,000 $ 2,573 — $ 0 $ 7,797,427 $ 3,608,243 $ (529,618 ) $ 5,605,344 $ 16,483,969 Net income for the year ended December 31, 2008 — — — — — — — 5,761,994 5,761,994 Foreign currency translation gain for 2008 — — — — — — 746,118 — 746,118 Balances as of December 31, 2008 25,725,000 $ 2,573 — $ 0 $ 7,797,427 $ 3,608,243 $ 216,500 $ 11,367,338 $ 22,992,081 Net income for the year ended December 31, 2009 — — — — — — 9,987,430 9,987,430 Foreign currency translation loss for 2009 — — — — — — (241,522 ) (241,522 ) Balances as of December 31, 2009 25,725,000 $ 2,573 — $ 0 $ 7,797,427 $ 3,608,243 $ (25,022 ) $ 21,354,768 $ 32,737,989 See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements and auditors' report. F-7 CHINA SHANDONG INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (FKA MOBILE PRESENCE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.) NOTES TO AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 1. ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS BACKGROUND China Shandong Industries Inc. (the “ Company” ) was incorporated on February 13, 2007 under the laws of the State of Delaware as “Mobile Presence Technologies, Inc”. On December 3, 2009, the Company changed its name to China Shandong Industries, Inc. On October 22, 2009 , the Company entered a Stock Exchange and Reorganization Agreement (the “Agreement”), by and among the Company, Tianwei International Development Corporation, an Oregon Corporation (“TIDC”), CAOPU Enterprise Limited, a company organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands (“Caopu”), London Financial Group Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands (“LFG”), Phoebus Vision Investment Developing Group, Ltd., a company organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands ( “ Phoebus”), and Timothy Lightman (“TL”), pursuant to which the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of TIDC owned by each of CAOPU, LFG and Phoebus in exchange for an issuance by the Company of an aggregate of 1,543,500 shares of Common Stock of the Company, with a par value of $0.0001 per share (the“MBPI Common Stock”), to Caopu, LFG and Phoebus. The shares of MBPI Common Stock were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration provided under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder. In addition, TL, the owner of 975,000 shares of MBPI Common Stock (“TL’s MBPI Shares”), representing approximately 93% of the 1,046,500 issued and outstanding shares of the Company’s Common Stock, delivered a stock certificate or stock certificates representing 875,000 of TL’s MBPI Shares to the Company for cancellation. On November 5, 2009, pursuant to a separate Assignment and Assumption Agreement by and between the Company and TL, the Company sold to TL all of the assets of the Company and TL assumed all the liabilities of the Company. T he transaction was effectively completed on November 6, 2009 , which has been accounted for as a reverse acquisition and recapitalization of the Company, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, TIDC, whereby TIDC is deemed to be the ultimate accounting acquirer (legal acquiree) and the Company to be the ultimate accounting acquiree (legal acquirer). The accompanying consolidated financial statements are in substance those of TIDC , with the assets and liabilities, and revenues and expenses, of the Company being included effective from the date of stock exchange transaction. The Company is deemed t o be a continuation of the business of TIDC , through its wholly-owned subsidiary , Shandong Caopu Arts & Crafts Co., Ltd. (“SCAC”), a PRC-based company incorporated on August 15, 2000 under the laws of the PRC. Accordingly, the accompanying consolidated fin ancial statements include the following: (1) the balance sheet consists of the net assets of the accounting acquirer at historical cost and the net assets of the accounting acquiree at historical cost; (2) the financial position, results of operations, a nd cash flows of the accounting acquirer for all periods presented as if the recapitalization had occurred at the beginning of the earliest period presented and the operations of the accounting acquiree from the date of stock exchange transaction . On November 6, 2009, concurrent with the Stock Exchange with TIDC, the Company adopted the fiscal year end of SCAC, the wholly-owned subsidiary of TIDC, thereby changing the fiscal year end from September 30 to December 31. The consolidated audited financial statements for the new fiscal year will be reflected in the Company’s Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2009. China Shandong Industries Inc., TIDC and SCAC are hereinafter referred to as (the “Company”). F-8 CHINA SHANDONG INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (FKA MOBILE PRESENCE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.) NOTES TO AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 1. ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS BACKGROUND (CONT’D) The Company is located in the Cao Xian Development Zone, which is near the Beijing-Kowloon railway with the DeShang Highway to the East and Qinghe Road to the West. There are three production areas including sixteen production workshops an d staff who work on willow products, craft and wooden furniture. The Company undertakes joint production with local farmers by purchasing the processing products from them and then by proceeding to finish the products in order to generate sales. The Comp any has numerous products, such as grass willow products, wooden crafts, indoor/outdoor wooden furniture, office furniture, different kinds of frames and craftwork. The Company also has numerous national patents for design and utility models. The Company ’ s products are sold in various countries and regions, including the United States of America, Germany, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Italy, Sweden, Japan, Canada, Denmark, Hong Kong and Taiwan. The Company ’ s business model is original equipment m anufacture (OEM) for North American and European manufacturers. A majority of the Company ’ s sales were from exports. In order to adapt to the international market, the Company passed the ISO9001 international quality management system certification, ISO14 001 environmental management system certification, OHSMS18001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System Certification, as well as the CE certification for access to the EU market. 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis of presentat ion The accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America under the accrual basis of accounting . Use of estimates In preparing co nsolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. These accounts and estimates include, but are not limited to, the valuation of trade recei vables, other receivables, inventories, income taxes and the estimation on useful lives of property, plant and equipment. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Concentrations of credit risk Financial instruments that potentially subject the C ompany to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents, and trade and other receivables. As of December 31, 200 9 and 200 8 , substantially all of the Company ’ s cash and cash equivalents were held by financial ins titutions located in the PRC, which the Company ’ s management believes are of high credit quality. With respect to trade receivables, the Company extends credit based on an evaluation of the customer ’ s financial condition. The Company generally does not req uire collateral for trade and other receivables and maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts of trade and other receivables. F-9 CHINA SHANDONG INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (FKA MOBILE PRESENCE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.) NOTES TO AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT ’ D) Cash and cash e quivalents The Company ’ s cash equivalents a re short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and that have insignificant risk of change in value because of changes in interest rates. The Company ’ s cash and cash equivalents, as of Dec ember 31, 200 9 a nd 200 8 , were principally denominated in Renminbi (“ RMB” ) and were placed with banks in the PRC. They are not freely convertible into foreign currencies and the remittance of these funds out of the PRC is subject to exchange control restrictions imposed by the PRC governmen t. For purposes of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, the Company considers highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. In accordance with SFAS No. 95, the consolidated Statements of Cash Flows are prepared based on the change in the RMB functional currency for each account and converted into U.S. dollars at the various exchange rates at the time. Allowance for doubtful accounts The Company establishes an allowance for doub tful accounts based on managements ’ assessment of the trade receivables collectibles . J udgment is required in assessing the amount of the allowance. The Company considers the historical level of credit losses and applies percentages to different receivable s categories. The Company makes judgments about the creditworthiness of each customer based on ongoing credit evaluations, and monitors current economic trends that might impact the level of credit losses in the future. If the financial condition of the c u stomers were to deteriorate, resulting in their inability to make payments, a larger allowance may be required. Based on the above assessment, during the reporting periods, management establishes the general provisioning policy to make an allowance equiva lent to 5% of the gross amount of trade receivables. Additional specific provision is made against trade receivables to the extent which they are considered to be doubtful. Bad debts are written off when identified. The Company does not accrue interest on trade receivables. Historically, losses from uncollectible accounts have not significantly deviated from the general allowance estimated by management and no significant additional bad debts have been written off directly to net income . This general prov isioning policy has not changed in the past since establishment and management considers that the aforementioned general prov isioning policy is adequate, not excessive and does not expect to change this established policy in the near future. Inventories Inventories (finished goods , work in process, raw materials and packaging materials ) are stated at the lower of cost or mark et. C ost is determined o n a first in first out basis which includes an appropriate share of production overheads based on normal ope rating capacity and includes all expenditures incurred in bringing the goods to the point of sale and putting them in a saleable condition. In assessing the ultimate realization of inventories, management makes judgments as to future demand requirements compared to current or committed inventory levels. The Company estimates the demand requirements based on market conditions, forecasts prepared by its customers, sales contracts and orders in hand. In addition, the Company estimates net realizable value bas ed on intended use, current market value and contract terms. The Company writes down the inventories for estimated obsolescence , slow moving or unmarketable inventories equal to the difference between the cost of inventories and the estimated market value based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions. F-10 CHINA SHANDONG INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (FKA MOBILE PRESENCE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.) NOTES TO AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT ’ D) Property , p lant and e quipment Property , plant and equipment are comprised of buildings , machinery , equipment and furniture . P roperty , plan t and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation . Cost represents the purchase price of the respective fixed asset and other costs incurred to bring the fixed asset into its existing use. Depreciation is computed over the es timated useful lives of the respective fixed assets utilizing the straight-line basis method. Buildings are depreciated over a period of twenty years with a residual value of 10% . Machinery , equipment and furniture are depreciated over a period of ten year s with a residual value of 10% . Maintenance or repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Upon sale or disposition, the applicable amounts of the fixed asset’s cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and the net amount less proceeds from the disposal is charged or credited to operations. The Company recognizes an impairment loss on property, plant and equipment when evidence, such as the sum of expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges), indicates that future operations will not produce sufficient revenue to cover the related future costs, including depreciation, and when the carrying amount of the asset cannot be realized through sale. Measurement of the impairment loss is based on the fair value of the assets. Impairment of L ong-lived assets The Company evaluated the recoverability of its property, plant, equipment, and other assets in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification 360 “Property, Plant and Equipment” (formerly SFAS 144, “Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets”), which requires recognition of impairment of long-lived assets in the event the net book value of such assets exceed the estimated future undiscounted cash flows attributable to such assets or the business to which such intangible assets relate. Earnings per share The Company reports earnings (loss) per share in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification 260 “Earnings per Share” (formerly SFAS 128, “Earnings per Share”). This statement requires dual presentation of basic and diluted earnings (loss) with a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the loss per share computations. Basic earnings per share amounts are based on the weighted average shares of common outstanding. If applicable, diluted earnings per share assume the conversion, exercise or issuance of all common stock instruments such as options, warrants and convertible securities, unless the effect is to reduce a loss or increase earnings per share. Accordingly, this presentation has been adopted for the periods presented. There were no adjustments required to net income for the period presented in the computation of diluted earnings per share. There were no common stock equivalents (CSE) necessary for the computation of diluted loss per share. Construction in progress Construction in progress is record ed using the cost method, which later transfer s to fixed assets in achieving the expected usable condition. I nterest costs on borrowing s related to constructio n in progress are capitalized before achieving the expected usable condition. Dividends The Company has not yet adopted any policy regarding payment of dividends. $224,755 in dividends was paid in 2008. F-11 CHINA SHANDONG INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (FKA MOBILE PRESENCE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.) NOTES TO AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POL ICIES (CONT ’ D) Revenue r ecognition Revenue is recognized when the risks and rewards of ownership and title to the product have tr ansferred to the custom er s , the selling price is fixed or determinable , and collection is reasonable assured . The C ompany fir st confirm s the revenue when the customs information is available after the expor t application to customs. The Co mpany offer s varying terms for its customers and is responsible for paying the deliv ery cost of its products. C ost of goods sold Cost of goo ds sold consists primarily of costs of raw materials and direct labor , and other costs directly attributable to the production of products. Write-down of inventories to lower of cost or market is also recorded in cost of goods sold. Selling expenses Se lling expenses mainly consist of advertising, shipping and handling cost s and exhibition expense s which are expensed as incurred during the selling activities. General and administrative expenses General and administrative expenses consist of office ex pen ses, depreciation, staff welfare , utilities, labor protection and salaries which are expensed as incurred at the administrative level. Income t axes Income taxes are provided in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification 740 “Income Taxes” (formerly SFAS No. 109 “Accounting for Income Taxes”). Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the consolidated financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and loss carry forwards and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or the entire deferred tax asset will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Comprehensive income The Company adopted FA SB Accounting Standards Codification 220 “ Comprehensive Income” (formerly SFAS No. 130, Reporting Comprehensive income” , which establishes standards for reporting and display of comprehensive income , and its components in the consolidated financial stateme nts . Components of comprehensive income include net income and foreign currency translation adjustments. The Company has presented consolidated statements of income which includes other comprehensive income or loss . Fair value of financial instruments The carrying values of the Company’s financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts and other receivables, inventories, prepaid expenses, accounts payable, other payables and accrued liabilities, deposits received in advance, dividends payable, taxes payable, short term borrowings and current portion of notes payable approximate their fair values due to the short-term maturity of such instruments. F-12 CHINA SHANDONG INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (FKA MOBILE PRESENCE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.) NOTES TO AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT ’ D) Fair value of fina ncial instruments (cont ’ d) It is managements’ opinion that the Company is not exposed to significant price, credit, foreign currency or interest rate risks arising from these financial instruments. Advertising expense Advertising is charged to expense as incurred. The Company does not incur any direct-response costs. Advertising expenses were $-0- for the two years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Commitments and contingencies Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims, assessments, litigation, fines and penalties and other sources, if applicable, are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated. Foreign currency translation The functional curre ncy of the Company is the Renminbi (“ RMB” ) and RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currencies. The Company maintains its consolidated financial statements in the functional currency. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other th an the functional currency are translated into the functional currency at rates of exchange prevailing at the balance sheet date. Transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency at the e xchanges rates prevailing at the dates of the transaction. Exchange gains or losses arising from foreign currency transactions are included in the determination of net income for the respective periods. For financial reporting purposes, the consolidated f inancial statements of the Company , which are prepared using the functional currency , have been translated into United States dollars. Current assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rates at the balance sheet dates and revenue and expenses a re translated at the average exchange rates while fixed assets and stockholders ’ equity is translated at historical exchange rates. Any translation adjustments resulting are not included in determining net income but are included in foreign exchange adju s tment to other comprehensive income, a component of stockholders ’ equity . The exchange rates in effect as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 were RMB1 for $0.146 5 and $ 0.1466 , respectively. The average exchange rates for the two years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 were RMB1 for $0.14 64 and $ 0.1439 , respectively. There is no significant fluctuation in exchange rate for the conversion of RMB to US dollars after the balance sheet date. Off-balance sheet arrangements The Company does not have any off-balance sh eet arrangements. Recent Accounting Pronouncements The Company has reviewed all recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and do not believe the future adoption of any such pronouncements may be expected to cause a material impact on its financial condition or the results of its operations. F-13 CHINA SHANDONG INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (FKA MOBILE PRESENCE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.) NOTES TO AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT ’ D) Recent Accounting Pronouncements (cont ’ d) FASB Accounting Standards Codification (Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2009-01) In June 2009, FASB approved the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (“the Codification”) as the single source of authoritative nongovernmental GAAP. All existing accounting standard documents, such as FASB, American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, Emerging Issues Task Force and other related literature, excluding guidance from the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), have been superseded by the Codification. All other non-grandfathered, non-SEC accounting literature not included in the Codification has become nonauthoritative. The Codification did not change GAAP, but instead introduced a new structure that combines all authoritative standards into a comprehensive, topically organized online database. The Codification is effective for interim or annual periods ending after September 15, 2009, and impacts the Company’s consolidated financial statements as all future references to authoritative accounting literature will be referenced in accordance with the Codification. There have been no changes to the content of the Company’s financial statements or disclosures as a result of implementing the Codification during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009. As a result of the Company’s implementation of the Codification during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009, previous references to new accounting standards and literature are no longer applicable. In the current annual consolidated financial statements, the Company will provide reference to both new and old guidance to assist in understanding the impacts of recently adopted accounting literature, particularly for guidance adopted since the beginning of the current fiscal year but prior to the Codification. S ubsequent Events (Included in Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 855 “Subsequent Events”, previously SFAS No. 165 “Subsequent Events”) SFAS No. 165 established general standards of accounting for and disclosure of events that occur after the balance sheet date, but before the consolidated financial statements are issued or available to be issued (“subsequent events”). An entity is required to disclose the date through which subsequent events have been evaluated and the basis for that date. For public entities, this is the date the consolidated financial statements are issued. SFAS No. 165 does not apply to subsequent events or transactions that are within the scope of other GAAP and did not result in significant changes in the subsequent events reported by the Company. SFAS No. 165 became effective for interim or annual periods ending after June 15, 2009 and did not impact the Company’s consolidated financial statements. The Company evaluated for subsequent events through the issuance date of the Company’s consolidated financial statements. No recognized or non-recognized subsequent events were noted. Determination of the Useful Life of Intangible Assets (Included in ASC 350 “Intangibles — Goodwill and Other”, previously FSP SFAS No. 142-3 “Determination of the Useful Lives of Intangible Assets”) FSP SFAS No. 142-3 amended the factors that should be considered in developing renewal or extension assumptions used to determine the useful life of a recognized intangible asset under previously issued goodwill and intangible assets topics. This change was intended to improve the consistency between the useful life of a recognized intangible asset and the period of expected cash flows used to measure the fair value of the asset under topics related to business combinations and other GAAP. The requirement for determining useful lives must be applied prospectively to intangible assets acquired after the effective date F-14 CHINA SHANDONG INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (FKA MOBILE PRESENCE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.) NOTES TO AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT ’ D) Recent Accounting Pronouncements (cont ’ d) and the disclosure requirements must be applied prospectively to all intangible assets recognized as of, and subsequent to, the effective date. FSP SFAS No. 142-3 became effective for consolidated financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2008, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The adoption of FSP SFAS No. 142-3 did not impact the Company’s consolidated financial statements. Noncontrolling Interests (Included in ASC 810 “Consolidation”, previously SFAS No. 160 “Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements an amendment of ARB No. 51”) SFAS No. 160 changed the accounting and reporting for minority interests such that they will be recharacterized as noncontrolling interests and classified as a component of equity. SFAS No. 160 became effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2008 with early application prohibited. The Company implemented SFAS No. 160 at the start of fiscal 2009 and no longer records an intangible asset when the purchase price of a noncontrolling interest exceeds the book value at the time of buyout. The adoption of SFAS No. 160 did not have any other material impact on the Company’s financial statements. Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities — Amended (To be included in ASC 810 “Consolidation”, SFAS No. 167 “Amendments to FASB Interpretation No. 46(R)”) SFAS No. 167 amends FASB Interpretation No. 46(R) “Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities regarding certain guidance for determining whether an entity is a variable interest entity and modifies the methods allowed for determining the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity. The amendments include: (1) the elimination of the exemption for qualifying special purpose entities, (2) a new approach for determining who should consolidate a variable-interest entity, and (3) changes to when it is necessary to reassess who should consolidate a variable-interest entity. SFAS No. 167 is effective for the first annual reporting period beginning after November 15, 2009, with earlier adoption prohibited. The Company will adopt SFAS No. 167 in fiscal 2010 and does not anticipate any material impact on the Company’s financial statements. 3. RESTRICTED CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS A ccording to the contract between the C ompany and the bank in which it has l oans payable to , $ - 0 - and $ 1,407,006 at December 31, 200 9 and 200 8 , respectively, is invest ed into certain designated accounts related to guaran tees for n ote s payable. 4. TRADE ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE Trade accounts receivable is comprised of the following amounts at the respective dates : As of December 31, 200 9 200 8 Gross trade accounts receivable from customers $ 7,318,908 $ 6,673,115 Allowance for doubtful customer accounts (370,582 ) (333,656 ) $ 6, 948 , 326 $ 6,339,459 F-15 CHINA SHANDONG INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (FKA MOBILE PRESENCE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.) NOTES TO AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 4. TRADE ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE (CONT ’ D) Bad debt expense of $ 36,926 and $ 99,506 was recognized during the year s ende d December 31, 200 9< /fo nt> and 200 8 , respectively , in the accompanying consolidated income statements . 5. INVENTORIES Inventories are comprised of the following amounts at the respective dates : As of December 31, 200 9 200 8 Raw materials 1,462,682 $ 546,420 Packaging materials 23,813 23,316 Work in process 2,191,570 1,529,163 Finished goods 13,849,519 15,237,667 17, 527,584 17,336,566 Provision for obsolete inventories -0- -0- $ 17, 527,584 $ 17,336,566 6. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT Property, plant and equipment are comprised of the following amounts at the respective dates: As of December 31, 200 9 200 8 Cost: Buildings $ 6,257,774 $ 6,997,805 Machinery, equipment and furniture 4,497,567 3,377,142 10,755,341 10,374,947 Accumulated depreciation ( 3,331,407 ) (2,453,851 ) Ne t $ 7, 423,934 $ 7,921,096 During the reporting periods, depreciation expense is included in the following account s on the accompanying consolidated income statements : Year ended December 31, 200 9 200 8 General and administrative expens es $ 813 , 394 $ 661,993 $ 813 , 394 $ 661,993 F-16 CHINA SHANDONG INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (FKA MOBILE PRESENCE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.) NOTES TO AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 7. SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS The Company ’ s outstanding principal balances on its short- term borrowings are payable as follows: As of December 31, 200 9 200 8 Puliangji Credit Cooperati ve, .9% interest rate, due August 31, 2009 $ -0- $ 278,470 Bank of China , 5 . 832 % to 6.372% interest rate s , due no later than November 17, 2010 3,514,835 4,423,010 Commercial Bank (Heze branch) , 7 . 965 % interest rate , due no later than Sept ember 28 , 20 10 4,539,996 1,172,505 Various other loans, interests rates ranging from .612% to 1.1826%, due in various dates within upcoming 12 month operating cycle -0- 72,977 $ 8,054,831 $ 5,946,962 The effects of imputed interest on the afo rementioned below market interest rates are immaterial to the consolidated financial statements taken as a whole. 8. NOTES PAYABLE The C ompa ny ’ s outstanding principal balances for its notes payable are payable as follows : As of December 31, 200 9 200 8 ICBC Caoxian branch, .684% interest rate, due September 27, 2009 $ -0 - $ 1,758,757 CCB Caoxian branch, .612% interest rate, due March 10, 2009 -0- 879,379 $ -0- $ 2,638,136 The effects of imputed interest on the aforementioned below market interest rates are immaterial to the consolidated financial statements taken as a whole. 9 . OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUED LIABILITIES As of December 31, 200 9 200 8 Salary and welfare payable $ 105,246 $ 304,675 Accrued expenses 21,818 12,308 Other payables 604,266 801,425 $ 731,330 $ 1,118,408 Staff welfare payable represents accrued staff medical, industry injury claims; labor and unemployment insurances, all of which are third parties insurance and the insurance premiums are based on certain percentage of salaries. The obligations of the Company are limited to those premiums contributed by the Company. F-17 CHINA SHANDONG INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (FKA MOBILE PRESENCE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.) NOTES TO AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 10 . REGISTERED AND PAID UP CAPITAL Shandong Caopu Arts & Crafts Co., Ltd. is a wholly owned foreign entity and there fore the capital stock, consistent with most of the PRC enterprises, is not divided into a specific number of shares having a stated nominal amount. Shandong Caopu Arts & Crafts Co., Ltd. ’ s registered capital of $ 7 , 800,000 was fully paid up on April 28, 2008. 1 1 . STATUTORY AND DI SCRETIONARY SURPLUS RESERVE In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations of the PRC and articles of association, the Company is required to appropriate 10% and a certain other percentage of the net profit as reported in the Company ’ s PRC statutory consolidated financial statements to the statutory reserve fund and the discretionary surplus reserve fund, respectively, after offsetting prior year ’ s losses. When the balance of the statutory reserve fund reaches 50% of the registered capital, and furt her appropriation is optional. Upon approval from the board of directors or members, the statutory reserve can be used to offset accumulated losses or to increase registered capital. 1 2 . INCOME TAXES The Company is sub ject to the foreign investment ente rprise income t ax at the statutory rate of 15% on the profits as reported in the Company ’ s PRC statutory consolidated financial statements as adjusted by profit and loss items that are not taxable or deductible before 2008. PRC ’ s legislative body, the Nat ional People ’ s Congress, adopted the unified EIT Law on March 16, 2007. This new tax law replaces the existing separate income tax laws for domestic enterprises and foreign-invested enterprises and became effective on January 1, 2008. Under the new tax la w , a unified income tax rate is set at 25% for both domestic enterprises and foreign-invested enterprises. Thus , the C ompany is subject to corporate income t ax at the statutory rate of 25% commencing in 2008. Income taxes in the accompanying consolidated statements of income for the reporting periods represent provision for EIT for the Company’s continuing operations in the PRC. Year ended December 31 200 9 200 8 EIT rate in e ffect for the year 25 % 25 % Profits before income tax $ 13, 403 , 408 $ 7,715,912 Income tax $ 3,415,978 $ 1,953,918 The effective income taxes differ from the above PRC statutory EIT rates as follows:- Year ended December 31, 200 9 200 8 Provision for income taxes at statutory EIT rate $ 3,350,852 $ 1,928,978 Non-deductible items for tax purposes 65,126 24,940 Income taxes $ 3,415,978 $ 1,953,918 F-18 CHINA SHANDONG INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (FKA MOBILE PRESENCE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.) NOTES TO AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 1 3 . DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLAN The Company has a defined contribution plan for all of its qualifie d employees i n the PRC. The employer and the employees are each required to make contributions to the plan at the rates specified in the plan. The obligation of the Company with resp ect to retirement is to make the required contributions unde r the plan. No forfeited co ntribution s are available to reduce the contribution payable in the future years. The defined contribution plan contributions were c harged to expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of income . The Company contributed $ 153 , 624 and $ 460,307 for t he years ended December 31, 200 9 and 200 8 , respectively , which are included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated income statements . 1 4 . CONTINGENCIES The Company had no contingencies existing as of December 31, 200 9 an d 200 8 . 1 5 . RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS The Company had no material transactions carried out with its related parties during 2009 and 2008 . 1 6 . INCOME PER SHARE The following table sets forth the computation of basic earnings per share for the year s i ndicated: For the years ended 2009 2008 Numerator: Total comprehensive income $ 9,745,878 $ 6,508,112 Denominator: Weighted average number of shares outstanding Basic 25,725,000 25,725,000 Earnings (loss) per share Basic and fully diluted $ 0.38 $ 0.25 The basic earnings per share were calculated using the comprehensive income and the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the reporting periods. All share and per share data have been adjusted to reflect the recapitalization of the Company in the Exchange and the forward stock s plit . The Company had no dilutive instruments as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 due to no preferred shares issued and outstanding. F-19 CHINA SHANDONG INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (FKA MOBILE PRESENCE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.) NOTES TO AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2009 AND 2008 17. CAPITAL TRANSACTIONS 1) On November 6, 2009, the Company completed a stock exchange transaction with the equity owners of TIDC. 1,543,500 shares of common stock were issued by the Company in exchange for 100% interest in TIDC, representing 90.0% of the Company’s outstanding common stock. 2) On November 6, 2009, Timothy Lightman, the owner of 975,000 shares of the Company’s Common Stock delivered a stock certificate or stock certificates representing 875,000 shares of the Company’s Common Stock to the Company for cancellation. 3) On November 20, 2009, the Board of Directors of the Company adopted a resolution approving a one for fifteen forward split of the Company’s Common Stock. Accordingly, the Company’s outstanding Common Stock on the basis of 1 outstanding share being changed to 15 outstanding shares. Each shareholder’s percentage ownership in the Company (and relative voting power) will remain essentially unchanged as a result of the forward split. The forward split took effective on December 3, 2009. The consolidated statement of equity and the earnings per share numbers in the financial statements have been restated per FASB 128 paragraph 134. 1 8 . CONCENTRATIONS AND RISKS During 2009 and 2008 , all of the Company’s assets were located in the PRC. During 2009 and 2008 , certain customers accounted for greater than 10% in revenues. In 2009, there were three major customers that accounted for 44%, 10% and 10% of revenues, respectively. In 2008, there were three major customers that accounted for 29%, 14% and 14% of revenues, respectively. As of December 31, 2009, these customers accounted for 27%, 10% and 4% of accounts receivable, respectively. 1 8 . SUBSEQUENT EVENT Subsequent to year end, the Company entered into an agreement to issue 300,000 warrants among other items and recorded a related expense of $334,702 , equal to the estimated fair value of the warrants at the date of the grant to an unrelated shareholder of the Company . The fair market value was calculated using the B lack-Scholes options pricing model, assuming approximately 5 . 15 % risk-free interest, 0% dividend yield, 65% volatility, and a life of two years. F-20 $20,000,000 of Common Stock China Shandong Industries Inc. PROSPECTUS Rodman & Renshaw, LLC Until , all dealers that effect transactions in these securities, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers’ obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions. PART II - INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS ITEM 13. OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION The expenses to be paid by the Registrant are as follows. All amounts, other than the SEC registration fee, the Nasdaq Capital Market fee and FINRA filing fee, are estimates. Amount to Be Paid SEC registration fee $ 1,729.03 Nasdaq Capital Market listing fee $ (1 ) FINRA filing fee $ 2,925.00 Printing and engraving expenses $ (1 ) Legal fees and expenses $ (1 ) Accounting fees and expenses $ (1 ) Transfer agent and registrar fees $ (1 ) Blue Sky Fees and Expenses $ (1 ) Miscellaneous $ (1 ) Total $ (1 ) (1) To be added by amendment. ITEM 14. INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS Our Certificate of Incorporation provides indemnification to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, that our directors or officers shall not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for damages for breach of such director’s or officer’s fiduciary duty. The effect of this provision of our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, is to eliminate the right of us and our stockholders (through stockholders’ derivative suits on behalf of our company) to recover damages against a director or officer for breach of the fiduciary duty of care as a director or officer (including breaches resulting from negligent or grossly negligent behavior, except under certain situations defined by statute. We believe that the indemnification provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suite or proceeding) is asserted by such director officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we willfulness in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. ITEM 15. RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES Following are all issuances of securities by the registrant during the past three years which were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). All of the following shares of our common stock issued by us were issued to accredited investors pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirement of Section 5 of the Securities Act, pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder. In each of these issuances the recipient represented that he was acquiring the shares for investment purposes only, and not with a view towards distribution or resale except in compliance with applicable securities laws. No general solicitation or advertising was used in connection with any transaction, and the certificate evidencing the securities that were issued contained a legend restricting their transferability absent registration under the Securities Act or the availability of an applicable exemption therefrom. Unless specifically set forth below, no underwriter participated in the transaction and no commissions were paid in connection with the transactions. On February, 2007, we issued an aggregate of 15,000,000 shares of our common stock to our founders as follows: (i) 14,775,000 shares to Timothy Lightman, our Chief Executive Officer and director at that time; and (ii) 225,000 shares to Frank J. Hariton, our counsel at that time. The sale price to such persons was an aggregate of $100. For the period from June 5, 2007 through September 12, 2007, we sold 667,500 shares of our common stock in a private placement for an aggregate purchase price of $44,500 to 39 individuals. II-1 For the period from October 16, 2007 through October 27, 2007, we sold 30,000 shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $2,000 to two (2) individuals. For the period from September 1, 2008 to September 30, 2009, we issued 900,000 shares of our common stock for legal and consulting services to certain services providers. On November 6, 2009 (the “Closing Date”), pursuant to a Stock Exchange and Reorganization Agreement, dated as of October 22, 2009, by and among us, TIDC, CAOPU, LFG, Phoebus, and Timothy Lightman, we acquired from CAOPU, LFG and Phoebus all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of TIDC solely in exchange for 23,152,500 shares of our common stock. We entered into an Amendment No. 1 to China Research Group Investor Relations Consulting Agreement, dated as of October 22, 2010, pursuant to which, we will issue China Research Group Investor Relations, at the closing of this public offering, (i) 100,000 shares of its common stock, and (ii) a 2 year warrant to purchase 300,000 shares of common stock (“Warrant Shares”) at an exercise price equal to the greater of this public offering price or $3.3 per share. The number of warrant shares and exercise price should be adjusted proportionately for any stock splits. On April 13, 2010, pursuant to an Amended and Restated Agreement, which superseded the original agreement by and among us and Linear Capital Asia Limited, Inc. (“Linear”), dated October 7, 2008, we will issue Linear, at the closing of this public offering, (i) $161,000 shares of common stock at $2.5 per share and (ii) a 2 year warrant to purchase 300,000 shares of common stock (“Warrant Shares”) at an exercise price equal to higher of this public offering price or $2.5 per share if this public offering cannot be completed. The number of warrant shares and the exercise price should be adjusted proportionately for any stock splits. ITEM 16. EXHIBITS AND FINANCI AL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 1.1 Underwriting Agreement between Rodman & Renshaw, LLC and us, dated , 2010. * 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation. (1) 3.1(a) Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation. (2) 3.2 Bylaws. (1) 4.1 Form of Underwriter’s Warrant. * 5.1 Legal Opinion of Gusrae, Kaplan, Bruno & Nusbaum PLLC. * 10.1 Stock Exchange and Reorganization Agreement dated October 22, 2009. (3) 10.2 Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated November 5, 2009, by and between Mobile Presence Technologies, Inc. and Timothy Lightman. (3) 10.3 Maximum Mortgage Contract dated May 15, 2008, by and between Shandong Caopu Arts and Crafts Co., Ltd. and Cao County Branch, Bank of China. (3) 10.4 Form of Lock-Up Agreement. * 10.6 Form of Agreements, dated September 14, 2009, between CAOPU Enterprise Limited and each of the following nine (as minority shareholders), Li Zhong, Zhiyu Wang, Jiawei Li, Ping Li, Wenshu Wang, Daling Cheng, Yulan Li, Zhiqiang Zhong, and Peilong Zhao. * 10.7 China Shandong Industries, Inc. 2010 Omnibus Securities and Incentive Plan, dated , 2010. * 10.8 Form of Share Holding Agreement, dated September 14, 2009, between us and each of nine other shareholders. (4) 10.9 Authorization Letter to Use Shandong Caopu Arts & Crafts Co., Ltd. Poplar Furniture & Paint Line Expansion Projects Feasibility Study Report dated as of March 30, 2008. 10.10 Authorization Letter to Use Patents, dated as of April 19, 2010. II-2 14 Code of Ethics and Business Conduct.* 21.1 List of Subsidiaries. (3) 23.1 Consent of Independent Certified Auditor. 23.2 Consent of Gusrae, Kaplan, Bruno & Nusbaum PLLC (included in Exhibit 5.1) * * to be filed by Amendment. (1) Incorporated by reference to registration statement on Form SB-2 filed with the SEC on November 28, 2007. (2) Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 6, 2010. (3) Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 12, 2009. (4) Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2010. II-3 ITEM 17. UNDERTAKINGS Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that: (1) For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective. (2) For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. II-4 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned on April 19, 2010. CHINA SHANDONG INDUSTRIES, INC. By: /s/ Jinliang Li Name: Jinliang Li Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chairman By: /s/ Yuhong Lei Name: Yuhong Lei Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints each of Jinliang Li and Zhiyu Wang as his/her attorney-in-fact and agent, each acting alone, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him/her and in his/her name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign and file Registration Statement(s) and any and all post-effective amendments to such Registration Statement(s), with all exhibits thereto and hereto, and other documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agent, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he/she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. By: /s/ Jinliang Li April 19, 2010 Name: Jinliang Li Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Yuhong Lei April 19, 2010 Name: Yuhong Lei Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) By: /s/ Jiawei Li April 19, 2010 Name: Jiawei Li Title: Director II-5
