fs1_formulawon.htm SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION ================================== FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 ================================== FormulaWon, Inc. (Exact Name of Small Business Issuer in its Charter) Delaware (State of Incorporation) (Primary Standard Classification Code) (IRS Employer ID No.) FormulaWon, Inc. 2800 Neilson Way #910 Santa Monica, CA 90405 (310) 403-4319 Address and Telephone Number of Registrant’s Principal Executive Offices and Principal Place of Business) FormulaWon, Inc. 2800 Neilson Way #910 Santa Monica, CA 90405 (310) 403-4319 (Name, Address and Telephone Number of Agent for Service) Copies of communications to: GREGG E. JACLIN, ESQ. ANSLOW & JACLIN, LLP 195 Route 9 South, Suite204 Manalapan, NJ 07726 TELEPHONE NO.: (732) 409-1212 FACSIMILE NO.: (732) 577-1188 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box. |X| If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration Statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. |_| If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.|_| If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.|_| If delivery of the prospectus is expected to be made pursuant to Rule 434, please check the following box. |_| Table of Contents CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of Each Class Of Securities to be Registered Amount to be Registered Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price per share Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price Amount of Registration fee Common Stock, par value $0.001 1,562,254 $0.05 $78,112 $3.07 The offering price has been estimated solely for the purpose of computing the amount of the registration fee in accordance with Rule 457(o). Our common stock is not traded on any national exchange and in accordance with Rule 457; the offering price was determined by the price shares were sold to our shareholders in a private placement memorandum. The price of $0.05 is a fixed price at which the selling security holders may sell their shares until our common stock is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board at which time the shares may be sold at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. There can be no assurance that a market maker will agree to file the necessary documents with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, which operates the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board, nor can there be any assurance that such an application for quotation will be approved. PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUBJECT TO COMPLETION DATED APRIL, 2008 The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with section 8(a) of the securities act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the commission, acting pursuant to said section 8(a), may determine. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE Prospectus Summary 1 Summary Financials 1 Risk Factors 3 Use of Proceeds 4 Determination of Offering Price 4 Dilution 4 Selling Shareholders 5 Plan of Distribution 6 Description of Securities to be Registered 6 Interests of Named Experts and Counsel 7 Organization Within Last Five Years 7 Description of Business 7 Description of Property 8 Legal Proceedings 8 Available Information 9 Index to Financial Statements F-1 Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Financial Results 10 Plan of Operations 10 Executive Compensation 11 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 11 Table of Contents ITEM 3. Summary Information, Risk Factors and Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges. PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information contained elsewhere in this prospectus. This summary does not contain all the information that you should consider before investing in the common stock. You should carefully read the entire prospectus, including “Risk Factors”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the Financial Statements, before making an investment decision . About Our Company FormulaWon, Inc. (“FormulaWon” or the “Company”) is a Delaware Corporation, founded on July 19, 2007. FormulaWon was organized for the purpose of providing personal consultation services to the general public. The company will commence business activity in California with longer range plans to extend the format throughout the United States. FormulaWon is primarily a service business that delivers to the general public the unique experiences of classroom training, simulated driving instructions, and real-time driving of Formula 1 and other racecars on actual racetracks. Where You Can Find Us Our principal executive offices are located at, 2800 Neilson Way #910, Santa Monica, CA 90405 and our telephone number is (310) 403-4319 . Terms of the Offering The selling shareholders named in this prospectus are offering all of the shares of common stock offered through this prospectus. The selling stockholders are selling shares of common stock covered by this prospectus for their own account. We will not receive any of the proceeds from the resale of these shares. The offering price of $0.05 was determined by the price shares were sold to our shareholders in a private placement memorandum and is a fixed price at which the selling security holders may sell their shares until our common stock is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, at which time the shares may be sold at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. There can be no assurance that a market maker will agree to file the necessary documents with FINRA, which operates the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board, nor can there be any assurance that such an application for quotation will be approved. We have agreed to bear the expenses relating to the registration of the shares for the selling security holders. SUMMARY FINANCIAL DATA The following summary financial data should be read in conjunction with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis,” “Plan of Operation” and the Financial Statements and Notes thereto, included elsewhere in this prospectus. The statement of operations and balance sheet data from inception (July 19, 2007) through December 31, 2007 are derived from our audited financial statements. For the Period from Inception (July 19, 2007) through December 31, 2007 (audited) STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS Revenues $ - Total Operating Expenses 8,000 Professional Fees 6,000 General and Administrative Expenses 2,000 Net Loss (8,000) As of December 31, 2007 (audited) BALANCE SHEET DATA Cash $ 100 Total Assets 100 Total Liabilities 100 Stockholders’ Equity/ Deficiency (5,900 ) 1 Table of Contents 1,562,254 SHARES OF FORMULAWON, INC. COMMON STOCK The selling shareholders named in this prospectus are offering all of the shares of common stock offered through this prospectus. Our common stock is presently not traded on any market or securities exchange. The 1,562,254 shares of our common stock can be sold by selling security holders at a fixed price of $0.05 per share until our shares are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board and thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. There can be no assurance that a market maker will agree to file the necessary documents with The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”), which operates the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board, nor can there be any assurance that such an application for quotation will be approved. We have agreed to bear the expenses relating to the registration of the shares for the selling security holders. THE COMPANY IS CONSIDERED TO BE IN UNSOUND FINANCIAL CONDITION. PERSONS SHOULD NOT INVEST UNLESS THEY CAN AFFORD TO LOSE THEIR ENTIRE INVESTMENTS. THE PURCHASE OF THE SECURITIES OFFERED THROUGH THIS PROSPECTUS INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY CONSIDER THE FACTORS DESCRIBED UNDER THE HEADING “RISK FACTORS” BEGINNING ON PAGE 3. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The Date of This Prospectus Is: April 23, 2008 2 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information in this prospectus before investing in our common stock. If any of the following risks occur, our business, operating results and financial condition could be seriously harmed. Please note that throughout this prospectus, the words “we”, “our” or “us” refer to the Company and not to the selling stockholders. WE HAVE A LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY THAT YOU CAN USE TO EVALUATE US, AND THE LIKELIHOOD OF OUR SUCCESS MUST BE CONSIDERED IN LIGHT OF THE PROBLEMS, EXPENSES, DIFFICULTIES, COMPLICATIONS AND DELAYS FREQUENTLY ENCOUNTERED BY A SMALL DEVELOPING COMPANY. We were incorporated in Delaware in July 2007. We have no significant financial resources and no revenues to date. The likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered by a small developing company starting a new business enterprise and the highly competitive environment in which we will operate. Since we have a limited operating history, we cannot assure you that our business will be profitable or that we will ever generate sufficient revenues to meet our expenses and support our anticipated activities. WE WILL REQUIRE FINANCING TO ACHIEVE OUR CURRENT BUSINESS STRATEGY AND OUR INABILITY TO OBTAIN SUCH FINANCING COULD PROHIBIT US FROM EXECUTING OUR BUSINESS PLAN AND CAUSE US TO SLOW DOWN OUR EXPANSION OF OPERATIONS. We will need to raise additional funds through public or private debt or sale of equity to achieve our current business strategy. Such financing may not be available when needed. Even if such financing is available, it may be on terms that are materially adverse to your interests with respect to dilution of book value, dividend preferences, liquidation preferences, or other terms. Our capital requirements to implement our business strategy will be significant. Moreover, in addition to monies needed to continue operations over the next twelve months, we anticipate requiring additional funds in order to execute our plan of operations. No assurance can be given that such funds will be available or, if available, will be on commercially reasonable terms satisfactory to us. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain financing if and when it is needed on terms we deem acceptable. If we are unable to obtain financing on reasonable terms, we could be forced to delay or scale back our plans for expansion. In addition, such inability to obtain financing on reasonable terms could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, or financial condition. OUR AUDITOR HAS EXPRESSED SUBSTANTIAL DOUBT AS TO OUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN. Based on our financial history since inception, our auditor has expressed substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. We are a development stage company that has never generated any revenue. If we cannot obtain sufficient funding, we may have to delay the implementation of our business strategy. OUR FUTURE SUCCESS IS DEPENDENT, IN PART, ON THE PERFORMANCE AND CONTINUED SERVICE OF FITRA IRIANI. WITHOUT HER CONTINUED SERVICE, WE MAY BE FORCED TO INTERRUPT OR EVENTUALLY CEASE OUR OPERATIONS. We are presently dependent to a great extent upon the experience, abilities and continued services of Fitra Iriani, our only officer. We currently do not have an employment agreement with Ms. Iriani. The loss of her services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operation. THE OFFERING PRICE OF THE SHARES WAS ARBITRARILY DETERMINED, AND THEREFORE SHOULD NOT BE USED AS AN INDICATOR OF THE FUTURE MARKET PRICE OF THE SECURITIES. THEREFORE, THE OFFERING PRICE BEARS NO RELATIONSHIP TO THE ACTUAL VALUE OF THE COMPANY, AND MAY MAKE OUR SHARES DIFFICULT TO SELL. Since our shares are not listed or quoted on any exchange or quotation system, the offering price of $0.05 per share for the shares of common stock was arbitrarily determined. The facts considered in determining the offering price were our financial condition and prospects, our limited operating history and the general condition of the securities market. The offering price bears no relationship to the book value, assets or earnings of our company or any other recognized criteria of value. The offering price should not be regarded as an indicator of the future market price of the securities. 3 Table of Contents THERE IS NO ASSURANCE OF A PUBLIC MARKET OR THAT THE COMMON STOCK WILL EVER TRADE ON A RECOGNIZED EXCHANGE. THEREFORE, YOU MAY BE UNABLE TO LIQUIDATE YOUR INVESTMENT IN OUR STOCK. There is no established public trading market for our common stock. Our shares are not and have not been listed or quoted on any exchange or quotation system. There can be no assurance that a market maker will agree to file the necessary documents with FINRA, which operates the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board, nor can there be any assurance that such an application for quotation will be approved or that a regular trading market will develop or that if developed, will be sustained. In the absence of a trading market, an investor may be unable to liquidate their investment. OUR COMMON STOCK IS CONSIDERED A PENNY STOCK, WHICH IS SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON MARKETABILITY, SO YOU MAY NOT BE ABLE TO SELL YOUR SHARES. If our common stock becomes tradable in the secondary market, we will be subject to the penny stock rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission that require brokers to provide extensive disclosure to their customers prior to executing trades in penny stocks. These disclosure requirements may cause a reduction in the trading activity of our common stock, which in all likelihood would make it difficult for our shareholders to sell their securities. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than $5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system). Penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer’s account. The broker-dealer must also make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser’s written agreement to the transaction. These requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity, if any, in the secondary market for a security that becomes subject to the penny stock rules. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our securities, which could severely limit their market price and liquidity of our securities. These requirements may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our common stock and may affect your ability to resell our common stock. Item 4. Use of Proceeds. USE OF PROCEEDS The selling stockholders are selling shares of common stock covered by this prospectus for their own account. We will not receive any of the proceeds from the resale of these shares. We have agreed to bear the expenses relating to the registration of the shares for the selling security holders. Item 5. Determination of Offering Price DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE Since our shares are not listed or quoted on any exchange or quotation system, the offering price of the shares of common stock was arbitrarily determined. The offering price was determined by the price shares were sold to our shareholders in our private placement which was completed in March 2008 pursuant to an exemption under Rule 506 of Regulation D. The offering price of the shares of our common stock has been determined arbitrarily by us and does not necessarily bear any relationship to our book value, assets, past operating results, financial condition or any other established criteria of value. The facts considered in determining the offering price were our financial condition and prospects, our limited operating history and the general condition of the securities market. Although our common stock is not listed on a public exchange, we will be filing to obtain a listing on the Over The Counter Bulletin Board (OTCBB) concurrently with the filing of this prospectus. In order to be quoted on the Bulletin Board, a market maker must file an application on our behalf in order to make a market for our common stock. There can be no assurance that a market maker will agree to file the necessary documents with FINRA, which operates the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board, nor can there be any assurance that such an application for quotation will be approved. In addition, there is no assurance that our common stock will trade at market prices in excess of the initial public offering price as prices for the common stock in any public market which may develop will be determined in the marketplace and may be influenced by many factors, including the depth and liquidity. Item 6. Dilution. DILUTION The common stock to be sold by the selling shareholders is common stock that is currently issued. Accordingly, there will be no dilution to our existing shareholders. 4 Table of Contents Item 7. Selling Security Holders. SELLING SHAREHOLDERS The shares being offered for resale by the selling stockholders consist of the 1,562,254 shares of our common stock held by 41 shareholders of our common stock which sold in our Regulation D Rule 506 offering completed in March 2008. The following table sets forth the name of the selling stockholders, the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by each of the selling stockholders as of April 10, 2008 and the number of shares of common stock being offered by the selling stockholders. The shares being offered hereby are being registered to permit public secondary trading, and the selling stockholders may offer all or part of the shares for resale from time to time. However, the selling stockholders are under no obligation to sell all or any portion of such shares nor are the selling stockholders obligated to sell any shares immediately upon effectiveness of this prospectus. All information with respect to share ownership has been furnished by the selling stockholders. Name of selling stockholder Shares of common stock owned prior to offering Shares of common stock to be sold Shares of common stock owned after offering Percent of common stock owned after offering Michael Giovengo 50,000 50,000 0 0% Wayne Prine 60,000 60,000 0 0% Valerie Brascia 50,000 50,000 0 0% Mary E. Miller 54,000 54,000 0 0% Melissa Carrigan 60,000 60,000 0 0% Jammie Johnson 40,000 40,000 0 0% RJM Development 48,000 48,000 0 0% Clean Energies Consulting 60,000 60,000 0 0% Clean Energies LLC 60,000 60,000 0 0% Bruce Sands 56,000 56,000 0 0% Marc Campbell 50,000 50,000 0 0% Robert Jeralds 40,000 40,000 0 0% Cara A. Anam 28,000 28,000 0 0% Sayeed K. Anam 25,000 25,000 0 0% Lisa Weir 28,518 28,518 0 0% Jennifer Weir 29,658 29,658 0 0% Sean Neville 25,666 25,666 0 0% Estelle Weir 27,567 27,567 0 0% Viola Saucier 20,913 20,913 0 0% David G. McCaul 24,067 24,067 0 0% Gina Csanyi 25,440 25,440 0 0% Irena Cermakova 15,403 15,403 0 0% Antonino Ruber 26,496 26,496 0 0% Amr Robah 27,523 27,523 0 0% Michael Carrigan 60,000 60,000 0 0% Mary K. Miller 40,000 40,000 0 0% Rose Giovengo 60,000 60,000 0 0% Vincent J. Meli 50,000 50,000 0 0% Barry Liviwn 60,000 60,000 0 0% Julie Cole 50,000 50,000 0 0% Roy Yamamoto 60,000 60,000 0 0% Mamesan LLC 50,000 50,000 0 0% Astrid Bean 50,000 50,000 0 0% Debbie Moore 30,000 30,000 0 0% Nanette Vidan-Peled 10,000 10,000 0 0% Kevin Steele 20,000 20,000 0 0% Christine Sterner 50,000 50,000 0 0% Malia Henderson 10,000 10,000 0 0% Moshe Weidenfeld 10,000 10,000 0 0% Sundeep Pandhoh 10,000 10,000 0 0% Jyoti Pandoh 10,000 10,000 0 0% Except as listed below, to our knowledge, none of the selling shareholders or their beneficial owners: - has had a material relationship with us other than as a shareholder at any time within the past three years; or - has ever been one of our officers or directors or an officer or director of our predecessors or affiliates - are broker-dealers or affiliated with broker-dealers. 5 Table of Contents Item 8. Plan of Distribution. PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION The selling security holders may sell some or all of their shares at a fixed price of $0.05 per share until our shares are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board and thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. Prior to being quoted on the OTCBB, shareholders may sell their shares in private transactions to other individuals. Although our common stock is not listed on a public exchange, we will be filing to obtain a listing on the Over the Counter Bulletin Board (OTCBB) concurrently with the filing of this prospectus. In order to be quoted on the Bulletin Board, a market maker must file an application on our behalf in order to make a market for our common stock. There can be no assurance that a market maker will agree to file the necessary documents with FINRA, which operates the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board, nor can there be any assurance that such an application for quotation will be approved. There can be no assurance that a market maker will agree to file the necessary documents with FINRA, which operates the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board, nor can there be any assurance that such an application for quotation will be approved. However, sales by selling security holder must be made at the fixed price of $0.05 until a market develops for the stock. Once a market has been developed for our common stock, the shares may be sold or distributed from time to time by the selling stockholders directly to one or more purchasers or through brokers or dealers who act solely as agents, at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to such prevailing market prices, at negotiated prices or at fixed prices, which may be changed. The distribution of the shares may be effected in one or more of the following methods: O ordinary brokers transactions, which may include long or short sales, O transactions involving cross or block trades on any securities or market where our common stock is trading, market where our common stock is trading, O through direct sales to purchasers or sales effected through agents, O through transactions in options, swaps or other derivatives (whether exchange listed of otherwise), or exchange listed or otherwise), or O any combination of the foregoing. In addition, the selling stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers who may engage in short sales, if short sales were permitted, of shares in the course of hedging the positions they assume with the selling stockholders. The selling stockholders may also enter into option or other transactions with broker-dealers that require the delivery by such broker-dealers of the shares, which shares may be resold thereafter pursuant to this prospectus. Brokers, dealers, or agents participating in the distribution of the shares may receive compensation in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions from the selling stockholders and/or the purchasers of shares for whom such broker-dealers may act as agent or to whom they may sell as principal, or both (which compensation as to a particular broker-dealer may be in excess of customary commissions). Neither the selling stockholders nor we can presently estimate the amount of such compensation. We know of no existing arrangements between the selling stockholders and any other stockholder, broker, dealer or agent relating to the sale or distribution of the shares. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the shares of the selling security holders pursuant to this prospectus. We have agreed to bear the expenses of the registration of the shares, including legal and accounting fees, and such expenses are estimated to be approximately $20,000. Notwithstanding anything set forth herein, no FINRA member will charge commissions that exceed 8% of the total proceeds of the offering. Item 9. Description of Securities to be Registered. General Our authorized capital stock consists of 500,000,000 Shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per Share and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share. There are no provisions in our charter or by-laws that would delay, defer or prevent a change in our control. Common Stock We are authorized to issue 500,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share. Currently we have 3,562,254 common shares issued and outstanding. The holders of our common stock have equal ratable rights to dividends from funds legally available if and when declared by our board of directors and are entitled to share ratably in all of our assets available for distribution to holders of common stock upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs. Our common stock does not provide the right to a preemptive, subscription or conversion rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights. Our common stock holders are entitled to one non-cumulative vote per share on all matters on which shareholders may vote. 6 Table of Contents All shares of common stock now outstanding are fully paid for and non-assessable and all shares of common stock which are the subject of this private placement are fully paid and non-assessable. We refer you to our Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws and the applicable statutes of the state of Delaware for a more complete description of the rights and liabilities of holders of our securities. All material terms of our common stock have been addressed in this section. Holders of shares of our common stock do not have cumulative voting rights, which means that the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding shares, voting for the election of directors, can elect all of the directors to be elected, if they so choose, and, in that event, the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any of our directors. Preferred Stock We are authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.001 par value per share. The terms of the preferred shares are at the discretion of the board of directors. Currently no preferred Shares are issued and outstanding. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends to shareholders. The declaration of any future cash dividends is at the discretion of our board of directors and depends upon our earnings, if any, our capital requirements and financial position, our general economic conditions, and other pertinent conditions. It is our present intention not to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest earnings, if any, in our business operations. Warrants There are no outstanding warrants to purchase our securities. Options There are no options to purchase our securities outstanding. Item 10. Interests of Named Experts and Counsel INTERESTS OF NAMED EXPERTS AND COUNSEL No expert or counsel named in this prospectus as having prepared or certified any part of this prospectus or having given an opinion upon the validity of the securities being registered or upon other legal matters in connection with the registration or offering of the common stock was employed on a contingency basis, or had, or is to receive, in connection with the offering, a substantial interest, direct or indirect, in the registrant or any of its parents or subsidiaries. Nor was any such person connected with the registrant or any of its parents or subsidiaries as a promoter, managing or principal underwriter, voting trustee, director, officer, or employee. The financial statements included in this prospectus and the registration statement have been audited by Li & Company, PC to the extent and for the periods set forth in their report appearing elsewhere herein and in the registration statement, and are included in reliance upon such report given upon the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting. Item 11. Information with Respect to the Registrant. Organization Within Last Five Years We were incorporated in July 2007 in the State of Delaware. In July 2007, we issued 2,000,000 Founder Shares at par value of $0.001 to Fitra Iriani in consideration for services provided. In March 2008 we completed an offering in which we sold 1,562,254 common shares at $0.05 per share in connection with our private placement. Description of Business General We were formed in July 2007. Our plan is to own Formula 1 and other high-performance racecars and makes them available with adequate instruction, training, and virtual-reality simulated experiences to qualified individuals to drive on real racetracks. FormulaWon does for the racecar enthusiast what a baseball field does for a baseball fan: it puts the enthusiast in the driver’s seat of a real car, on a real track, to drive in real time. FormulaWon will provide to those who can demonstrate the ability to learn the skills of handling a high-performance racecar the opportunity of joining a unique class of individuals who have experienced the thrill and awesome power of driving a high-performance automobile at top speed on a an actual racetrack. 7 Table of Contents Marketing Sales and marketing efforts for FormulaWon can be directed with pinpoint accuracy because the customer base will come from racing enthusiasts whose attentions to the racing industry are focused in very specific areas: racing events, trade shows and magazines, and print media focused on the events, the people in racing, and racecars. Marketing efforts will include advertising in print media and on radio and TV during racing events. Interested parties will be invited to (1) inquire about FormulaWon on our website (FormulaWon.org), (2) write for information, or (3) call our 24/7 toll-free information telephone number. We will offer information brochures outlining our services and fees. Sales activity will be one-on-one personal contact with potential clients. FormulaWon’s sales philosophy includes an in-depth discussion with our trained racing/sales consultants to understand the customer’s desires and evaluate the customer’s knowledge and skill in order to recommend the appropriate program for each individual to achieve the highest level of satisfaction from the FormulaWon experience. FormluaWon will prepare a sales contract specifying dates, times, services, limits of liability and other appropriate information to be signed and returned by the customer with full payment in advance. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY Our business office is located at 2800 Neilson Way #910, Santa Monica, CA 90405. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS There are no legal proceedings pending or threatened against us. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS There is presently no public market for our shares of common stock. We anticipate applying for trading of our common stock on the Over the Counter Bulletin Board upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms apart. However, we can provide no assurance that our shares of common stock will be traded on the Bulletin Board or, if traded, that a public market will materialize. Holders of Our Common Stock As of the date of this registration statement, we had 42 shareholders of our common stock. Rule 144 Shares As of April 10, 2008 there are no shares of our common stock which are currently available for resale to the public and in accordance with the volume and trading limitations of Rule 144 of the Act. After September 2008, all of the shares of our common stock held by the 41 shareholders who purchased their shares in the Regulation D 506 offering by us will become available for resale to the public. Sales under Rule 144 are subject availability of current public information about the company. Stock Option Grants To date, we have not granted any stock options. Registration Rights We have not granted registration rights to the selling shareholders or to any other persons. 8 Table of Contents AVAILABLE INFORMATION We have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act with respect to the common stock offered hereby. This prospectus, which constitutes part of the registration statement, does not contain all of the information set forth in the registration statement and the exhibits and schedule thereto, certain parts of which are omitted in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. For further information regarding our common stock and our company, please review the registration statement, including exhibits, schedules and reports filed as a part thereof. Statements in this prospectus as to the contents of any contract or other document filed as an exhibit to the registration statement, set forth the material terms of such contract or other document but are not necessarily complete, and in each instance reference is made to the copy of such document filed as an exhibit to the registration statement, each such statement being qualified in all respects by such reference. We are also subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act which requires us to file reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Such reports, proxy statements and other information along with the registration statement, including the exhibits and schedules thereto, may be inspected at public reference facilities of the SEC at 100 F Street N.E , Washington D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC at prescribed rates. You may call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the operation of the public reference room. Because we file documents electronically with the SEC, you may also obtain this information by visiting the SEC’s Internet website at http://www.sec.gov . 9 Table of Contents FORMULAWON, INC. (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY) December 31, 2007 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Contents Page(s) Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Balance Sheet at December 31, 2007 F-3 Statement of Operations for the Period from July 19, 2007 (Inception) through December 31, 2007 F-4 Statement of Stockholders’ Deficit for the Period from July 19, 2007 (Inception) through December 31, 2007 F-5 Statement of Cash Flows for the Period from July 19, 2007 (Inception) through December 31, 2007 F-6 Notes to the Financial Statements F-7 to F-11 F-1 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders FormulaWon, Inc. (A development stage company) Santa Monica, California We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of FormulaWon, Inc. (a development stage company) (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2007 and the related statement of operations, stockholders’ deficit and cash flows for the period from July 19, 2007 (inception) through December 31, 2007. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2007 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from July 19, 2007 (inception) through December 31, 2007 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company had a deficit accumulated during the development stage and had a net loss for the period from July 19, 2007 (inception) through December 31, 2007 with no revenues since inception. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans in regards to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. /s/Li & Company, PC Li & Company, PC Skillman, New Jersey April 23, 2008 F-2 Table of Contents FORMULAWON, INC. (A development stage company) Balance Sheet December 31, 2007 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash $ 100 TOTAL ASSETS $ 100 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT CURRENT LIABILITIES: Accrued expenses $ 6,000 STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT: Preferred stock at $0.001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding - Common stock at $0.001 par value; 500,000,000 shares authorized; 2,000,000 shares issued and outstanding 2,000 Additional paid-in capital 100 Deficit accumulated during the development stage (8,000 ) Stockholders’ Deficit (5,900 ) TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT $ 100 See accompanying notes to the financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents FORMULAWON, INC. (A development stage company) Statement of Operations For the Period from July 19, 2007 (Inception) through December 31, 2007 Revenue $ - Operating expenses Professional fees 6,000 General and administrative 2,000 Total operating expenses 8,000 Loss before income taxes (8,000 ) Income tax provision - Net loss $ (8,000 ) Net loss per common share – basic and diluted $ (0.00 ) Weighted average number of common shares outstanding – basic and diluted 1,939,759 See accompanying notes to the financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents FORMULAWON, INC. (A development stage company) Statement of Stockholders’ Deficit For the Period from July 19, 2007 (Inception) through December 31, 2007 Common Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Deficit Accumulated During the Development Stage Total Stockholders’ Deficit July 19, 2007 (Inception) - $ - $ - $ - $ - Shares issued for corporate expenses at $.001 par value on July 24, 2007 2,000,000 2,000 2,000 Contribution to capital 100 100 Net loss (8,000 ) (8,000 ) Balance, December 31, 2007 2,000,000 $ 2,000 $ 100 $ (8,000 ) $ (5,900 ) See accompanying notes to the financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents FORMULAWON, INC. (A development stage company) Statement of Cash Flows For the Period from July 19, 2007 (Inception) through December 31, 2007 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net loss $ (8,000 ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Shares issued for compensation 2,000 Increase in accrued expenses 6,000 Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities - CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Capital contribution 100 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 100 NET INCREASE IN CASH 100 CASH AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD - CASH AT END OF PERIOD $ 100 See accompanying notes to the financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents FORMULAWON, INC. (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY) Notes to the Financial Statements December 31, 2007 NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION AND OPERATIONS FormulaWon, Inc. (“FormulaWon” or the “Company”), a development stage company, was incorporated on July 19, 2007 under the laws of the State of Delaware. Initial operations have included organization and incorporation, target market identification, marketing plans, and capital formation. A substantial portion of the Company’s activities has involved developing a business plan and establishing contacts and visibility in the marketplace. The Company has not generated any revenues since inception. The Company plans to own Formula 1 and other high-performance racecars and make them available with adequate instruction, training and virtual-reality simulated experiences to qualified individuals to drive on real racetracks. NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis of presentation The Company’s financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”). Development s tage company The Company is a development stage company as defined by Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 7 “ Accounting and Reporting by Development Stage Enterprises ” (“SFAS No. 7”). The Company is still devoting substantially all of its efforts on establishing the business and its planned principal operations have not commenced. All losses accumulated since inception have been considered as part of the Company's development stage activities. Use of estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Due to the limited level of operations, the Company has not had to make material assumptions or estimates other than the assumption that the Company is a going concern. Cash equivalents The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. F-7 Table of Contents Fair value of financial instruments The fair value of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties. The carrying amounts of financial assets and liabilities, such as cash and accrued expenses, approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments and market rates of interest. Revenue recognition The Company’s future revenues will be derived principally from classroom instruction in driving a Formula One vehicle and other ancillary services to the general public. The Company follows the guidance of the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Staff Accounting Bulletin 104 (“SAB No. 104”) for revenue recognition. The Company will recognize revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned less estimated future doubtful accounts. The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when it has persuasive evidence of an arrangement that the services have been rendered to the customer, the sales price is fixed or determinable, and collectibility is reasonably assured. Income taxes The Company accounts for income taxes under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109 “Accounting for Income Taxes” (“SFAS No. 109”). Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based upon differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent management concludes it is more likely than not that the assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the statements of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. Net loss per common share Net loss per common share is computed pursuant to Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 128 “Earnings Per Share” (“SFAS No. 128”). Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock and potentially outstanding shares of common stock during each period. There were no potentially dilutive shares outstanding as of December 31, 2007. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements In June 2003, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) adopted final rules under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002(“Section 404”), as amended by SEC Release No. 33-8889 on February 1, 2008. Commencing with its annual report for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2008, the Company will be required to include a report of management on its internal control over financial reporting. The internal control report must include a statement of management’s responsibility for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over its financial reporting; of management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of year end; and of the framework used by management to evaluate the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. F-8 Table of Contents Furthermore, in the following fiscal year, it is required to file the auditor’s attestation report separately on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting on whether it believes that the Company has maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting. On September 15, 2006, the FASB issued FASB Statement No. 157 “Fair Value Measurements” (“SFAS No. 157”). SFAS No. 157 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. SFAS No. 157 is effective as of the beginning of the first fiscal year beginning after November 15, 2007. The Company does not anticipate that the adoption of this statement will have a material effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. On February 15, 2007, the FASB issued FASB Statement No. 159 “The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities: Including an amendment of FASB Statement No. 115” (“SFAS No. 159”). SFAS No. 159 permits all entities to elect to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value with changes in fair value reported in earnings. SFAS No. 159 is effective as of the beginning of the first fiscal year that begins after November 15, 2007, with earlier adoption permitted. The Company does not anticipate that the adoption of this statement will have a material effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. In June 2007, the Emerging Issues Task Force of the FASB issued EITF Issue No. 07-3 “ Accounting for Nonrefundable Advance Payments for Goods or Services to be Used in Future Rese arch and Development Activities” (“EITF Issue No. 07-3”) which is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2007. EITF Issue No. 07-3 requires that nonrefundable advance payments for future research and development activities be deferred and capitalized. Such amounts will be recognized as an expense as the goods are delivered or the related services are performed. The Company does not expect the adoption of EITF Issue No. 07-3 to have a material impact on the financial results of the Company. In December 2007, the FASB issued FASB Statement No. 141 (Revised 2007) “ Business Combinations” (“SFAS No. 141(R)”), which requires the Company to record fair value estimates of contingent consideration and certain other potential liabilities during the original purchase price allocation, expense acquisition costs as incurred and does not permit certain restructuring activities previously allowed under Emerging Issues Task Force Issue No. 95-3 to be recorded as a component of purchase accounting. SFAS No. 141(R) applies prospectively to business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of the first annual reporting period beginning on or after December 15, 2008, except for the presentation and disclosure requirements, which shall be applied retrospectively for all periods presented. The Company will adopt this standard at the beginning of the Company’s year ending December 31, 2008 for all prospective business acquisitions. The Company has not determined the effect that the adoption of SFAS No. 141(R) will have on the financial results of the Company. In December 2007, the FASB issued FASB Statement No. 160 “ Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements - an amendment of ARB No. 51” (“SFAS No. 160”), which causes noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries to be included in the equity section of the balance sheet. SFAS No. 160 applies prospectively to business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of the first annual reporting period beginning on or after December 15, 2008, except for the presentation and disclosure requirements, which shall be applied retrospectively for all periods presented. The Company will adopt this standard at the beginning of the Company’s year ending December 31, 2008 for all prospective business acquisitions. The Company has not determined the effect that the adoption of SFAS No. 160 will have on the financial results of the Company. F-9 Table of Contents Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements. NOTE 3 – DEVELOPMENT STAGE ACTIVITIES AND GOING CONCERN The Company is currently in the development stage. The Company intends to provide personal consultation services to the general public; however, the Company has not yet begun operations. Its activities as of December 31, 2007 have been organizational and developmental (pre-operational). As reflected in the accompanying financial statements, the Company had a deficit accumulated during the development stage of $8,000 at December 31, 2007, and had a net loss of $8,000 for the period from July 19, 2007 (inception) through December 31, 2007. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and produce revenues, the Company’s cash position may not be significant enough to support the Company’s daily operations. Management intends to raise additional funds by way of a public or private offering. Management believes that the actions presently being taken to further implement its business plan and generate revenues provide the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern. While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to increase revenues and in its ability to raise additional funds, there can be no assurances to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company’s ability to further implement its business plan and generate revenues. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. NOTE 4 – STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT Sale of common stock The Company was incorporated on July 19, 2007. On July 24, 2007, the Company issued 2,000,000 shares of its common stock to its Chief Executive Officer at their par value of $0.0001 per share as compensation for incorporation. NOTE 5 – INCOME TAXES At December 31, 2007, the Company had net operating loss (“NOL”) carry–forwards for Federal income tax purposes of $8,000 that may be offset against future taxable income through 2027. No tax benefit has been reported with respect to these net operating loss carry-forwards in the accompanying financial statements because the Company believes that the realization of the Company’s net deferred tax assets of approximately $1,200 was not considered more likely than not and accordingly, the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are fully offset by a full valuation allowance of $1,200. Deferred tax assets consist primarily of the tax effect of NOL carry-forwards. The Company has provided a full valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets because of the uncertainty regarding its realizability. F-10 Table of Contents Components of deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2007 is as follows: Period From July 19, 2007 (inception) through December 31, 2007 Net deferred tax assets – Non-current: Expected Federal income tax benefit from NOL carry-forwards $ 1,200 Less valuation allowance (1,200 ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance $ - The reconciliation of the effective income tax rate to the federal statutory rate Federal income tax rate 15.0 % Change in valuation allowance on net operating loss carry-forwards (15.0 )% Effective income tax rate 0.0 % NOTE 6 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (i) Sale of common stock For the period from February 12, 2008 through April 3, 2008, the Company sold 1,542,570 shares of its common stock at $0.05 per share for $69,304 to 39 individuals. (ii) Entry of an employment agreement On March 11 th , 2008, the Company entered into an employment agreement (“Employment Agreement) with its president and CEO (“Employee”), which requires that the Employee to be paid a minimum of $500 per month for three years from date of signing. Employee or the Company has the right to terminate the Employment Agreement upon thirty (30) days’ notice to the other party. F-11 Table of Contents MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS This section of the Registration Statement includes a number of forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. Forward-looking statements are often identified by words like believe, expect, estimate, anticipate, intend, project and similar expressions, or words which, by their nature, refer to future events. You should not place undue certainty on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our predictions. Plan of Operation FormulaWon is primarily a service business that delivers to the general public the unique experiences of classroom training, simulated driving instructions, and real-time driving of Formula 1 and other racecars on actual racetracks. FormulaWon will offer peripheral activities at its established locations that include virtual reality and other simulator-based activities, computer games, the FormulaWon Café providing a unique dining and entertainment experience, and a retail store offering jackets, T-shirts, sweatshirts and caps, watches, pins, key chains, glasses, small cars and other souvenir items. FormulaWon will design corporate packages making available meeting rooms as well as featuring conferences and expositions designed to cater to corporations seeking high-thrill, speed related activities as performance incentives. Longer-range plans include leasing of vehicles for trade shows, test drives, and participation in races. Results of Operations For the period from inception through December 31, 2007, we had no revenue. Expenses for the period totaled $8,000 resulting in a net loss of $8,000. Capital Resources and Liquidity As of December 31, 2007 we had $100 in cash. While we are attempting to commence operations and produce revenues, our cash position may not be significant enough to support our daily operations. Management intends to raise additional funds by way of a public or private offering. Management believes that the actions presently being taken to further implement its business plan and generate revenues provide the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern. While we believe in the viability of its strategy to increase revenues and in its ability to raise additional funds, there can be no assurances to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company’s ability to further implement its business plan and generate revenues. We anticipate that depending on market conditions and our plan of operations, we may incur operating losses in the foreseeable future. Therefore, our auditors have raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE There have been no changes in or disagreements with accountants on accounting or financial disclosure matters. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS Our executive officer’s and director’s and their respective ages as of April 23, 2008 are as follows: NAME AGE POSITION Fitra Iriani 33 President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Principal Accounting Officer, Director Set forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of our executive officers and directors for the past five years. Fitra Iriani Ms. Iriani attended the University of California Arts and Business School and Santa Monica Community College. From there, Ms. Fitra Iriani has been working in Public Relations, Networking Sales, Client Marketing and Marketing and Sales Agent for Life Elites Network Company and Fidelity and Guarantee Life Insurance Company. 10 Table of Contents Ms. Irani brings sales, marketing and networking experience which will be valuable in launching the brand and promoting the company to a select group of individuals. Term of Office Our directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the board. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Summary Compensation Table; Compensation of Executive Officers The following summary compensation table sets forth all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the named executive officers paid by us during the period ended December 31, 2007 in all capacities for the accounts of our executives, including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO): SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and Principal Position Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) Stock Awards ($) Option Awards ($) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) All Other Compensation ($) Totals ($) Fitra Iriani, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 2007 $ 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 $ 0 Option Grants Table . There were no individual grants of stock options to purchase our common stock made to the executive officer named in the Summary Compensation Table through December 31, 2007. Aggregated Option Exercises and Fiscal Year-End Option Value Table . There were no stock options exercised during period ending December 31, 2007 by the executive officer named in the Summary Compensation Table. Long-Term Incentive Plan (“LTIP”) Awards Table . There were no awards made to a named executive officer in the last completed fiscal year under any LTIP Compensation of Directors Directors are permitted to receive fixed fees and other compensation for their services as directors. The Board of Directors has the authority to fix the compensation of directors. No amounts have been paid to, or accrued to, directors in such capacity. Employment Agreements On March 11, 2008 we entered into an employment agreement with our sole Officer and Director Fitra Iriani (the Employee”. The employment agreement is for a term of three years, and is automatically renewed annually unless the Board of Directors or the Employee notifies each other in writing their intent to terminate the employment agreement. The Employee shall be paid a minimum $500 per month. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table provides the names and addresses of each person known to us to own more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock as of April 23, 2008 and by the officers and directors, individually and as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, all shares are owned directly. 11 Table of Contents Title of Class Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Owner Percent of Class (1) Common Stock Fitra Iriani 2800 Neilson Way #910 Santa Monica, CA 90405 2,000,000 56.14% Common Stock All executive officers and directors as a group 2,000,000 56.14% (1) Based upon 3,562,254 shares outstanding as of April 23, 2008. TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PERSONS, PROMOTERS AND CERTAIN CONTROL PERSONS On July 24, 2007, we issued 2,000,000 founder shares of common stock to Fitra Iriani pursuant to the exemption from registration set forth in section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. The total purchase price of the Shares was $2,000. Item 12A. Disclosure of Commission Position on Indemnification of Securities Act Liabilities. DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION OF INDEMNIFICATION OF SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES Our director and officer is indemnified as provided by the Delaware Statutes and our Bylaws. We have agreed to indemnify each of our directors and certain officers against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the provisions described above, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than our payment of expenses incurred or paid by our director, officer or controlling person in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. We have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act, and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities is asserted by one of our directors, officers, or controlling persons in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our legal counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit the question of whether such indemnification is against public policy to a court of appropriate jurisdiction. We will then be governed by the court’s decision. 12 Table of Contents FORMULAWON, INC. 1,562,254 SHARES OF COMMON STOCK PROSPECTUS YOU SHOULD RELY ONLY ON THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT OR THAT WE HAVE REFERRED YOU TO. WE HAVE NOT AUTHORIZED ANYONE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION THAT IS DIFFERENT. THIS PROSPECTUS IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL COMMON STOCK AND IS NOT SOLICITING AN OFFER TO BUY COMMON STOCK IN ANY STATE WHERE THE OFFER OR SALE IS NOT PERMITTED. Until _____________, all dealers that effect transactions in these securities whether or not participating in this offering may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealer’s obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions. The Date of This Prospectus Is: April 23, 2008 Table of Contents PART II -- INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN THE PROSPECTUS Item 13. Other Expenses Of Issuance And Distribution. Securities and Exchange Commission registration fee $ 3.07 Federal Taxes $ 0 State Taxes and Fees $ 0 Transfer Agent Fees $ 2,500 Accounting fees and expenses $ 7,500 Legal fees and expense $ 10,000 Blue Sky fees and expenses $ 0 Miscellaneous $ 0 Total $ 20,003.07 All amounts are estimates other than the Commission’s registration fee. We are paying all expenses of the offering listed above. No portion of these expenses will be borne by the selling shareholders. The selling shareholders, however, will pay any other expenses incurred in selling their common stock, including any brokerage commissions or costs of sale. Item 14. Indemnification Of Directors And Officers. Our director and officer is indemnified as provided by the Delaware Statutes and our Bylaws. We have agreed to indemnify each of our directors and certain officers against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the provisions described above, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than our payment of expenses incurred or paid by our director, officer or controlling person in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. We have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act, and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities is asserted by one of our directors, officers, or controlling persons in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our legal counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit the question of whether such indemnification is against public policy to a court of appropriate jurisdiction. We will then be governed by the court’s decision. Item 15. Recent Sales Of Unregistered Securities. We were incorporated in the State of Delaware in July 2007 and 2,000,000 founder shares were issued to Fitra Iriani for a total purchase price of $2,000. These shares were issued in reliance on the exemption under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Act”). These shares of our common stock qualified for exemption under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 since the issuance shares by us did not involve a public offering. The offering was not a “public offering” as defined in Section 4(2) due to the insubstantial number of persons involved in the deal, size of the offering, manner of the offering and number of shares offered. We did not undertake an offering in which we sold a high number of shares to a high number of investors. In addition, the shareholder had the necessary investment intent as required by Section 4(2) since she agreed to and received share certificates bearing a legend stating that such shares are restricted pursuant to Rule 144 of the 1933 Securities Act. This restriction ensures that these shares would not be immediately redistributed into the market and therefore not be part of a “public offering.” Based on an analysis of the above factors, we have met the requirements to qualify for exemption under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 for this transaction. In March 2008, we completed a Regulation D Rule 506 offering in which we sold 1,562,254 shares of common stock to 41 investors, at a price per share of $0.05 per share for an aggregate offering price of $78,112. The following sets forth the identity of the class of persons to whom we sold these shares and the amount of shares for each shareholder: II-1 Table of Contents Michael Giovengo 50,000 Wayne Prine 60,000 Valerie Brascia 50,000 Mary E. Miller 54,000 Melissa Carrigan 60,000 Jammie Johnson 40,000 RJM Development 48,000 Clean Energies Consulting 60,000 Clean Energies LLC 60,000 Bruce Sands 56,000 Marc Campbell 50,000 Robert Jeralds 40,000 Cara A. Anam 28,000 Sayeed K. Anam 25,000 Lisa Weir 28,518 Jennifer Weir 29,658 Sean Neville 25,666 Estelle Weir 27,567 Viola Saucier 20,913 David G. McCaul 24,067 Gina Csanyi 25,440 Irena Cermakova 15,403 Antonino Ruber 26,496 Amr Robah 27,523 Michael Carrigan 60,000 Mary K. Miller 40,000 Rose Giovengo 60,000 Vincent J. Meli 50,000 Barry Liviwn 60,000 Julie Cole 50,000 Roy Yamamoto 60,000 Mamesan LLC 50,000 Astrid Bean 50,000 Debbie Moore 30,000 Nanette Vidan-Peled 10,000 Kevin Steele 20,000 Christine Sterner 50,000 Malia Henderson 10,000 Moshe Weidenfeld 10,000 Sundeep Pandhoh 10,000 Jyoti Pandhoh 10,000 The Common Stock issued in our Regulation D, Rule 506 Offering was issued in a transaction not involving a public offering in reliance upon an exemption from registration provided by Rule 506 of Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933. In accordance with Section 230.506 (b)(1) of the Securities Act of 1933, these shares qualified for exemption under the Rule 506 exemption for this offerings since it met the following requirements set forth in Reg. §230.506: (A) No general solicitation or advertising was conducted by us in connection with the offering of any of the Shares. (B) At the time of the offering we were not: (1) subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Exchange Act; or (2) an “investment company” within the meaning of the federal securities laws. (C) Neither we, nor any of our predecessors, nor any of our directors, nor any beneficial owner of 10% or more of any class of our equity securities, nor any promoter currently connected with us in any capacity has been convicted within the past ten years of any felony in connection with the purchase or sale of any security. (D) The offers and sales of securities by us pursuant to the offerings were not attempts to evade any registration or resale requirements of the securities laws of the United States or any of its states. (E) None of the investors are affiliated with any of our directors, officers or promoters or any beneficial owner of 10% or more of our securities. Please note that pursuant to Rule 506, all shares purchased in the Regulation D Rule 506 offering completed in March 2008 were restricted in accordance with Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933. In addition, each of these shareholders were either accredited as defined in Rule 501 (a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act or sophisticated as defined in Rule 506(b)(2)(ii) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. We have never utilized an underwriter for an offering of our securities. Other than the securities mentioned above, we have not issued or sold any securities. II-2 Table of Contents Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. EXHIBIT NUMBER DESCRIPTION 3.1 Articles of Incorporation 3.2 By-Laws 5.1 Opinion of Anslow & Jaclin, LLP 10.1 Employment Agreement 23.1 Consent of Li & Company, PC 23.2 Consent of Counsel, as in Exhibit 5.1 24.1 Power of Attorney Item 17. Undertakings. (A) The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement to: (i) To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii) Reflect in the prospectus any facts or events which, individually or together, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; and (iii) Include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement. (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (B) The issuer is subject to Rule 430C (ss. 230. 430C of this chapter): Each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(ss. 230. 424(b) of this chapter) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A (ss. 230. 430A of this chapter), shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. II-3 Table of Contents SIGNATURES In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form S-1 and authorized this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, in Santa Monica, California on April 23, 2008. FORMULAWON, INC. By: / s/Fitra Iriani Fitra Iriani Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Controller, Principal Accounting Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Fitra Irani and each of them, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities (including his capacity as a director and/or officer of FormulaWon, Inc.) to sign any or all amendments (including post-effective amendments) to this registration statement and any and all additional registration statements pursuant to rule 462(b) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and all other documents in connection therewith, with the SEC, granting unto each said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them, or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this registration statement was signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates stated. By: /s/ Fitra Iriani Fitra Iriani Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Controller, Principal Accounting Officer and Director II-4
