mainbody.htm UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 ALBA MINERAL EXPLORATION, INC. (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 1000 n/a (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 2 Mic Mac Place Le thbridge, Alberta, Canada T1K 5H6 (Name and address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ( 403) 331-0606 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this Registration Statement . If any of the securities being registered on the Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box |X| If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.|__| If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.|__| If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.|__| If delivery of the prospectus is expected to be made pursuant to Rule 434, check the following box.|__| Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. Large accelerated filer |__| Accelerated filer |__| Non-accelerated filer |__| Smaller reporting company |X| COPIES OF COMMUNICATIONS TO: Alba Mineral Exploration, Inc. Attn: Owen Gibson, President 2 Mic Mac Place, Lethbridge, AB, Canada T1K 5H6 Ph: (403) 331-0606 Table of Contents CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE TITLE OF EACH CLASS OF SECURITIES TO BE REGISTERED AMOUNT TO BE REGISTERED PROPOSED MAXIMUM OFFERING PRICE PER SHARE PROPOSED MAXIMUM AGGREGATE OFFERING PRICE (1) AMOUNT OF REGISTRATION FEE Common Stock 1,723,450 $0.10 (1) $172,345 $6.77 (2) (1) This price was arbitrarily determined by Alba Mineral Exploration, Inc. (2) Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee in accordance with Rule 457(a) under the Securities Act. THE REGISTRANT HEREBY AMENDS THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON SUCH DATE OR DATES AS MAY BE NECESSARY TO DELAY ITS EFFECTIVE DATE UNTIL THE REGISTRANT SHALL FILE A FURTHER AMENDMENT WHICH SPECIFICALLY STATES THAT THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT SHALL THEREAFTER BECOME EFFECTIVE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 8(a) OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR UNTIL THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT SHALL BECOME EFFECTIVE ON SUCH DATE AS THE COMMISSION, ACTING PURSUANT TO SECTION 8(a), MAY DETERMINE. 2 Table of Contents SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, Dated March 31, 2008 PROSPECTUS ALBA MINERAL EXPLORATION, INC. 1,723,450 SHARES OF COMMON STOCK INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING ___________________ The selling shareholders named in this prospectus are offering up to 1,723,450 shares of common stock offered through this prospectus. We will not receive any proceeds from this offering and have not made any arrangements for the sale of these securities. We have, however, set an offering price for these securities of $0.10 per share. This offering will expire on September 30, 2008 unless extended by the board of directors. The board of directors has discretion to extend the offering period for a maximum of an additional six months. Offering Price Underwriting Discounts and Commissions Proceeds to Selling Shareholders Per Share $0.10 None $0.10 Total $1,723,450.00 None $1,723,450 Our common stock is presently not traded on any market or securities exchange. The sales price to the public is fixed at $0.10 per share until such time as the shares of our common stock are traded on the NASD Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board. Although we intend to apply for quotation of our common stock on the NASD Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board, public trading of our common stock may never materialize. If our common stock becomes traded on the NASD Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board, then the sale price to the public will vary according to prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices by the selling shareholders. The purchase of the securities offered through this prospectus involves a high degree of risk. See section of this Prospectus entitled "Risk Factors." Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. The prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. The Date of This Prospectus Is: March 31, 2008 3 Table of Contents Table of Contents Page Summary 6 Risk Factors 8 Risks Related To Our Financial Condition and Business Model 8 If we do not obtain additional financing, our business will fail 8 Because we will need additional financing to fund our extensive exploration activities, our auditors believe there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern 8 Because we have only recently commenced business operations, we face a high risk of business failure 9 Because our executive officers do not have any training specific to the technicalities of mineral exploration, there is a higher risk our business will fail 9 Because we conduct our business through verbal agreements with consultants and arms-length third parties, there is a substantial risk that such persons may not be readily available to us and the implementation of our business plan could be impaired. 9 Because of the unique difficulties and uncertainties inherent in the mineral exploration business, we face a high risk of business failure 9 Because we anticipate our operating expenses will increase prior to our earning revenues, we may never achieve profitability 10 Because our president has agreed to provide his services on a part-time basis, he may not be able or willing to devote a sufficient amount of time to our business operations, causing our business to fail 10 Because our president, Mr. Owen Gibson, owns 47.68% of our outstanding common stock and serves as our sole director, investors may find that corporate decisions influenced by Mr. Gibson are inconsistent with the best interests of other stockholders 10 Because our president, Mr. Owen Gibson, owns 47.68% of our outstanding common stock the market price of our shares would most likely decline if he were to sell a substantial number of shares all at once or in large blocks. 11 If we are unable to successfully compete within the mineral exploration business, we will not be able to achieve profitable operations. 11 Because of factors beyond our control which could affect the marketability of any substances found, we may have difficulty selling any substances we discover. 11 Risks Related To Legal Uncertainty 12 Because we will be subject to compliance with government regulation which may change, the anticipated costs of our exploration program may increase 12 If Native land claims affect the title to our mineral claims, our ability to prospect the mineral claims may be lost. 12 Because the Province of Newfoundland and Labrador owns the land covered by the Crow Hill mineral claims, our availability to conduct an exploratory program on the Crow Hill mineral claim is subject to the consent of the Province of Newfoundland and Labrador and we can be ejected from the land and our interest in the land could be forfeit. 12 4 Table of Contents Because new legislation, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, increases the cost of compliance with federal securities regulations as well as the risks of liability to officers and directors, we may find it more difficult for us to retain or attract officers and directors. 13 Risks Related To This Offering 13 If a market for our common stock does not develop, shareholders may be unable to sell their shares 13 If the selling shareholders sell a large number of shares all at once or in blocks, the market price of our shares would most likely decline 13 Because we will subject to the “Penny Stock” rules once our shares are quoted on the over-the-counter bulletin board the level of trading activity in our stock may be reduced. 14 If our shares are quoted on the over-the-counter bulletin board, we will be required to remain current in our filings with the SEC and our securities will not be eligible for quotation if we are not current in our filings with the SEC. 14 Forward-Looking Statements 14 Use of Proceeds 15 Determination of Offering Price 15 Dilution 15 Selling Shareholders 15 Plan of Distribution 18 Description of Securities 19 Interest of Named Experts and Counsel 21 Description of Business 21 Description of Property 28 Legal Proceedings 29 Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 29 Financial Statements 32 Plan of Operations 33 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants 35 Directors and Executive Officers 35 Executive Compensation 36 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 38 Disclosure of Commission Position on Indemnification for Securities Act Liabilities 39 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 39 Available Information 40 Dealer Prospectus Delivery Obligation 40 Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution 41 Indemnification of Directors and Officers 41 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 42 Table of Exhibits 43 Undertakings 43 Signatures 45 5 Table of Contents Summary Alba Mineral Exploration, Inc. We are in the business of mineral exploration. Through our wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary, Alba Mineral Exploration, Inc., an Alberta corporation, we have acquired a 100% interest in the Crow Hill mineral claim located on the Baie Verte Peninsula on Newfoundland Island, Canada. Our subsidiary’s ownership in the Crow Hill claim was electronically staked and recorded under the electronic mineral claim staking and recording procedures of the Online Mineral Claims Staking System administered by the Department of Natural Resources, Government of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. A party is able to stake and record an interest in a particular mineral claim if no other party has an interest in the said claim that is in good standing and on record. There is no formal agreement between us and/or our subsidiary and the Government of Newfoundland and Labrador. We have not commenced our planned exploration program. Our plan of operations is to conduct mineral exploration activities on the Crow Hill mineral claim in order to assess whether this claim possess commercially exploitable mineral deposits. Our exploration program is designed to explore for commercially viable deposits of gold and other metallic minerals. We have not, nor to our knowledge has any predecessor, identified any commercially exploitable reserves of these minerals on the Crow Hill mineral claim. We are an exploration stage company and there is no assurance that a commercially viable mineral deposit exists on the Crow Hill mineral claim. The mineral exploration program, consisting of geological mapping, sampling, and geochemical analyses, is oriented toward defining drill targets on mineralized zones within the Crow Hill mineral claim. Currently, we are uncertain of the number of mineral exploration phases we will conduct before concluding whether there are commercially viable minerals present on the Crow Hill mineral claim. Further phases beyond the current exploration program will be dependent upon a number of factors such as a consulting geologist’s recommendations based upon ongoing exploration program results, and our available funds. Since we are in the exploration stage of our business plan, we have not yet earned any revenues from our planned operations. As of December 31, 2007, we had $34,386 cash on hand and no liabilities. Accordingly, our working capital position as of December 31, 2006 was $34,386. Since our inception through December 31, 2007, we have incurred a net loss of $959. We attribute our net loss to having no revenues to offset our expenses and the professional fees related to the creation and operation of our business. Our fiscal year ended is December 31. We were incorporated on July 24, 2007, under the laws of the state of Delaware. Our principal offices are located at 2 Mic Mac Place, Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada T1K 5H6. Our resident agent is Business Filings, Inc. at 108 West 13 th Street, Wilmington, DE 19801. Our phone number is (403) 331-0606. 6 Table of Contents The Offering Securities Being Offered Up to 1,723,450 shares of our common stock. Offering Price and Alternative Plan of Distribution The offering price of the common stock is $0.30 per share. We intend to apply to the NASD over-the-counter bulletin board to allow the trading of our common stock upon our becoming a reporting entity under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. If our common stock becomes so traded and a market for the stock develops, the actual price of stock will be determined by prevailing market prices at the time of sale or by private transactions negotiated by the selling shareholders. The offering price would thus be determined by market factors and the independent decisions of the selling shareholders. Minimum Number of Shares To Be Sold in This Offering None Securities Issued and to be Issued 5,033,450 shares of our common stock are issued and outstanding as of the date of this prospectus. All of the common stock to be sold under this prospectus will be sold by existing shareholders. There will be no increase in our issued and outstanding shares as a result of this offering. Use of Proceeds We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the common stock by the selling shareholders. Summary Financial Information Balance Sheet Data From Inception on July 24, 2007 through December 31, 2007 (audited) Cash $ 34,386 Total Assets 34,386 Liabilities 0 Total Stockholder’s Equity (Deficit) (34,386) Statement of Operations Revenue $ 0 Net Loss for Reporting Period $ 959 7 Table of Contents Risk Factors You should consider each of the following risk factors and any other information set forth herein and in our reports filed with the SEC, including our financial statements and related notes, in evaluating our business and prospects. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones that impact on our operations and business. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently consider immaterial, may also impair our business or operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business and financial results or prospects could be harmed. In that case, the value of the Common Stock could decline. Risks Related To Our Financial Condition and Business Model If we do not obtain additional financing, our business will fail As of December 31, 2007, we had cash in the amount of $34,386. Our cash on hand will allow us to complete the initial work program recommended by our consulting geologist. The recommended work program will consist of mapping, sampling, and geochemical analyses aimed at identifying and locating potential gold deposits on the Crow Hill property. If significant additional exploration activities are warranted and recommended by our consulting geologist, we will likely require additional financing in order to move forward with our development of the claim. We currently do not have any operations and we have no income. We will require additional financing to sustain our business operations if we are not successful in earning revenues once exploration is complete. If our exploration programs are successful in discovering reserves of commercial tonnage and grade, we will require significant additional funds in order to place the Crow Hill mineral claim into commercial production. We currently do not have any arrangements for financing and we may not be able to obtain financing when required. Obtaining additional financing would be subject to a number of factors, including the market prices for gold and other metallic minerals and the costs of exploring for or commercial production of these materials. These factors may make the timing, amount, terms or conditions of additional financing unavailable to us. Because we will need additional financing to fund our extensive exploration activities, our accountants believe there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern We have incurred a net loss of $959 for the period from our inception, July 24, 2007, to December 31, 2007, and have no sales. Our future is dependent upon our ability to obtain financing and upon future profitable operations from the commercial exploitation of an interest in mineral claims. Our auditors have issued a going concern opinion and have raised substantial doubt about our continuance as a going concern. When an auditor issues a going concern opinion, the auditor has substantial doubt that the company will continue to operate indefinitely and not go out of business and liquidate its assets. This is a significant risk to investors who purchase shares of our common stock because there is an increased risk that we may not be able to generate and/or raise enough resources to remain operational for an indefinite period of time. Potential investors should also be aware of the difficulties normally encountered by new mineral exploration companies and the high rate of failure of such enterprises. The auditor’s going concern opinion may inhibit our ability to raise financing because we may not remain operational for an indefinite period of time resulting in potential investors failing to receive any return on their investment. 8 Table of Contents There is no history upon which to base any assumption as to the likelihood that we will prove successful, and it is doubtful that we will generate any operating revenues or ever achieve profitable operations. If we are unsuccessful in addressing these risks, our business will most likely fail. Because we have only recently commenced business operations, we face a high risk of business failure. We have just planned the initial stages of exploration on our recently –staked mineral claims. As a result, we have no way to evaluate the likelihood that we will be able to operate the business successfully. We were incorporated on July 24, 2007, and to date have been involved primarily in organizational activities, the staking of our mineral claim, and obtaining independent consulting geologist’s report on this mineral claim. We have not earned any revenues as of the date of this prospectus, and thus face a high risk of business failure. Because our executive officers do not have any training specific to the technicalities of mineral exploration, there is a higher risk our business will fail Mr. Owen Gibson, our president and director, does not have any training as a geologist or an engineer. As a result, our management may lack certain skills that are advantageous in managing an exploration company. In addition, Mr. Gibson’s decisions and choices may not take into account standard engineering or managerial approaches mineral exploration companies commonly use. Consequently, our operations, earnings, and ultimate financial success could suffer irreparable harm due to management’s lack of experience in geology and engineering. Because we conduct our business through verbal agreements with consultants and arms-length third parties, there is a substantial risk that such persons may not be readily available to us and the implementation of our business plan could be impaired. We have a verbal agreement with our consulting geologist that requires him to review all of the results from the exploration work performed upon the mineral claim that we have purchased and then make recommendations based upon those results. In addition, we have a verbal agreement with our accountants to perform requested financial accounting services and our outside auditors to perform auditing functions. Each of these functions requires the services of persons in high demand and these persons may not always be available. The implementation of our business plan may be impaired if these parties do not perform in accordance with our verbal agreement. In addition, it may be difficult to enforce a verbal agreement in the event that any of these parties fail to perform. Because of the unique difficulties and uncertainties inherent in the mineral exploration business, we face a high risk of business failure. Potential investors should be aware of the difficulties normally encountered by new mineral exploration companies and the high rate of failure of such enterprises. The likelihood of success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays 9 Table of Contents encountered in connection with the exploration of the mineral properties that we plan to undertake. These potential problems include, but are not limited to, unanticipated problems relating to exploration, and additional costs and expenses that may exceed current estimates. The search for valuable minerals also involves numerous hazards. As a result, we may become subject to liability for such hazards, including pollution, cave-ins and other hazards against which we cannot insure or against which we may elect not to insure. At the present time, we have no coverage to insure against these hazards. The payment of such liabilities may have a material adverse effect on our financial position. In addition, there is no assurance that the expenditures to be made by us in the exploration of the mineral claims will result in the discovery of mineral deposits. Problems such as unusual or unexpected formations and other conditions are involved in mineral exploration and often result in unsuccessful exploration efforts. Because we anticipate our operating expenses will increase prior to our earning revenues, we may never achieve profitability Prior to completion of our exploration stage, we anticipate that we will incur increased operating expenses without realizing any revenues. We expect to incur continuing and significant losses into the foreseeable future. As a result of continuing losses, we may exhaust all of our resources and be unable to complete the exploration of the Crow Hill mineral claim. Our accumulated deficit will continue to increase as we continue to incur losses. We may not be able to earn profits or continue operations if we are unable to generate significant revenues from the exploration of the mineral claims if we exercise our option. There is no history upon which to base any assumption as to the likelihood that we will be successful, and we may not be able to generate any operating revenues or ever achieve profitable operations. If we are unsuccessful in addressing these risks, our business will most likely fail. Because our president has only agreed to provide his services on a part-time basis, he may not be able or willing to devote a sufficient amount of time to our business operations, causing our business to fail Mr. Gibson, our president and chief financial officer, devotes 5 to 10 hours per week to our business affairs. We do not have an employment agreement with Mr. Gibson nor do we maintain a key man life insurance policy for him. Currently, we do not have any full or part-time employees. If the demands of our business require the full business time of Mr. Gibson, it is possible that Mr. Gibson may not be able to devote sufficient time to the management of our business, as and when needed. If our management is unable to devote a sufficient amount of time to manage our operations, our business will fail. Because our president, Mr. Owen Gibson owns 47.68% of our outstanding common stock, investors may find that corporate decisions influenced by Mr. Gibson are inconsistent with the best interests of other stockholders. Mr. Gibson is our president, chief financial officer and sole director. He owns 47.68% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. Accordingly, he will have a significant influence in determining the outcome of all corporate transactions or other matters, including mergers, consolidations and the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, and also the power to prevent or 10 Table of Contents cause a change in control. While we have no current plans with regard to any merger, consolidation or sale of substantially all of its assets, the interests of Mr. Gibson may still differ from the interests of the other stockholders. Because our president, Mr. Owen Gibson, owns 47.68% of our outstanding common stock, the market price of our shares would most likely decline if he were to sell a substantial number of shares all at once or in large blocks. Our president, Mr. Owen Gibson owns 2,400,000 shares of our common stock which equates to 47.68% of our outstanding common stock. There is presently no public market for our common stock and we plan to apply for quotation of our common stock on the NASD over-the-counter bulletin board upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. If our shares are publicly traded on the over-the-counter bulletin board, Mr. Gibson will eventually be eligible to sell his shares publicly subject to the volume limitations in Rule 144. The offer or sale of a large number of shares at any price may cause the market price to fall. Sales of substantial amounts of common stock or the perception that such transactions could occur, may materially and adversely affect prevailing markets prices for our common stock. If we are unable to successfully compete within the mineral exploration business, we will not be able to achieve profitable operations. The mineral exploration business is highly competitive. This industry has a multitude of competitors and no small number of competitors dominates this industry with respect to any of the large volume metallic minerals. Our exploration activities will be focused on attempting to locate commercially viable gold deposits on the Crow Hill claim. Many of our competitors have greater financial resources than us. As a result, we may experience difficulty competing with other businesses when conducting mineral exploration activities on the Crow Hill mineral claim. If we are unable to retain qualified personnel to assist us in conducting mineral exploration activities on the Crow Hill mineral claim if a commercially viable deposit is found to exist, we may be unable to enter into production and achieve profitable operations. Because of factors beyond our control which could affect the marketability of any substances found, we may be difficulty selling any substances we discover. Even if commercial quantities of reserves are discovered, a ready market may not exist for the sale of the reserves. Numerous factors beyond our control may affect the marketability of any substances discovered. These factors include market fluctuations, the proximity and capacity of natural resource markets and processing equipment, government regulations, including regulations relating to prices, taxes, royalties, land tenure, land use, importing and exporting of minerals and environmental protection. These factors could inhibit our ability to sell minerals in the event that commercial amounts of minerals are found. 11 Table of Contents Risks Related To Legal Uncertainty Because we will be subject to compliance with government regulation which may change, the anticipated costs of our exploration program may increase There are several governmental regulations that materially restrict mineral exploration or exploitation. We may be required to obtain work permits, post bonds and perform remediation work for any physical disturbance to the land in order to comply with these regulations. Currently, we have not experienced any difficulty with compliance of any laws or regulations which affect our business. While our planned exploration program budgets for regulatory compliance, there is a risk that new regulations could increase our costs of doing business, prevent us from carrying out our exploration program, and make compliance with new regulations unduly burdensome. If Native land claims affect the title to our mineral claims, our ability to prospect the mineral claims may be lost. We are unaware of any outstanding native land claims on the Crow Hill mineral claim. Notwithstanding, it is possible that a native land claim could be made in the future. The federal and provincial government policy is at this time is to consult with all potentially affected native bands and other stakeholders in the area of any potential commercial production. In the event that we encounter a situation where a native person or group claims an interest in the Crow Hill mineral claim, we may be unable to provide compensation to the affected party in order to continue with our exploration work, or if such an option is not available, we may have to relinquish any interest that we may have in this claim. The Supreme Court of Canada recently ruled that both the federal and provincial governments in Canada are now obliged to negotiate these matters in good faith with native groups and at no cost to us. Notwithstanding, the costs and/or losses could be greater than our financial capacity and our business would fail. Because the Province of Newfoundland owns the land covered by the Crow Hill mineral claim, our availability to conduct an exploratory program on the Crow Hill mineral claim is subject to the consent of the Government of Newfoundland and Labrador and we can be ejected from the land and our interest in the land could be forfeit. The land covered by the Cow Hill mineral claim is owned by the Government of Newfoundland and Labrador. The availability to conduct an exploratory program on the Crow Hill mineral claim is subject to the consent of the Government of Newfoundland and Labrador. In order to keep the Crow Hill mineral claims in good standing with the Government of Newfoundland and Labrador, the Government of Newfoundland and Labrador requires that before the expiry dates of the mineral claim that exploration work on the mineral claim valued at an amount stipulated by the government be completed together with the payment of a filing fee or payment to the Government of Newfoundland and Labrador in lieu of completing exploration work. In the event that these conditions are not satisfied prior to the expiry dates of the mineral claim, we will lose our interest in the mineral claim and the mineral claim then become available again to any party that wishes to stake an interest in these claims. In the event that either we are 12 Table of Contents ejected from the land or our mineral claims expire, we will lose all interest that we have in the Crow Hill mineral claim. Because new legislation, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, increases the cost of compliance with federal securities regulations as well as the risks of liability to officers and directors, we may find it more difficult for us to retain or attract officers and directors. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 was enacted in response to public concerns regarding corporate accountability in connection with recent accounting scandals. The stated goals of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act are to increase corporate responsibility, to provide for enhanced penalties for accounting and auditing improprieties at publicly traded companies, and to protect investors by improving the accuracy and reliability of corporate disclosures pursuant to the securities laws. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act generally applies to all companies that file or are required to file periodic reports with the SEC, under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Upon becoming a public company, we will be required to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and it is costly to remain in compliance with the federal securities regulations. Additionally, we may be unable to attract and retain qualified officers, directors and members of board committees required to provide for our effective management as a result of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has resulted in a series of rules and regulations by the SEC that increase responsibilities and liabilities of directors and executive officers. The perceived increased personal risk associated with these recent changes may make it more costly or deter qualified individuals from accepting these roles. Significant costs incurred as a result of becoming a public company could divert the use of finances from our operations resulting in our inability to achieve profitability. Risks Related To This Offering If a market for our common stock does not develop, shareholders may be unable to sell their shares A market for our common stock may never develop. We currently plan to apply for quotation of our common stock on the NASD over-the-counter bulletin board upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. However, our shares may never be traded on the bulletin board, or, if traded, a public market may not materialize. If our common stock is not traded on the bulletin board or if a public market for our common stock does not develop, investors may not be able to re-sell the shares of our common stock that they have purchased and may lose all of their investment. If the selling shareholders sell a large number of shares all at once or in blocks, the market price of our shares would most likely decline. The selling shareholders are offering 1,723,450 shares of our common stock through this prospectus. Our common stock is presently not traded on any market or securities exchange, but should a market develop, shares sold at a price below the current market price at which the common stock is trading will cause that market price to decline. Moreover, the offer or sale of a large number of shares at any price may cause the market price to fall. The outstanding shares of 13 Table of Contents common stock covered by this prospectus represent 34.24% of the common shares outstanding as of the date of this prospectus. Because we will be subject to the “Penny Stock” rules once our shares are quoted on the over-the-counter bulletin board, the level of trading activity in our stock may be reduced. Broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in "penny stocks" are regulated by penny stock rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than $5.00 (other than securities registered on some national securities exchanges or quoted on Nasdaq). The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer's presumed control over the market, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account. In addition, broker-dealers who sell these securities to persons other than established customers and "accredited investors" must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written agreement to the transaction. Consequently, these requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity, if any, in the secondary market for a security subject to the penny stock rules, and investors in our common stock may find it difficult to sell their shares. If our shares are quoted on the over-the-counter bulletin board, we will be required to remain current in our filings with the SEC and our securities will not be eligible for quotation if we are not current in our filings with the SEC. In the event that our shares are quoted on the over-the-counter bulletin board, we will be required order to remain current in our filings with the SEC in order for shares of our common stock to be eligible for quotation on the over-the-counter bulletin board. In the event that we become delinquent in our required filings with the SEC, quotation of our common stock will be terminated following a 30 or 60 day grace period if we do not make our required filing during that time. If our shares are not eligible for quotation on the over-the-counter bulletin board, investors in our common stock may find it difficult to sell their shares. Forward-Looking Statements This prospectus contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. We use words such as anticipate, believe, plan, expect, future, intend and similar expressions to identify such forward-looking statements. The actual results could differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Our actual results are most likely to differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements for many reasons, including the risks faced by us described in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this prospectus. 14 Table of Contents Use of Proceeds We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the common stock offered through this prospectus by the selling shareholders. Determination of Offering Price All shares being offered will be sold by existing shareholders without our involvement, consequently the actual price of the stock will be determined by prevailing market prices at the time of sale or by private transactions negotiated by the selling shareholders. The offering price will thus be determined by market factors and the independent decisions of the selling shareholders. Dilution The common stock to be sold by the selling shareholders is common stock that is currently issued and outstanding. Accordingly, there will be no dilution to our existing shareholders. Selling Shareholders The selling shareholders named in this prospectus are offering all of the 1,723,450 shares of common stock offered through this prospectus. All of the shares were acquired from us by the selling shareholders in offerings that were exempt from registration pursuant to Rule 903(C)(3) of Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933. The selling shareholders purchased their shares in two offerings completed on November 9, 2007 and November 27, 2007, respectively. The following table provides information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock held by each of the selling shareholders as of December 31, 2006 including: 1. the number of shares owned by each prior to this offering; 2. the total number of shares that are to be offered by each; 3. the total number of shares that will be owned by each upon completion of the offering; 4. the percentage owned by each upon completion of the offering; and 5. the identity of the beneficial holder of any entity that owns the shares. The named party beneficially owns and has sole voting and investment power over all shares or rights to the shares, unless otherwise shown in the table. The numbers in this table assume that none of the selling shareholders sells shares of common stock not being offered in this prospectus or purchases additional shares of common stock, and assumes that all shares offered are sold. The percentages are based on 5,033,450 shares of common stock outstanding on December 31, 2007. 15 Table of Contents Name of Selling Shareholder Shares Owned Prior to this Offering Total Number of Shares to be Offered for Selling Shareholder Account Total Shares to be Owned Upon Completion of this Offering Percent Owned Upon Completion of this Offering Jane Brann 111 Sunmount Bay, SE Calgary, AB T2X 2N1 40,000 40,000 zero zero Jennifer Schaffer 167 Sunmount Bay, SE Calgary, AB T2X 2N2 40,000 40,000 zero zero Fred Gowland 2625 Westside Drive Lethbridge, AB T1J 4N1 150,000 150,000 zero zero Robert Chambers 90 Iroquois Cr. W. Lethbridge, AB T1K 5J4 150,000 150,000 zero zero Joyce Chambers 90 Iroquois Cr. W. Lethbridge, AB T1K 5J4 65,000 65,000 zero zero Don Dormer 829 27 Street, N Lethbridge, AB T1H 3X7 150,000 150,000 zero zero Mark Devine 10720 Maplecrest Road, SE Calgary, AB T2J 1X9 40,000 40,000 zero zero Brent Anderson 107 Algonquin Road, N Lethbridge, AB T1K 5B3 150,000 150,000 zero zero Wayne Britton 58 Heritage Close Lethbridge, AB T1K 6S1 120,000 120,000 zero zero Jon Geske 93 Simon Fraser Blvd. Lethbridge, AB T1K 4R2 120,000 120,000 zero zero Dean Sawa 1105 41st Avenue, N Lethbridge, AB T1H 6B8 120,000 120,000 zero zero Len Besaw 2022 - 21 Avenue, N Lethbridge, AB T1H 4G6 90,000 90,000 zero zero John Grieve 24 Heritage Point, W Lethbridge, AB T1K 7B7 90,000 90,000 zero zero Dave Harper PO Box 851 Vulcan, AB T0L 2B0 90,000 90,000 zero zero 16 Table of Contents Wayne Williams 442 - 100 2 Avenue, S Lethbridge, AB T1J 0B5 65,000 65,000 zero zero Stu Sinclair 161 Covemeadow Crt., NE Calgary, AB T3K 6H1 65,000 65,000 zero zero Danielle Sinclair 161 Covemeadow Crt., NE Calgary, AB T3K 6H1 65,000 65,000 zero zero Glenys Williams 6627 54 Avenue, NW Calgary, AB T3B 3N4 40,000 40,000 zero zero Leanne Robertshaw 5119 Norris Road, NW Calgary, AB T2K 5R6 9,500 9,500 zero zero John Pearce 39 Rose Tree Road, NW Calgary, AB T2K 1M8 8,000 8,000 zero zero Vanessa Sikora 9129 21 Street, SE Calgary, AB T2C 3Z4 6,500 6,500 zero zero Doug Nelson 1212 Lake Fraser Gr. SE Calgary, AB T2J 7H6 8,800 8,800 zero zero Doris Nelson 1212 Lake Fraser Gr. SE Calgary, AB T2J 7H6 6,900 6,900 zero zero Bonnie Poettcker 29 Silverado Creek Cres., SW Calgary, AB T2X 0C6 5,400 5,400 zero zero Chantelle Rauda 88 Stafford Blvd. N Lethbridge, AB T1H 6E3 8,650 8,650 zero zero Jose Rauda 88 Stafford Blvd. N Lethbridge, AB T1H 6E3 7,500 7,500 zero zero Don Maclean Box 2042 Fort Macleod, AB T0L 0X0 5,500 5,500 zero zero Paul Elser 27 Heritage Green, W Lethbridge, AB T1K 7Z7 5,500 5,500 zero zero None of the selling shareholders: (1) has had a material relationship with us other than as a shareholder at any time within the past three years; or (2) has ever been one of our officers or directors. 17 Table of Contents Plan of Distribution The selling shareholders may sell some or all of their common stock in one or more transactions, including block transactions: 1. on such public markets or exchanges as the common stock may from time to time be trading; 2. in privately negotiated transactions; 3. through the writing of options on the common stock; 4. in short sales, or; 5. in any combination of these methods of distribution. The sales price to the public is fixed at $0.10 per share until such time as the shares of our common stock become traded on the NASD Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board or another exchange. Although we intend to apply for quotation of our common stock on the NASD Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board, public trading of our common stock may never materialize. If our common stock becomes traded on the NASD Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board, or another exchange, then the sales price to the public will vary according to the selling decisions of each selling shareholder and the market for our stock at the time of resale. In these circumstances, the sales price to the public may be: 1. the market price of our common stock prevailing at the time of sale; 2. a price related to such prevailing market price of our common stock, or; 3. such other price as the selling shareholders determine from time to time. The shares may also be sold in compliance with the Securities and Exchange Commission's Rule 144. The selling shareholders may also sell their shares directly to market makers acting as agents in unsolicited brokerage transactions. Any broker or dealer participating in such transactions as an agent may receive a commission from the selling shareholders or from such purchaser if they act as agent for the purchaser. If applicable, the selling shareholders may distribute shares to one or more of their partners who are unaffiliated with us. Such partners may, in turn, distribute such shares as described above. We are bearing all costs relating to the registration of the common stock. The selling shareholders, however, will pay any commissions or other fees payable to brokers or dealers in connection with any sale of the common stock. The selling shareholders must comply with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act in the offer and sale of the common stock. In particular, during such times as the selling shareholders may be deemed to be engaged in a distribution of the common stock, and therefore be considered to be an underwriter, they must comply with applicable law and may, among other things: 1. not engage in any stabilization activities in connection with our common stock; 18 Table of Contents 2. furnish each broker or dealer through which common stock may be offered, such copies of this prospectus, as amended from time to time, as may be required by such broker or dealer; and; 3. not bid for or purchase any of our securities or attempt to induce any person to purchase any of our securities other than as permitted under the Securities Exchange Act. Description of Securities Common Stock We have 65,000,000 common shares with a par value of $0.001 per share of common stock authorized, of which 5,033,450 shares were outstanding as of March 31, 2008. Voting Rights Holders of common stock have the right to cast one vote for each share of stock in his or her own name on the books of the corporation, whether represented in person or by proxy, on all matters submitted to a vote of holders of common stock, including the election of directors. There is no right to cumulative voting in the election of directors. Except where a greater requirement is provided by statute or by the Articles of Incorporation, or by the Bylaws, the presence, in person or by proxy duly authorized, of the holder or holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the our common voting stock shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. The vote by the holders of a majority of such outstanding shares is also required to effect certain fundamental corporate changes such as liquidation, merger or amendment of the Company's Articles of Incorporation. Dividends There are no restrictions in our articles of incorporation or bylaws that restrict us from declaring dividends. The Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”) provides that a corporation may pay dividends out of surplus, out the corporation's net profits for the preceding fiscal year, or both provided that there remains in the stated capital account an amount equal to the par value represented by all shares of the corporation's stock raving a distribution preference. We have not declared any dividends, and we do not plan to declare any dividends in the foreseeable future. Pre-emptive Rights Holders of common stock are not entitled to pre-emptive or subscription or conversion rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the Common Stock. All outstanding shares of common stock are, and the shares of common stock offered hereby will be when issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 19 Table of Contents Share Purchase Warrants We have not issued and do not have outstanding any warrants to purchase shares of our common stock. Options We have not issued and do not have outstanding any options to purchase shares of our common stock. Convertible Securities We have not issued and do not have outstanding any securities convertible into shares of our common stock or any rights convertible or exchangeable into shares of our common stock. Preferred Stock We have 10,000,000 preferred shares with a par value of $0.001 per share of preferred stock authorized. As of March 3, 2008, no shares of preferred stock had been issued. Transfer Agent Our transfer agent is Empire Stock Transfer, located at 2470 St. Rose Pkwy, Suite 304 Henderson, NV 89074. Phone: (702) 818-5898. Delaware Anti-Takeover Laws We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL, which applies to "business combinations" such as a merger, asset or stock sale or other transaction that result in financial benefit to an "interested stockholder". An "interested stockholder" is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or within three years prior, did own, 15% or more of a corporation's outstanding voting stock. Section 203 generally prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a "business combination" with an "interested stockholder" for a period of three years following the time that the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless: · prior to entering into the business combination,, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; · upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the number of shares outstanding, those shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers, and employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or 20 Table of Contents · on or subsequent to that time, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. This provision may have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control over us without further actions by our stockholders. Interests of Named Experts and Counsel No expert or counsel named in this prospectus as having prepared or certified any part of this prospectus or having given an opinion upon the validity of the securities being registered or upon other legal matters in connection with the registration or offering of the common stock was employed on a contingency basis, or had, or is to receive, in connection with the offering, a substantial interest, direct or indirect, in the registrant or any of its parents or subsidiaries. Nor was any such person connected with the registrant or any of its parents or subsidiaries as a promoter, managing or principal underwriter, voting trustee, director, officer, or employee. David S. Jennings, Esq., our independent legal counsel, has provided an opinion on the validity of our common stock. Moore & Associates, Chtd., Certified Public Accountants, has audited our financial statements included in this prospectus and registration statement to the extent and for the periods set forth in their audit report. Moore & Associates, Chtd. has presented their report with respect to our audited financial statements. The report of Moore & Associates, Chtd. is included in reliance upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. Richard A. Jeanne, Consulting Geologist has provided a geological evaluation report on the “Crow Hill” mineral property. He was employed on a flat rate consulting fee and he has no interest, nor does he expect any interest in the property or securities of Alba Mineral Exploration, Inc. Description of Business In General We are an exploration stage company that intends to engage in the exploration of mineral properties. We have acquired a mineral claim that we refer to as the Crow Hill mineral claim. Exploration of this mineral claim is required before a final determination as to its viability can be made. The property is located on the east side of the Baie Verte highway (Route 410) approximately 8 km (about 5 miles) south-southwest of Flat Water Pond on the Baie Verte Peninsula, Newfoundland, Canada. It can be accessed from the Baie Verte highway via secondary roads and several 4x4 tracks. Our plan of operations is to carry out exploration work on this claim in order to ascertain whether it possesses commercially exploitable quantities of gold and other metals. We will not be able to 21 Table of Contents determine whether or not the Crow Hill mineral claim contains a commercially exploitable mineral deposit, or reserve, until appropriate exploratory work is done and an economic evaluation based on that work indicates economic viability. Phase I of our exploration program will begin in the Summer of 2008 and will cost approximately $11,290. This phase will consist of a thorough review of the geologic literature, compilation of maps and cross sections pertinent to the Crow Hill property, as well as on-site surface reconnaissance, mapping, sampling, and geochemical analyses. Phase II of our program will consist of on-site trenching, mapping, and sampling, followed by geochemical analyses of the various samples gathered and preparation of a report and data compilation. Phase II of our exploration program will cost approximately $13,290 and will commence in the late Summer or early Fall of 2008. The existence of commercially exploitable mineral deposits in the Crow Hill mineral claim is unknown at the present time and we will not be able to ascertain such information until we receive and evaluate the results of our exploration program. Acquisition of the Crow Hill mineral claim. Through our wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary, Alba Mineral Exploration, Inc., an Alberta corporation, we have acquired a 100% interest in the Crow Hill mineral claim located on the Baie Verte Peninsula on Newfoundland Island, Canada. Our subsidiary’s ownership in the Crow Hill claim was electronically staked and recorded under the electronic mineral claim staking and recording procedures of the Online Mineral Claims Staking System administered by the Department of Natural Resources, Government of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. A party is able to stake and record an interest in a particular mineral claim if no other party has an interest in the said claim that is in good standing and on record. There is no formal agreement between us and/or our subsidiary and the Government of Newfoundland and Labrador. The Crow Hill claim is administered under the Mineral Act of Newfoundland and Labrador. Our interest in the Crow Hill mineral claim will continue for up to twenty years provided that the minimum required expenditures toward exploration work on the claim are made in compliance with the Act. The required amount of expenditures toward exploration work is set by the Province of Newfoundland and Labrador and can be altered in its sole discretion. Currently, the amount required to be expended annually for exploration work within the first year that the mineral claim is acquired is $200 per claim. The required expenditures per claim increase gradually each year up to a maximum of $1,200 per claim for the sixteenth year and beyond. Within 60 days following the anniversary date of the claim, an assessment report on the work performed must be submitted to the Mineral Claims Recorder. Every five years, renewal fee of between $25 and $100 per claim is also required. We selected the Crow Hill mineral property based upon an independent geological report which was commissioned from Richard A. Jeanne, a Consulting Geologist. Mr. Jeanne recommended an exploration program on this claim which will cost us approximately $24,580. 22 Table of Contents Description and Location of the Crow Hill mineral claim The Crow Hill property is located on the Baie Verte Peninsula on Newfoundland Island, Canada. It comprises 575 hectares (1421 acres), approximately centered at latitude 49 0 42’ 43" North, longitude 56 0 20’ 25" West (UTM Zone 21, 547565 Easting - 5506598 Northing). It lies within the area covered by NTS map sheet 12H09. The Government of Newfoundland and Labrador owns the land covered by the Crow Hill mineral claim. Currently, we are not aware of any native land claims that might affect the title to the mineral claim or to Newfoundland and Labrador’s title of the property. Although we are unaware of any situation that would threaten this claim, it is possible that a native land claim could be made in the future. The federal and provincial government policy at this time is to consult with all potentially affected native bands and other stakeholders in the area of any potential commercial production. If we should encounter a situation where a native person or group claims and interest in this claim, we may choose to provide compensation to the affected party in order to continue with our exploration work, or if such an option is not available, we may have to relinquish any interest that we hold in this claim. Geological Exploration Program in General We have obtained an independent Geological Report and have acquired a 100% ownership interest in the Crow Hill mineral claim. Richard A. Jeanne, Consulting Geologist, has prepared this Geological Report and reviewed all available exploration data completed on this mineral claim. Mr. Jeanne is a geologist with offices at 3055 Natalie Street, Reno Nevada, 89509. He has a B.S. in Geology from Northern Arizona University and an M.A. in Geology from Boston University with over 27 years experience since graduation. Mr. Jeanne is a Certified Professional Geologist with the American Institute of Professional Geologists (Certificate Number 8397). The property that is the subject of the Crow Hill mineral claim is undeveloped and does not contain any open-pit or underground mines which can be rehabilitated. There is no commercial production plant or equipment located on the property that is the subject of the mineral claim. Currently, there is no power supply to the mineral claims. We have not yet commenced the field work phase of our initial exploration program. Exploration is currently in the planning stages. Our exploration program is exploratory in nature and there is no assurance that mineral reserves will be found. The details of the Geological Report are provided below. Crow Hill Mineral Claim Geological Report, Dated January 9, 2008 A primary purpose of the geological report is to review information, if any, from the previous exploration of the mineral claims and to recommend exploration procedures to establish the feasibility of commercial production project on the mineral claims. The summary report lists results of the history of the exploration of the mineral claims, the regional and local geology of the mineral claims and the mineralization and the geological formations identified as a result of the prior exploration. The summary report also gave conclusions regarding potential mineralization of the mineral claims and recommended a further geological exploration program. 23 Table of Contents Exploration Potential of the Crow Hill Mineral Claim The Crow Hill property is located within an area of widespread gold mineralization. Four occurrences of gold have been discovered on the property by previous workers. At the time this previous exploration was conducted, the price of gold was less that US$ 400 per ounce and the grades encountered were not significant enough to justify continued exploration. Today's gold prices exceed US$ 850 per ounce, so many deposits that were sub-economic in the 1980's and 1990's are now being reevaluated. Much of the area east and south of the Crow Hill property is covered by current claims owned by various competitors. The extent of current exploration activities in the area is unknown to this author. Potential for bonanza grade mineralization being discovered in the region is excellent. The high grade sample that assayed 105.3 g/t Au reported by Noranda-Muscocho joint venture geologists was collected from quartz float on the east side of Micmac Lake, about 20 km south of Crow Hill. The Micmac Lake area is currently covered by a competitor's valid claims. Gold mineralization has been documented by Noranda-Muscocho geologists on the Crow Hill property. Anomalies revealed by reconnaissance sampling were followed up by trenching and drilling. In the south zone, they recognized a 20 x 70 meter zone of quartz-sericite altered felsic volcanic rocks and a second, parallel zone to the east. Analyses ranged to 1.03 g/t Au from a 12 m channel sample and 1.87 g/t Au over 11.0 m from a diamond drill hole. From one of the trenches, a 1 m interval assayed 6.0 g/t Au and a grab sample yielded 16.0 g/t Au. Samples of mineralized float from the area assayed up to 5.6 g/t Au. The alteration zone in the northern part of the property, exposed by seven trenches, is up to 20 m wide and has been traced for a strike length of 365 m. In addition to samples collected from the trenches, the zone was tested by two diamond drill holes. Assays from channel samples from the north zone included 2.27 g/t Au over 8.0 m and 1.1 g/t over 10 m. No analytical data from the drilling is reported. The region is underlain by rocks of the Omineca tectonic belt. West of the claim are the Rossland and Ymir group rocks of Early Jurassic age, and to the east are rocks of the North American Terrane comprised of the Middle Proterozoic Windermere Supergroup and Lower Cambrian Quartzite Range and Reno formations. In the vicinity of the claim, and structurally overlying the Quartzite Range and Reno formations, are rocks of the Kootenay terrane comprised of the Lardeau Group and the Laib and Active formations. The claim itself appears to be underlain by the Active Formation. Access to the property can be gained by traveling north on highway 410 approximately 25 km from its intersection with Trans-Canada Highway 1 to a secondary road extending eastward toward Middle Arm. At this point, highway 410 crosses two corners of the claim. The secondary road crosses the north central portion of the claim block and 4x4 trails extending north and south from this road provide access to most of the property. 24 Table of Contents The area typically is blanketed with snow during the winter months but during the remainder of the year the climate is moderate. The property is dotted with numerous ponds, streams and boggy areas. Groceries and general supplies and services such as restaurants and lodging are available in the town of Baie Verte, about an hour's drive north from the property. A power line parallels Route 410, from which electrical power could probably be obtained if necessary. Naturally occurring surface water for drilling or other exploration needs should be readily available within a short distance from most any location on the property. The claim is underlain by terrain of modest slopes and relief between the approximate elevations of 150 m and 400 m above sea level. No visit to the property has been made by us or our consulting geologists, so the current extent of vegetative cover is uncertain. Descriptions of the property, however, indicate that it is covered with a dense growth of spruce and balsam fir, with minor birch and aspen. Recommendations From Our Consulting Geologist In order to evaluate the exploration potential of the Crow Hill claim, our consulting geologist has recommended a thorough review of the literature of the region to provide background information on the local and regional geology. In addition, our geologist has recommended on site surface reconnaissance, mapping, sampling, and trenching to be followed by geochemical analyses of the samples to be taken. The primary goal of the exploration program is to identify sites for exploratory drilling. Exploration Budget Phase I Exploration Expenditure Review of geologic literature, compilation of maps & cross sections $ 3,000 On site surface reconnaissance, mapping and sampling $ 4,200 Geochemical Analyses $ 1,800 Other expenses $ 2,290 Phase II On site trenching, mapping, and sampling $ 8,000 Geochemical Analyses $ 1,800 Data compilation and report preparation $ 1,200 Other expenses $ 2,290 Total, Phases I and II $ 24,580 25 Table of Contents While we have not commenced the field work phase of our initial exploration program, we intend to proceed with the initial exploratory work as recommended. We expect that Phase I will begin in the Summer of 2008, with Phase II to begin in the late Summer or Fall of 2008. Upon our review of the results, we will assess whether the results are sufficiently positive to warrant additional phases of the exploration program. We will make the decision to proceed with any further programs based upon our consulting geologist’s review of the results and recommendations. In order to complete significant additional exploration beyond the currently planned Phase I and Phase II, we will need to raise additional capital. Competition The mineral exploration industry, in general, is intensely competitive and even if commercial quantities of reserves are discovered, a ready market may not exist for the sale of the reserves. Most companies operating in this industry are more established and have greater resources to engage in the production of mineral claims. We were incorporated on July 24, 2007 and our operations are not well-established. Our resources at the present time are limited. We may exhaust all of our resources and be unable to complete full exploration of the Crow Hill mineral claim. There is also significant competition to retain qualified personnel to assist in conducting mineral exploration activities. If a commercially viable deposit is found to exist and we are unable to retain additional qualified personnel, we may be unable to enter into production and achieve profitable operations. These factors set forth above could inhibit our ability to compete with other companies in the industry and entered into production of the mineral claim if a commercial viable deposit is found to exist. Numerous factors beyond our control may affect the marketability of any substances discovered. These factors include market fluctuations, the proximity and capacity of natural resource markets and processing equipment, government regulations, including regulations relating to prices, taxes, royalties, land tenure, land use, importing and exporting of minerals and environmental protection. The exact effect of these factors cannot be accurately predicted, but the combination of these factors may result our not receiving an adequate return on invested capital. Compliance with Government Regulation The main agency that governs the exploration of minerals in the Province of Newfoundland and Labrador is the Department of Natural Resources. The Department of Natural Resources manages the development of Newfoundland and Labrador’s mineral resources, and implements policies and programs respecting their development while protecting the environment. In addition, the Department regulates and inspects the exploration and mineral production industries in Newfoundland and Labrador to protect workers, the public and the environment. 26 Table of Contents The material legislation applicable to Alba Mineral Exploration, Inc. is the Mineral Act of Newfoundland and Labrador. Any person who intends to conduct an exploration program on a staked or licensed area must submit prior notice with a detailed description of the activity to the Department of Natural Resources. An exploration program that may result in major ground disturbance or disruption to wildlife or wildlife habitat must have an Exploration Approval from the department before the activity can commence. We will also have to sustain the cost of reclamation and environmental remediation for all exploration work undertaken. Both reclamation and environmental remediation refer to putting disturbed ground back as close to its original state as possible. Other potential pollution or damage must be cleaned-up and renewed along standard guidelines outlined in the usual permits. Reclamation is the process of bringing the land back to its natural state after completion of exploration activities. Environmental remediation refers to the physical activity of taking steps to remediate, or remedy any environmental damage caused such as refilling trenches after sampling or cleaning up fuel spills. Our initial exploration program does not require any reclamation or remediation because of minimal disturbance to the ground. The amount of these costs is not known at this time because we do not know the extent of the exploration program we will undertake, beyond completion of the recommended exploration phase described above, or if we will enter into production on the property. Because there is presently no information on the size, tenor, or quality of any resource or reserve at this time, it is impossible to assess the impact of any capital expenditures on our earnings or competitive position in the event a potentially-economic deposit is discovered. Employees We have no employees as of the date of this prospectus other than our president and CEO, Mr. Gibson. We conduct our business largely through agreements with consultants and other independent third party vendors. Research and Development Expenditures We have not incurred any research or development expenditures since our incorporation. Subsidiaries We plan to conduct our business operations in Canada through our wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary, Alba Mineral Exploration, Inc., an Alberta corporation (“Alba Canada”). Alba Canada, which holds our interest in the Crow Hill mineral claim, was incorporated under the laws of the Province of Alberta on August 26, 2007. Our sole officer and director, Mr. Owen Gibson, also serves as the sole officer and director of Alba Canada. Patents and Trademarks We do not own, either legally or beneficially, any patent or trademark. 27 Table of Contents Description of Property The Crow Hill property is located on the Baie Verte Peninsula on Newfoundland Island, Canada. It comprises 575 hectares (1421 acres), approximately centered at latitude 490 42’ 43" North, longitude 560 20’ 25" West (UTM Zone 21, 547565 Easting - 5506598 Northing). It lies within the area covered by NTS map sheet 12H09. Figure 1 . Location map of the Crow Hill property 28 Table of Contents Figure 2 . Claim plan, Crow Hill property, outlined in blue. Legal Proceedings We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings. We are not aware of any pending legal proceeding to which any of our officers, directors, or any beneficial holders of 5% or more of our voting securities are adverse to us or have a material interest adverse to us. Our agent for service of process in Delaware is Business Filings, Inc., 108 West 13 th Street, Wilmington, DE 19801. Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters No Public Market for Common Stock . There is presently no public market for our common stock. We anticipate making an application for trading of our common stock on the NASD over the counter bulletin board upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. We can provide no assurance that our shares will be traded on the bulletin board, or if traded, that a public market will materialize. 29 Table of Contents The Securities Exchange Commission has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than $5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the Commission, that: (a) contains a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading;(b) contains a description of the broker's or dealer's duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to a violation to such duties or other requirements of Securities' laws; (c) contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price;(d) contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions;(e) defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and;(f) contains such other information and is in such form, including language, type, size and format, as the Commission shall require by rule or regulation. The broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, the customer with; (a) bid and offer quotations for the penny stock;(b) the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction;(c) the number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; and (d) a monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules; the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our stock if it becomes subject to these penny stock rules. Therefore, because our common stock is subject to the penny stock rules, stockholders may have difficulty selling those securities. Holders of Our Common Stock Currently, we have thirty-four (34) holders of record of our common stock. Rule 144 Shares None of our common stock is currently available for resale to the public under Rule 144. 30 Table of Contents In general, under Rule 144 as currently in effect, a person who has beneficially owned shares of a company's common stock for at least one year is entitled to sell within any three month period a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of: 1. one percent of the number of shares of the company's common stock then outstanding, which, in our case, will equal approximately 80,440 shares as of the date of this prospectus, or; 2. the average weekly trading volume of the company's common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on form 144 with respect to the sale. Sales under Rule 144 are also subject to manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about the company. Under Rule 144(k), a person who is not one of the company's affiliates at any time during the three months preceding a sale, and who has beneficially owned the shares proposed to be sold for at least two years, is entitled to sell shares without complying with the manner of sale, public information, volume limitation or notice provisions of Rule 144. Stock Option Grants To date, we have not granted any stock options. Registration Rights We have not granted registration rights to the selling shareholders or to any other persons. We are paying the expenses of the offering because we seek to: (i) become a reporting company with the Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (ii) enable our common stock to be traded on the NASD over-the-counter bulletin board. We plan to file a Form 8-A registration statement with the Commission to cause us to become a reporting company with the Commission under the 1934 Act. We must be a reporting company under the 1934 Act in order that our common stock is eligible for trading on the NASD over-the-counter bulletin board. We believe that the registration of the resale of shares on behalf of existing shareholders may facilitate the development of a public market in our common stock if our common stock is approved for trading on a recognized market for the trading of securities in the United States. We consider that the development of a public market for our common stock will make an investment in our common stock more attractive to future investors. In the near future, in order for us to continue with our mineral exploration program, we will need to raise additional capital. We believe that obtaining reporting company status under the 1934 Act and trading on the OTCBB should increase our ability to raise these additional funds from investors. 31 Table of Contents Financial Statements Index to Financial Statements: Index to Financial Statements: 1. Audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007 including: F-1 Report of Independent Certified Public Accounting Firm; F-2 Balance Sheet; F-3 Statement of Operations; F-4 Statement of Stockholders' Equity; and F-5 Statement of Cash Flows; F-6 Notes to Financial Statements. 32 Table of Contents MOORE & ASSOCIATES, CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS AND ADVISORS PCAOB REGISTERED REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors Alba Mineral Exploration Inc. (A Development Stage Company) We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Alba Mineral Exploration Inc. (A Development Stage Company) as of December 31, 2007, and the related statements of operations, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for the period ended December 31, 2007 and since inception on July 24, 2007 through December 31, 2007. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Alba Mineral Exploration Inc. (A Development Stage Company) as of December 31, 2007, and the related statements of operations, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for the period ended December 31, 2007 and since inception on July 24, 2007 through December 31, 2007, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company does not have a consistent source of revenues, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans concerning these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. /s/ Moore & Associates, Chartered Moore & Associates Chartered Las Vegas, Nevada March 27, 2008 2675 S. Jones Blvd. Suite 109, Las Vegas, NV 89146 (702) 253-7499 Fax (702) 253-7501 F-1 Table of Contents ALBA MINERAL EXPLORATION, INC. (A Development Stage Company) Balance Sheet ASSETS December 31, 2007 CURRENT ASSETS Cash $ 34,386 Total Current Assets 34,386 OTHER ASSETS Mineral properties - Total Other Assets - TOTAL ASSETS $ 34,386 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES Accounts payable $ - Total Current Liabilities $ - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Common stock; 75,000,000 shares authorized, at $0.001 par value, 5,033,450 shares issued and outstanding 5,033 Additional paid-in capital 30,312 Deficit accumulated during the exploration stage $ (959) Total Stockholders' Equity 34,386 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY $ 34,386 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-2 Table of Contents ALBA MINERAL EXPLORATION, INC. (A Development Stage Company) Statement of Operations From Inception on July 24, 2007 Through December 31, 2007 REVENUES $ - OPERATING EXPENSES General and administrative 959 Total Expenses 959 LOSS FROM OPERATIONS (959) NET LOSS $ (9590 BASIC LOSS PER COMMON SHARE $ (0.00) WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING 2,516,725 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents ALBA MINERAL EXPLORATION, INC. (A Development Stage Company) Statement of Stockholders' Equity Common Stock Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Balance at inception on July 24, 2007 - $ - $ - $ - $ - Common stock issued for cash at $0.001 per share on September 4, 2007 2,400,000 2,400 - - 2,400 Common stock issued for cash at $0.01 per share on November 9, 2007 2,560,000 2,560 23,040 - 25,600 Common stock issued for cash at $0.10 per share on November 27, 2007 73,450 73 7,272 - 7,345 Net loss from inception through December 31, 2007 - - - (959 ) (959) Balance, December 31, 2007 5,033,450 $ 5,033 $ 30,312 $ (959 ) $ 34,386 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents ALBA MINERAL EXPLORATION, INC. (A Development Stage Company) Statement of Cash Flows From Inception on July 24, 2007 Through December 31, 2007 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss $ (959) Net Cash Used by Operating Activities (9590 INVESTING ACTIVITIES - FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from issuance of common stock 35,345 Net Cash Used by Financing Activities 35,345 NET DECREASE IN CASH 34,386 CASH AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD - CASH AT END OF PERIOD $ 34,386 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION CASH PAID FOR: Interest $ - Income Taxes $ - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents ALBA MINERAL EXPLORATION, INC. (A Development Stage Company) Notes to Financial Statements December 31, 2007 NOTE 1 – NATURE OF ORGANIZATION a. Organization and Business Activities Alba Mineral Exploration, Inc. (the Company) was organized on July 24, 2007, under the laws of the State of Delaware, having the purpose of engaging in the mineral exploration and development. The Company became qualified in the Province of Alberta Canada on August 26, 2007. b. Depreciation The cost of the property and equipment will be depreciated over the estimated useful life of 5 to 7 years. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method when assets are placed in service. c. Accounting Method The Company’s financial statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting. The Company has elected a December 31 year-end. d. Cash and Cash Equivalents For the purpose of the statements of cash flows, the Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be a cash equivalent. e. Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. f. Revenue Recognition The Company recognizes revenue when products are fully delivered or services have been provided and collection is reasonably assured. g. Organization Costs The Company has expensed the costs of its incorporation. F-6 Table of Contents ALBA MINERAL EXPLORATION, INC. (A Development Stage Company) Notes to Financial Statements December 31, 2007 NOTE 1 – NATURE OF ORGANIZATION (CONTINUED) h. Advertising The Company follows the policy of charging the costs of advertising to expense as incurred. i. Concentrations of Risk The Company’s bank accounts are deposited in insured institutions. The funds are insured up to $100,000. At December 31, 2007, the Company’s bank deposits did not exceed the insured amounts. j. Basic Loss Per Share The computation of basic loss per share of common stock is based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period. For the Period Ended December 31, 2007 Loss (numerator) $ (959) Shares (denominator) 2,516,725 Per share amount $ (0.00) k. Income Taxes Deferred taxes are provided on a liability method whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates. F-7 Table of Contents ALBA MINERAL EXPLORATION, INC. (A Development Stage Company) Notes to Financial Statements December 31, 2007 NOTE 1 – NATURE OF ORGANIZATION (CONTINUED) k. Income Taxes (Continued) Net deferred tax assets consist of the following components as of December 31, 2007: For the Period Ended December 31, 2007 Deferred tax assets NOL Carryover $ 374) Valuation allowance (374) Net deferred tax assets $ - The income tax provision differs from the amount of income tax determined by applying the U.S. federal and state income tax rates of 39% to pretax income from continuing operations for the period ended December 31, 2007. For the Period Ended December 31, 2007 Book income $ (374) Valuation allowance 374 $ - At December 31, 2007, the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $959 that may be offset against future taxable income through 2027. No tax benefit has been reported in the December 31, 2007, financial statements since the potential tax benefit is offset by a valuation allowance of the same amount. Due to the change in ownership provisions of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, net operating carryforwards for Federal Income tax reporting purposes are subject to annual limitations. Should a change in ownership occur, net operating loss carryforwards may be limited as to use in future years. F-8 Table of Contents ALBA MINERAL EXPLORATION, INC. (A Development Stage Company) Notes to Financial Statements December 31, 2007 NOTE 2 – GOING CONCERN The Company’s financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has had no income and generated losses from operations. In order to continue as a going concern and achieve a profitable level of operations, the Company will need, among other things, additional capital resources and developing a consistent source of revenues. Management’s plans include using the proceeds from the private placement of shares of its common stock to development an inventory and a website for its products. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully accomplish the plan described in the preceding paragraph and eventually attain profitable operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. NOTE 3 – STOCK OFFERING The Company completed three stock offerings during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007. On September 4, 2007, the Company issued 2,400,000 shares of its common stock for cash at $0.001 per share. On November 9, 2007, the Company issued 2,560,000 shares of its common stock for cash at $0.01 per share. On November 27, 2007, the Company issued 73,450 shares of its common stock for cash at $0.10 per share. NOTE 4 – NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS In September 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 157, “Fair Value Measurements” which defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. Where applicable, SFAS No. 157 simplifies and codifies related guidance within GAAP and does not require any new fair value measurements. SFAS No. 157 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Earlier adoption is encouraged. The Company does not expect the adoption of SFAS No. 157 to have a significant effect on its financial position or results of operation. F-9 Table of Contents NOTE 4 – NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS (CONTINUED) In June 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued FASB Interpretation No. 48, “Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes – an interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109”, which prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. FIN 48 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. FIN 48 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2006. The Company does not expect the adoption of FIN 48 to have a material impact on its financial reporting, and the Company is currently evaluating the impact, if any, the adoption of FIN 48 will have on its disclosure requirements. In March 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 156, “Accounting for Servicing of Financial Assets—an amendment of FASB Statement No. 140.” This statement requires an entity to recognize a servicing asset or servicing liability each time it undertakes an obligation to service a financial asset by entering into a servicing contract in any of the following situations: a transfer of the servicer’s financial assets that meets the requirements for sale accounting; a transfer of the servicer’s financial assets to a qualifying special-purpose entity in a guaranteed mortgage securitization in which the transferor retains all of the resulting securities and classifies them as either available-for-sale securities or trading securities; or an acquisition or assumption of an obligation to service a financial asset that does not relate to financial assets of the servicer or its consolidated affiliates. The statement also requires all separately recognized servicing assets and servicing liabilities to be initially measured at fair value, if practicable, and permits an entity to choose either the amortization or fair value method for subsequent measurement of each class of servicing assets and liabilities. The statement further permits, at its initial adoption, a one-time reclassification of available for sale securities to trading securities by entities with recognized servicing rights, without calling into question the treatment of other available for sale securities under Statement 115, provided that the available for sale securities are identified in some manner as offsetting the entity’s exposure to changes in fair value of servicing assets or servicing liabilities that a servicer elects to subsequently measure at fair value and requires separate presentation of servicing assets and servicing liabilities subsequently measured at fair value in the statement of financial position and additional disclosures for all separately recognized servicing assets and servicing liabilities. This statement is effective for fiscal years beginning after September 15, 2006, with early adoption permitted as of the beginning of an entity’s fiscal year. Management believes the adoption of this statement will have no immediate impact on the Company’s financial condition or results of operations. F-10 Table of Contents NOTE 5 - MINERAL PROPERTIES The Company owns various gold claims in the Province of Newfoundland Canada. The claims were acquired from the Company’s founding shareholders. They are recorded at the cost to the shareholders of $-0-. F-11 Table of Contents Plan of Operations We were incorporated on July 24, 2007, under the laws of the state of Delaware. Through our wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary, Alba Mineral Exploration, Inc., an Alberta corporation, we hold a 100% interest in the Crow Hill mineral claim, located on Newfoundland Island, Canada. Mr. Owen Gibson is our President, CEO, Secretary, Treasurer, and sole director. Our business plan is to proceed with the exploration of the Crow Hill mineral claim to determine whether there are commercially exploitable reserves of gold or other metals. We intend to proceed with the initial exploration program as recommended by our consulting geologist. The recommended geological program will cost a total of approximately $24,580. We had $34,386 in working capital as of December 31, 2007. Our plan of operations for the twelve months following the date of this prospectus is to complete the recommended exploration program on the Crow Hill mineral claim. Phase I would consist of a review of the geologic literature pertinent to the Crow Hill property, as well as on site surface reconnaissance, mapping, sampling, and geochemical analyses. This phase of the program will cost approximately $11,290. We anticipate commencing this phase of exploration in the Summer of 2008. Phase II would entail on-site trenching, mapping and sampling, followed by geochemical analyses of the samples taken and compilation of the data. The Phase II program will cost approximately $13,290. We anticipate commencing this phase in the late Summer or Fall of 2008. We have not retained a geologist to conduct any of the anticipated exploration work. In the next 12 months, we also anticipate spending an additional $20,000 on administrative expenses, including fees payable in connection with the filing of this registration statement and complying with reporting obligations. Total expenditures over the next 12 months are therefore expected to be approximately $45,000. Once we receive the analyses of our initial exploration program, our board of directors, in consultation with our consulting geologist will assess whether to proceed with additional mineral exploration programs. In making this determination to proceed with a further exploration, we will make an assessment as to whether the results of the initial program are sufficiently positive to enable us to proceed. This assessment will include an evaluation of our cash reserves after the completion of the initial exploration, the price of minerals, and the market for the financing of mineral exploration projects at the time of our assessment. In the event our board of directors, in consultation with our consulting geologist, chooses to conduct further mineral exploration programs beyond the initial program, we will require additional financing. While we have sufficient funds on hand to cover the currently planned exploration costs, we will require additional funding in order to undertake further exploration 33 Table of Contents programs on the Crow Hill mineral claim and to cover all of our anticipated administrative expenses. In the event that additional exploration programs on the Crow Hill claim are undertaken, we anticipate that additional funding will be required in the form of equity financing from the sale of our common stock and from loans from our director. We cannot provide investors with any assurance, however, that we will be able to raise sufficient funding from the sale of our common stock to fund all of our anticipated expenses. We do not have any arrangements in place for any future equity financing. We believe that outside debt financing will not be an alternative for funding exploration programs on the Crow Hill property. The risky nature of this enterprise and lack of tangible assets other than our mineral claim places debt financing beyond the credit-worthiness required by most banks or typical investors of corporate debt until such time as an economically viable mine can be demonstrated. In the event the results of our initial exploration program proves not to be sufficiently positive to proceed with further exploration on the Crow Hill mineral claim, we intend to seek out and acquire interests in North American mineral exploration properties which, in the opinion of our consulting geologist, offer attractive mineral exploration opportunities. Presently, we have not given any consideration to the acquisition of other exploration properties because we have not yet commenced our initial exploration program and have not received any results. During this exploration stage Mr. Gibson, our President, will only be devoting approximately five to ten hours per week of his time to our business. We do not foresee this limited involvement as negatively impacting our company over the next twelve months as all exploratory work is being performed by outside consultants. If, however, the demands of our business require more business time of Mr. Gibson such as raising additional capital or addressing unforeseen issues with regard to our exploration efforts, he is prepared to devote more time to our business. However, he may not be able to devote sufficient time to the management of our business, as and when needed. We do not have plans to purchase any significant equipment or change the number of our employees during the next twelve months. Off Balance Sheet Arrangements As of December 31, 2007, there were no off balance sheet arrangements. Results of Operations for Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2007 We did not earn any revenues from inception through the fiscal year ending December 31, 2007. We do not anticipate earning revenues until such time that we exercise our option entered into commercial production of the Crow Hill mineral property. We are presently about to begin the exploration stage of our business and we can provide no assurance that we will discover commercially exploitable levels of mineral resources on the Crow Hill mineral property, or if such resources are discovered, that we will enter into commercial production. 34 Table of Contents We incurred operating expenses in the amount of $959 from our inception on July 24, 2007, until December 31, 2007. These operating expenses consisted of general and administrative expenses. We anticipate our operating expenses will increase as we undertake our plan of operations. The increase will be attributable to undertaking our geological exploration program and the professional fees that we will incur in connection with the filing of a registration statement with the Securities Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933. We anticipate our ongoing operating expenses will also increase once we become a reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2007, we had cash of $34,386 and operating capital of $34,386. We have not attained profitable operations and are dependent upon obtaining financing to pursue significant exploration activities beyond those planned for the current fiscal year. For these reasons, our auditors stated in their report that they have substantial doubt we will be able to continue as a going concern. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants We have had no changes in or disagreements with our accountants. Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters And Control Persons Our executive officers and directors and their respective ages as of December 31, 2007 are as follows: Name Age Position(s) and Office(s) Held Owen Gibson 53 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Director Set forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of each of our current executive officers and directors. Owen Gibson. Mr. Gibson is our CEO, CFO, President, Secretary, Treasurer and sole director. Mr. Gibson is a graduate of the Alberta Institute of Technology with a degree in Business Administration, Marketing. He was employed by McCain Foods Ltd. from 1979 to 1981, where he was responsible for retail and institutional sales in the Calgary area. Mr. Gibson left McCain Foods Ltd. 1981 and worked for Canadian Landmasters Resource Services Ltd. of Calgary as a Land Agent in the oil and gas industry from 1981 to1983. In that position, he was responsible for acquiring surface leases, pipeline right of ways, and other rights throughout Alberta. From 1983 to 1988, Mr. Gibson worked for UMA Engineering Ltd., Lethbridge, where he worked in their survey department and was contracted out to Irrigation Districts to negotiate land requirements for irrigation canal rehabilitation. From 1988 to the present, Mr. Gibson has worked at Alberta Environment, Water Management Operations., an agency assigned with responsibility for managing, operating and maintaining the Provincially-owned water management infrastructure in 35 Table of Contents Alberta. He is currently Land and Contract Management Coordinator, Southern Region. In that position, he is responsible for administration of all the Water Management infrastructure land base and service contracts. Directors Our bylaws authorize no less than one (1) director. We currently have one Director. Term of Office Our Directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the board. Significant Employees Owen Gibson is our only employee. We conduct our business through agreements with consultants and arms-length third parties. Current arrangements in place include the following: 1. A verbal agreement with our consulting geologist provides that he will review all of the results from the exploratory work performed upon the site and make recommendations based on those results in exchange for payments equal to the usual and customary rates received by geologist firms performing similar consulting services. 2. Verbal agreements with our accountants to perform requested financial accounting services. 3. Written agreements with auditors to perform audit functions at their respective normal and customary rates. Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis The Company presently not does have employment agreements with any of its named executive officers and it has not established a system of executive compensation or any fixed policies regarding compensation of executive officers. Due to financial constraints typical of those faced by a development stage mineral exploration business, the company has not paid any cash and/or stock compensation to its named executive officers Our current named executive officer holds substantial ownership in the Company and is motivated by a strong entrepreneurial interest in developing our operations and potential revenue base to the best of his ability. As our business and operations expand and mature, we may develop a formal system of compensation designed to attract, retain and motivate talented executives. 36 Table of Contents Summary Compensation Table The table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to each named executive officer for our last two completed fiscal years for all services rendered to us. SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and principal position Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) Stock Awards ($) Option Awards ($) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Owen Gibson, CEO, CFO, President, Secretary-Treasurer, & Director 2007 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Narrative Disclosure to the Summary Compensation Table Our named executive officers do not currently receive any compensation from the Company for their service as officers of the Company. Outstanding Equity Awards At Fiscal Year-end Table The table below summarizes all unexercised options, stock that has not vested, and equity incentive plan awards for each named executive officer outstanding as of the end of our last completed fiscal year. OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END OPTION AWARDS STOCK AWARDS Name Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) Option Exercise Price ($) Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Shares of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) Market Value of Shares or Shares of Stock That Have Not Vested ($) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Numb er of Unearned Shares, Shares or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Shares or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) Owen Gibson 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 37 Table of Contents Compensation of Directors Table The table below summarizes all compensation paid to our directors for our last completed fiscal year. DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) Option Awards ($) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Owen Gibson 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Narrative Disclosure to the Director Compensation Table Our directors do not currently receive any compensation from the Company for their service as members of the Board of Directors of the Company. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management The following table sets forth, as of March 3, 2008, the beneficial ownership of our common stock by each executive officer and director, by each person known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of the our common stock and by the executive officers and directors as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, all shares are owned directly and the percentage shown is based on 5,033,450 shares of common stock issued and outstanding on March 3, 2008. Title of class Name and address of beneficial owner Amount of beneficial ownership Percent of class * Common Owen Gibson 2 Mic Mac Place Lethbridge, AB T1K 5H6 2,400,000 47.68% Common Total all executive officers and directors 2,400,000 47.68% Common 5% Shareholders None As used in this table, "beneficial ownership" means the sole or shared power to vote, or to direct the voting of, a security, or the sole or shared investment power with respect to a security (i.e., the power to dispose of, or to direct the disposition of, a security). In addition, for purposes of this table, a person is deemed, as of any date, to have "beneficial ownership" of any security that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days after such date. The persons named above have full voting and investment power with respect to the shares indicated. Under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, a person (or group of 38 Table of Contents persons) is deemed to be a "beneficial owner" of a security if he or she, directly or indirectly, has or shares the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security, or the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. Accordingly, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security, which that person has the right to acquire within 60 days, such as options or warrants to purchase our common stock. Disclosure of Commission Position of Indemnification for Securities Act Liabilities In accordance with the provisions in our articles of incorporation, we will indemnify an officer, director, or former officer or director, to the full extent permitted by law. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Act") may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of us in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions None of the following parties has, since our date of incorporation, had any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction with us or in any presently proposed transaction that has or will materially affect us: · Any of our directors or officers; · Any person proposed as a nominee for election as a director; · Any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, shares carrying more than 10% of the voting rights attached to our outstanding shares of common stock; · Any of our promoters; · Any relative or spouse of any of the foregoing persons who has the same house address as such person. 39 Table of Contents Available Information We have filed a registration statement on form SB-2 under the Securities Act of 1933 with the Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to the shares of our common stock offered through this prospectus. This prospectus is filed as a part of that registration statement, but does not contain all of the information contained in the registration statement and exhibits. Statements made in the registration statement are summaries of the material terms of the referenced contracts, agreements or documents of the company. We refer you to our registration statement and each exhibit attached to it for a more detailed description of matters involving the company. You may inspect the registration statement, exhibits and schedules filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission at the Commission's principal office in Washington, D.C. Copies of all or any part of the registration statement may be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the Securities and Exchange Commission, 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please Call the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the operation of the public reference rooms. The Securities and Exchange Commission also maintains a web site at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy Statements and information regarding registrants that files electronically with the Commission. Our registration statement and the referenced exhibits can also be found on this site. If we are not required to provide an annual report to our security holders, we intend to still voluntarily do so when otherwise due, and will attach audited financial statements with such report. Dealer Prospectus Delivery Obligation Until ________________, all dealers that effect transactions in these securities whether or not participating in this offering may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers' obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions. 40 Table of Contents Part II Information Not Required In the Prospectus Item 13. Other Expenses Of Issuance And Distribution The estimated costs of this offering are as follows: Securities and Exchange Commission registration fee $ 6.77 Federal Taxes $ 0 State Taxes and Fees $ 0 Listing Fees $ 0 Printing and Engraving Fees $ 0 Transfer Agent Fees $ 0 Accounting fees and expenses $ 5,000 Legal fees and expenses $ 10,000 Total $ 15,006.77 All amounts are estimates, other than the Commission's registration fee. We are paying all expenses of the offering listed above. No portion of these expenses will be borne by the selling shareholders. The selling shareholders, however, will pay any other expenses incurred in selling their common stock, including any brokerage commissions or costs of sale. Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers Our officers and directors are indemnified as provided by the Delaware General Corporation Law and our articles of incorporation and our bylaws. Pursuant to our articles of incorporation and our bylaws, we may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative, (other than an action by or in the right of us) by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or agent of the company or is or was serving at the request of us as a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorney fees), judgments, fines, and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably believed to be in our best interests and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit, or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, or conviction or upon a pleas of nolo contenders or its equivalent shall not of itself create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in our best interests and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. 41 Table of Contents Our articles of incorporation and bylaws also provide that we may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action or suit by or in the right of our company or procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee, or agent of our company or is or was serving at our request as a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorney fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in our best interests: but no indemnification shall be made in respect to any claim, issue, or matter as to which such person has been adjudged to be liable for negligence or misconduct in the performance of his duty to us unless and only to the extent that the court in which such action or suit was brought determines upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability, but in view of all circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification for such expenses which such court deems proper. To the extent that a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or agent of a corporation has been successful on the merits in defense of any action, suit, or proceeding referred to in the preceding two paragraphs or in defense of any claim, issue, or matter therein, he shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorney fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith. The indemnification provided by the provisions described in this section shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification may be entitled under our articles of incorporation, the bylaws, agreements, vote of the shareholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, both as to action in his official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office, and shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs and personal representatives of such a person. Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities We closed an issue to 2,400,000 shares of common stock on September, 2007 to our sole officer and director, Owen Gibson, at a price of $0.001 per share. The total proceeds received from this offering were $2,400. These shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 and are restricted shares as defined in the Securities Act. We did not engage in any general solicitation or advertising. We completed an offering of 2,560,000 shares of our common stock at a price of $0.01 per share to a total of twenty-three (23) purchasers on November 9, 2007. The total amount we received from this offering was $25,600. We completed an offering of 73,450 shares of our common stock at $0.10 per share to a total of ten (10) purchasers on November 27, 2007. The total amount we received from this offering was $7,345. The identity of the purchasers from both of these offerings is included in the selling shareholder table set forth above. We completed both of these offerings pursuant Rule 903(C)(3) of Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933. 42 Table of Contents Item 16. Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Articles of Incorporation 3.2 By-Laws 5.1 Opinion of David S. Jennings, Esq.., with consent to use 23.1 Consent of Moore & Associates 99.1 Geological Report of Richard A. Jeanne, Consulting Geologist Item 17. Undertakings The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) to include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii) to reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; and (iii) to include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement. (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (4) That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act to any purchaser, (a) If the Company is relying on Rule 430B: i. Each prospectus filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and 43 Table of Contents ii. Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by section 10(a) of the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof; provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such effective date; or (b) If the Company is subject to Rule 430C: Each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness; provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. (5) That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution of securities: The undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer and sell such securities to the purchaser: (i) any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) the portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. 44 Table of Contents (6) Insofar as Indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provision, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question of whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. SIGNATURES SIGNATURES In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form S-1 and authorized this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, in Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada, on March 31, 2008. ALBA MINERAL EXPLORATION, INC. By: /s/ Owen Gibson Owen Gibson President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Director POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Owen Gibson as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and re-substitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments) to this registration statement, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent or any of them, or of their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates stated. By: /s/ Owen Gibson Owen Gibson President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Director March 31, 2008
