As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 12, 2008 Registration No. 333-______ ================================================================================ UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 MASSEY EXPLORATION CORP. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 1000 (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) N/A (IRS Employer Identification No.) 300,508 24th Avenue SW Calgary, Alberta T2S 0K4 Telephone (403)228-9909 Facsimile (403)228-9908 (Address and telephone number of registrant's principal executive offices) Empire Stock Transfer 2470 St. Rose Parkway, Suite 304 Henderson, NV 89074 Telephone (702) 818-5898 Facsimile (702) 974-1444 (Name, address and telephone number of agent for service) Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this Registration Statement. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box. [X] If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act Registration Statement number of the earlier effective Registration Statement for the same offering. [ ] If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act Registration Statement number of the earlier effective Registration Statement for the same offering. [ ] If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act Registration Statement number of the earlier effective Registration Statement for the same offering. [ ] Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. Large accelerated filer [ ] Accelerated Filer [ ] Non-accelerated filer [ ] Smaller reporting company [X] CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE ================================================================================ Title of Each Proposed Proposed Class of Maximum Maximum Securities Offering Aggregate Amount of to be Amount to be Price Per Offering Registration Registered Registered Share (2) Price (3) Fee (1) - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Common Stock 3,300,000 $.02 $66,000 $2.60 ================================================================================ (1) Registration Fee has been paid via Fedwire. (2) This is the initial offering and no current trading market exists for our common stock. The price paid for the currently issued and outstanding common stock was valued at $0.004 per share. (3) Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457. The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. ================================================================================ PROSPECTUS MASSEY EXPLORATION CORP. 3,300,000 SHARES OF COMMON STOCK AT $.02 PER SHARE This is the initial offering of common stock of Massey Exploration Corp. and no public market currently exists for the securities being offered. We are offering for sale a total of 3,300,000 shares of common stock at a price of $0.02 per share. The offering is being conducted on a self-underwritten, all-or-none basis, which means our officer and director will attempt to sell the shares. We intend to open a standard, non-interest bearing, bank account to be used only for the deposit of funds received from the sale of the shares in this offering. If all the shares are not sold and the total offering amount is not deposited by the expiration date of the offering, the funds will be promptly returned to the investors, without interest or deduction. The shares will be offered at a price of $.02 per share for a period of one hundred and eighty (180) days from the effective date of this prospectus, unless extended by our board of directors for an additional 90 days. The offering will end on _______________ (date to be added upon effectiveness). Massey Exploration Corp. is an exploration stage company and currently has no operations. Any investment in the shares offered herein involves a high degree of risk. You should only purchase shares if you can afford a loss of your investment. Our independent auditor has issued an audit opinion for Massey Exploration which includes a statement expressing substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. BEFORE INVESTING, YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY READ THIS PROSPECTUS, PARTICULARLY, THE RISK FACTORS SECTION BEGINNING ON PAGE 4. Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities division has approved or disapproved these securities, or determined if this prospectus is truthful, accurate, current or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Offering Total Price Amount of Underwriting Proceeds Per Share Offering Commissions To Us --------- -------- ----------- ----- Common Stock $.02 $66,000 $0 $66,000 As of the date of this prospectus, there is no public trading market for our common stock and no assurance that a trading market for our securities will ever develop. Subject to Completion, Dated _______________ TABLE OF CONTENTS Page No. -------- SUMMARY OF PROSPECTUS ....................................................... 3 General Information about Our Company .................................. 3 The Offering ........................................................... 3 RISK FACTORS ................................................................ 4 RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR COMPANY ........................................... 4 RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THIS OFFERING ......................................... 5 USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................. 7 DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE ............................................. 7 DILUTION .................................................................... 7 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION ........................................................ 8 Offering will be Sold by Our Officer and Director ...................... 8 Terms of the Offering .................................................. 9 Deposit of Offering Proceeds ........................................... 9 Procedures for and Requirements for Subscribing ........................ 9 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES ................................................... 10 INTEREST OF NAMED EXPERTS AND COUNSEL ....................................... 10 DESCRIPTION OF OUR BUSINESS ................................................. 11 Glossary ............................................................... 11 General Information .................................................... 12 Acquisition of Mineral Claim ........................................... 13 Location, Access, Climate, Local Resources and Infrastructure ......... 13 History ................................................................ 17 Geological Setting ..................................................... 17 Competition ............................................................ 20 Compliance with Government Regulations ................................. 20 Patents, Trademarks, Franchises, Royalty Agreements, Labor Contracts ... 21 Need for Government Approval of Products or Services ................... 21 Research and Development Costs during the last two years ............... 21 Employees and Employment Agreements .................................... 21 DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY ..................................................... 21 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS ........................................................... 21 MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS .................... 21 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION ......................................... 23 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ........................................................ 23 PLAN OF OPERATION ........................................................... 24 DIRECTOR, EXECUTIVE OFFICER, PROMOTER AND CONTROL PERSON .................... 27 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION ...................................................... 28 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNER AND MANAGEMENT ............... 30 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS .............................. 30 INDEMNIFICATION ............................................................. 30 2 SUMMARY GENERAL INFORMATION You should read the following summary together with the more detailed business information and the financial statements and related notes that appear elsewhere in this prospectus. In this prospectus, unless the context otherwise denotes, references to "we", "us", "our", "Massey" and "Massey Exploration" are to Massey Exploration Corp. Massey Exploration was incorporated in the State of Nevada on January 22, 2007 to engage in the acquisition, exploration and development of natural resource properties. We intend to use the net proceeds from this offering to develop our business operations. (See "Business of the Company" and "Use of Proceeds".) We are an exploration stage company with no revenues or operating history. The principal executive offices are located at 300,508 24th Avenue SW, Calgary, Alberta T2S 0K4. The telephone number is (403)228-9909. We received our initial funding of $8,000 through the sale of common stock to our officer, Mr. Hawitt, who purchased 2,000,000 shares of our common stock at $0.004 per share on November 14, 2007. An additional 1,000,000 shares valued at $.004 per share were issued to Mr. Hawitt on January 30, 2008 in exchange for an invoice paid on behalf of the company by Mr. Hawitt. From inception until the date of this filing we have had limited operating activities. Our financial statements from inception (January 22, 2007) through the year ended February 29, 2008 report no revenues and a net loss of $4,000. Our independent auditor has issued an audit opinion for Massey Exploration Corp. which includes a statement expressing substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Our mineral claim has been staked and we hired a professional mining engineer to prepare a geological report. We have not yet commenced any exploration activities on the claim. Our property (the Hotspot Mineral Claim) may not contain any reserves and funds that we spend on exploration will be lost. Even if we complete our current exploration program and are successful in identifying a mineral deposit we will be required to expend substantial funds to bring our claim to production. There is no current public market for our securities. As our stock is not publicly traded, investors should be aware they probably will be unable to sell their shares and their investment in our securities is not liquid. OFFERING Securities Being Offered 3,300,000 shares of common stock. Price per Share $0.02 Offering Period The shares are offered for a period not to exceed 180 days, unless extended by our board of directors for an additional 90 days. Net Proceeds $66,000 Securities Issued and Outstanding 3,000,000 shares of common stock were issued and outstanding as of the date of this prospectus. Registration costs We estimate our total offering registration costs to be $7,100. 3 RISK FACTORS An investment in these securities involves an exceptionally high degree of risk and is extremely speculative in nature. Following are what we believe to be all the material risks involved if you decide to purchase shares in this offering. RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR COMPANY: OUR AUDITORS HAVE ISSUED A GOING CONCERN OPINION, THEREFORE THERE IS SUBSTANTIAL UNCERTAINTY WE WILL CONTINUE ACTIVITIES IN WHICH CASE YOU COULD LOSE YOUR INVESTMENT. Our auditors have issued a going concern opinion. This means that there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an ongoing business for the next twelve months. As such we may have to cease activities and you could lose your investment. BECAUSE THE PROBABILITY OF AN INDIVIDUAL PROSPECT EVER HAVING RESERVES IS EXTREMELY REMOTE, ANY FUNDS SPENT ON EXPLORATION WILL PROBABLY BE LOST. The probability of an individual prospect ever having reserves is extremely remote. In all probability the property does not contain any reserves. As such, any funds spent on exploration will probably be lost which will result in a loss of your investment. WE LACK AN OPERATING HISTORY AND HAVE LOSSES WHICH WE EXPECT TO CONTINUE INTO THE FUTURE. AS A RESULT, WE MAY HAVE TO SUSPEND OR CEASE ACTIVITIES. We were incorporated in January 2007 and we have not started our proposed business activities or realized any revenues. We have no operating history upon which an evaluation of our future success or failure can be made. Our net loss was $4,000 from inception to February 29, 2008. Our ability to achieve and maintain profitability and positive cash flow is dependent upon: * our ability to locate a profitable mineral property * our ability to generate revenues * our ability to reduce exploration costs. Based upon current plans, we expect to incur operating losses in future periods. This will happen because there are expenses associated with the research and exploration of our mineral properties. As a result, we may not generate revenues in the future. Failure to generate revenues will cause us to suspend or cease activities. BECAUSE WE WILL HAVE TO SPEND ADDITIONAL FUNDS TO DETERMINE IF WE HAVE A RESERVE, IF WE CAN'T RAISE THE MONEY WE WILL HAVE TO CEASE OPERATIONS AND YOU COULD LOSE YOUR INVESTMENT. Even if we complete our current exploration program and it is successful in identifying a mineral deposit, we will have to spend substantial funds on further drilling and engineering studies before we will know if we have a commercially viable mineral deposit, a reserve. BECAUSE OF THE INHERENT DANGERS INVOLVED IN MINERAL EXPLORATION, THERE IS A RISK THAT WE MAY INCUR LIABILITY OR DAMAGES, WHICH COULD HURT OUR FINANCIAL POSITION AND POSSIBLY RESULT IN THE FAILURE OF OUR BUSINESS. 4 The search for valuable minerals involves numerous hazards. As a result, we may become subject to liability for such hazards, including pollution, cave-ins and other hazards against which we cannot insure or against which we may elect not to insure. The payment of such liabilities may have a material adverse effect on our financial position. BECAUSE WE ARE SMALL AND DO NOT HAVE MUCH CAPITAL, WE MAY HAVE TO LIMIT OUR EXPLORATION ACTIVITY WHICH MAY RESULT IN A LOSS OF YOUR INVESTMENT. Because we are small and do not have much capital, we must limit our exploration activity. As such we may not be able to complete an exploration program that is as thorough as we would like. In that event, an existing reserve may go undiscovered. Without a reserve, we cannot generate revenues and you will lose your investment. WE MAY NOT HAVE ACCESS TO ALL OF THE SUPPLIES AND MATERIALS WE NEED TO BEGIN EXPLORATION WHICH COULD CAUSE US TO DELAY OR SUSPEND ACTIVITIES. Competition and unforeseen limited sources of supplies in the industry could result in occasional spot shortages of supplies, such as dynamite, and certain equipment such as bulldozers and excavators that we might need to conduct exploration. We have not attempted to locate or negotiate with any suppliers of products, equipment or materials. We will attempt to locate products, equipment and materials after this offering is complete. If we cannot find the products and equipment we need, we will have to suspend our exploration plans until we do find the products and equipment we need. BECAUSE OUR OFFICER AND DIRECTOR HAS OTHER OUTSIDE BUSINESS ACTIVITIES AND WILL ONLY BE DEVOTING 5% OF HIS TIME OR APPROXIMATELY TWO HOURS PER WEEK TO OUR OPERATIONS, OUR OPERATIONS MAY BE SPORADIC WHICH MAY RESULT IN PERIODIC INTERRUPTIONS OR SUSPENSIONS OF EXPLORATION. Because our officer and director has other outside business activities and will only be devoting 5% of his time or two hours per week to our operations, our operations may be sporadic and occur at times which are convenient to our officer and director. As a result, exploration of the property may be periodically interrupted or suspended. RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THIS OFFERING: IF A MARKET FOR OUR COMMON STOCK DOES NOT DEVELOP, SHAREHOLDERS MAY BE UNABLE TO SELL THEIR SHARES AND WILL INCUR LOSSES AS A RESULT. There is currently no market for our common stock and no certainty that a market will develop. We currently plan to apply for listing of our common stock on the over the counter bulletin board upon the effectiveness of the registration statement, of which this prospectus forms a part. Our shares may never trade on the bulletin board. If no market is ever developed for our shares, it will be difficult for shareholders to sell their stock. In such a case, shareholders may find that they are unable to achieve benefits from their investment. A PURCHASER IS PURCHASING PENNY STOCK WHICH LIMITS HIS OR HER ABILITY TO SELL THE STOCK. The shares offered by this prospectus constitute penny stock under the Exchange Act. The shares will remain penny stock for the foreseeable future. The classification of penny stock makes it more difficult for a broker-dealer to sell the stock into a secondary market, thus limiting investment liquidity. Any broker-dealer engaged by the purchaser for the purpose of selling his or her 5 shares in our company will be subject to rules 15g-1 through 15g-10 of the Exchange Act. Rather than creating a need to comply with those rules, some broker-dealers will refuse to attempt to sell penny stock. WE ARE SELLING THIS OFFERING WITHOUT AN UNDERWRITER AND MAY BE UNABLE TO SELL ANY SHARES. This offering is self-underwritten, that is, we are not going to engage the services of an underwriter to sell the shares; we intend to sell them through our officer and director, who will receive no commissions. He will offer the shares to friends, relatives, acquaintances and business associates, however; there is no guarantee that he will be able to sell any of the shares. Unless he is successful in selling all of the shares and we receive the proceeds from this offering, we may have to seek alternative financing to implement our business plans. YOU WILL INCUR IMMEDIATE AND SUBSTANTIAL DILUTION OF THE PRICE YOU PAY FOR YOUR SHARES. Our existing stockholder acquired his shares at a cost of $.004 per share, a cost per share substantially less than that which you will pay for the shares you purchase in this offering. Upon completion of this offering the net tangible book value of the shares held by our existing stockholder (3,000,000 shares) will be increased by $.009 per share without any additional investment on his part. The purchasers of shares in this offering will incur immediate dilution (a reduction in the net tangible book value per share from the offering price of $.02 per share) of $.008 per share. As a result, after completion of the offering, the net tangible book value of the shares held by purchasers in this offering would be $.012 per share, reflecting an immediate reduction in the $.02 price per share they paid for their shares. WE WILL BE HOLDING ALL THE PROCEEDS FROM THE OFFERING IN A STANDARD BANK CHECKING ACCOUNT UNTIL ALL SHARES ARE SOLD. BECAUSE THE SHARES ARE NOT HELD IN AN ESCROW OR TRUST ACCOUNT THERE IS A RISK YOUR MONEY WILL NOT BE RETURNED IF ALL THE SHARES ARE NOT SOLD. All funds received from the sale of shares in this offering will be deposited into a standard bank checking account until all shares are sold and the offering is closed, at which time, the proceeds will be transferred to our business operating account. In the event all shares are not sold we have committed to promptly return all funds to the original purchasers. However since the funds will not be placed into an escrow, trust or other similar account, there can be no guarantee that any third party creditor who may obtain a judgment or lien against us would not satisfy the judgment or lien by executing on the bank account where the offering proceeds are being held, resulting in a loss of any investment you make in our securities. WE WILL INCUR ONGOING COSTS AND EXPENSES FOR SEC REPORTING AND COMPLIANCE. WITHOUT REVENUE WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO REMAIN IN COMPLIANCE, MAKING IT DIFFICULT FOR INVESTORS TO SELL THEIR SHARES, IF AT ALL. Our business plan allows for the payment of the estimated costs of this registration statement ($7,100) to be paid from existing cash on hand. We plan to contact a market maker immediately following the close of the offering and apply to have the shares quoted on FINRA's Over the Counter Bulletin Board (OTCBB). To be eligible for quotation, issuers must remain current in their filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In order for us to remain in compliance we will require future revenues to cover the cost of these filings, which could comprise a substantial portion of our available cash resources. If we are unable to generate sufficient revenues to remain in compliance it may be difficult for you to resell any shares you may purchase, if at all. OUR SOLE OFFICER AND DIRECTOR, BENEFICIALLY OWNS 100% OF THE OUTSTANDING SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK. AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THIS OFFERING HE WILL OWN 47% OF THE OUTSTANDING SHARES. IF HE CHOOSES TO SELL HIS SHARES IN THE FUTURE, IT MIGHT HAVE AN ADVERSE EFFECT ON THE PRICE OF OUR STOCK. 6 Due to the amount of Mr. Hawitt's share ownership in our company, if he chooses to sell his shares in the public market, the market price of our stock could decrease and all shareholders suffer a dilution of the value of their stock. USE OF PROCEEDS Assuming sale of all of the shares offered herein, of which there is no assurance, the net proceeds from this Offering will be $66,000. The proceeds are expected to be disbursed, in the priority set forth below, during the first twelve (12) months after the successful completion of the Offering: Total Proceeds to the Company $66,000 Phase One Exploration Program 6,500 Phase Two Exploration Program 12,000 Phase Three Exploration Program 37,500 Administration and Office Expense 2,500 Legal and Accounting 5,000 Working Capital 2,500 ------- Total Use of Net Proceeds $66,000 ======= We will establish a separate bank account and all proceeds will be deposited into that account until the total amount of the offering is received and all shares are sold, at which time the funds will be released to us for use in our operations. In the event we do not sell all of the shares before the expiration date of the offering, all funds will be returned promptly to the subscribers, without interest or deduction. If it becomes necessary our director has verbally agreed to loan the company funds to complete the registration process, but we will require full funding to implement our complete business plan. DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE The offering price of the shares has been determined arbitrarily by us. The price does not bear any relationship to our assets, book value, earnings, or other established criteria for valuing a privately held company. In determining the number of shares to be offered and the offering price, we took into consideration our cash on hand and the amount of money we would need to implement our business plans. Accordingly, the offering price should not be considered an indication of the actual value of the securities. DILUTION Dilution represents the difference between the offering price and the net tangible book value per share immediately after completion of this offering. Net tangible book value is the amount that results from subtracting total liabilities and intangible assets from total assets. Dilution arises mainly as a result of our arbitrary determination of the offering price of the shares being offered. Dilution of the value of the shares you purchase is also a result of the lower book value of the shares held by our existing stockholder. As of February 29, 2008, the net tangible book value of our shares was $8,000 or $0.003 per share, based upon 3,000,000 shares outstanding. Upon completion of this offering, but without taking into account any change in the net tangible book value after completion of this offering other than that resulting from the sale of the shares and receipt of the total proceeds of 7 $66,000, the net tangible book value of the 6,300,000 shares to be outstanding will be $74,000, or approximately $.012 per share. Accordingly, the net tangible book value of the shares held by our existing stockholder (3,000,000 shares) will be increased by $.009 per share without any additional investment on his part. The purchasers of shares in this offering will incur immediate dilution (a reduction in the net tangible book value per share from the offering price of $.02 per share) of $.008 per share. As a result, after completion of the offering, the net tangible book value of the shares held by purchasers in this offering would be $.012 per share, reflecting an immediate reduction in the $.02 price per share they paid for their shares. After completion of the offering, the existing shareholder will own 47% of the total number of shares then outstanding, for which he will have made an investment of $12,000, or $.004 per share. Upon completion of the offering, the purchasers of the shares offered hereby will own 53% of the total number of shares then outstanding, for which they will have made a cash investment of $66,000, or $.02 per Share. The following table illustrates the per share dilution to the new investors: Public Offering Price per Share $.02 Net Tangible Book Value Prior to this Offering $.003 Net Tangible Book Value After Offering $.012 Immediate Dilution per Share to New Investors $.008 The following table summarizes the number and percentage of shares purchased, the amount and percentage of consideration paid and the average price per share paid by our existing stockholder and by new investors in this offering: Total Price Number of Percent of Consideration Per Share Shares Held Ownership Paid --------- ----------- --------- ---- Existing Stockholder $.004 3,000,000 47% $12,000 Investors in This Offering $ .02 3,300,000 53% $66,000 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION OFFERING WILL BE SOLD BY OUR OFFICER AND DIRECTOR This is a self-underwritten offering. This Prospectus is part of a prospectus that permits our officer and director to sell the shares directly to the public, with no commission or other remuneration payable to him for any shares he may sell. There are no plans or arrangements to enter into any contracts or agreements to sell the shares with a broker or dealer. Michael Hawitt, our officer and director, will sell the shares and intends to offer them to friends, family members and business acquaintances. In offering the securities on our behalf, he will rely on the safe harbor from broker dealer registration set out in Rule 3a4-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our officer and director will not register as a broker-dealer pursuant to Section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, in reliance upon Rule 3a4-1, which sets forth those conditions under which a person associated with an Issuer may participate in the offering of the Issuer's securities and not be deemed to be a broker-dealer. 8 a. Our officer and director is not subject to a statutory disqualification, as that term is defined in Section 3(a)(39) of the Act, at the time of his participation; and, b. Our officer and director will not be compensated in connection with his participation by the payment of commissions or other remuneration based either directly or indirectly on transactions in securities; and c. Our officer and director is not, nor will he be at the time of his participation in the offering, an associated person of a broker-dealer; and d. Our officer and director meets the conditions of paragraph (a)(4)(ii) of Rule 3a4-1 of the Exchange Act, in that he (A) primarily performs, or is intended primarily to perform at the end of the offering, substantial duties for or on behalf of our company, other than in connection with transactions in securities; and (B) is not a broker or dealer, or been an associated person of a broker or dealer, within the preceding twelve months; and (C) has not participated in selling and offering securities for any Issuer more than once every twelve months other than in reliance on Paragraphs (a)(4)(i) or (a)(4)(iii). Our officer, director, control person and affiliates do not intend to purchase any shares in this offering. TERMS OF THE OFFERING The shares will be sold at the fixed price of $.02 per share until the completion of this offering. There is no minimum amount of subscription required per investor, and subscriptions, once received, are irrevocable. This offering will commence on the date of this prospectus and continue for a period of 180 days (the "Expiration Date"), unless extended by our Board of Directors for an additional 90 days. DEPOSIT OF OFFERING PROCEEDS This is an "all or none" offering and, as such, we will not be able to spend any of the proceeds unless all the shares are sold and all proceeds are received. We intend to hold all funds collected from subscriptions in a separate bank account until the total amount of $66,000 has been received. At that time, the funds will be transferred to our business account for use in the implementation of our business plan. In the event the offering is not sold out prior to the Expiration Date, all money will be promptly returned to the investors, without interest or deduction. We determined the use of the standard bank account was the most efficient use of our current limited funds. Please see the risk factor section to read the related risk to you as a purchaser of any shares. PROCEDURES AND REQUIREMENTS FOR SUBSCRIPTION If you decide to subscribe for any shares in this offering, you will be required to execute a Subscription Agreement and tender it, together with a check, bank draft or cashier's check payable to the company. Subscriptions, once received by the company, are irrevocable. All checks for subscriptions should be made payable to Massey Exploration Corp. 9 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES COMMON STOCK The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 75,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $.001. The holders of common stock currently (i) have equal ratable rights to dividends from funds legally available therefore, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors of the Company; (ii) are entitled to share ratably in all of the assets of the Company available for distribution to holders of common stock upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company; (iii) do not have preemptive, subscription or conversion rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights applicable thereto; and (iv) are entitled to one non-cumulative vote per share on all matters on which stockholders may vote. All shares of common stock now outstanding are fully paid for and non-assessable and all shares of common stock which are the subject of this Offering, when issued, will be fully paid for and non-assessable. Please refer to the Company's Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws and the applicable statutes of the State of Nevada for a more complete description of the rights and liabilities of holders of the Company's securities. NON-CUMULATIVE VOTING The holders of shares of common stock of the Company do not have cumulative voting rights, which means that the holders of more than 50% of such outstanding shares, voting for the election of directors, can elect all of the directors to be elected, if they so choose, and, in such event, the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any of the Company's directors. After this Offering is completed, the present stockholder will own 47% of the outstanding shares. (See "Principal Stockholders".) CASH DIVIDENDS As of the date of this prospectus, the Company has not declared or paid any cash dividends to stockholders. The declaration or payment of any future cash dividend will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon the earnings, if any, capital requirements and financial position of the Company, general economic conditions, and other pertinent factors. It is the present intention of the Company not to declare or pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest earnings, if any, in the Company's business operations. INTEREST OF NAMED EXPERTS AND COUNSEL None of the below described experts or counsel have been hired on a contingent basis and none of them will receive a direct or indirect interest in the Company. Our financial statements for the period from inception to the year ended February 29, 2008, included in this prospectus, have been audited by George Stewart, CPA. We include the financial statements in reliance on their reports, given upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. The Law Office of Joseph I. Emas, has passed upon the validity of the shares being offered and certain other legal matters and is representing us in connection with this offering. James W. McLeod, Professional Geologist, has provided us with the geology report on which the exploration program contained herein is based. 10 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS We are an exploration stage company with no revenues and a limited operating history. Our independent auditor has issued an audit opinion which includes a statement expressing substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. The source of information contained in this discussion is our geology report. The Hotspot Mineral Claim, consisting of 16 contiguous cells totaling 800 acres, is the only claim currently in the company's portfolio. If our claim does not contain any reserves all funds that we spend on exploration will be lost. If we complete our current exploration program and are successful in identifying a mineral deposit we will need to expend substantial funds on further drilling and engineering studies before we will know if we have a commercially viable mineral deposit or reserve. GLOSSARY Analcite-bearing trachybasalt - Analcite or analcime is a hydrous sodium aluminum silicate mineral that predominates in the extrusive or volcanic form of its igneous equivalent, a syenogabbro. Andesitic to basaltic composition - a range of rock descriptions using the chemical make-up or mineral norms of the same. Dry Interior Belt biotic zone - a division of life forms and climatic zones that make-up or may be particular to British Columbia, Canada. Another example could the Cariboo Parklands zone. Elongate basin - a longer than wide depression that may be favorable to in-filling by adjacent eroding mountains. Formation - the fundamental unit of similar rock assemblages used in stratigraphy. Intermontane belt - between mountains (ranges), a usually longer than wide depression occurring between enclosing mountain ranges that supply erosional material to infill the basin. Mineral tenure of B.C. - the rights, privileges and obligations specified, by the acquisition of mineral tenure, in the Mineral Tenure Act of the Province. Specifics of what a mineral tenure holder can, cannot and must do to hold mineral title in British Columbia, Canada. Since B.C. is a Provincial jurisdiction mineral tenure lies with the province unless federal jurisdiction is encroached, i.e. fisheries or if the mineral activity takes place in a federal territory, i.e. Nunavit. Also a federally chartered company may have to use Canadian (federal) rules and regulations. Plagioclase feldspar - a specific range of chemical composition of common or abundant rock forming silicate minerals. Porphyritic in augite pyroxene - Large porphyroblasts or crystals of a specific rock-forming mineral, i.e. augite occurring within a matrix of finer grained rock-forming minerals. Propylitic alteration - a process of hydrothermal alteration whereby in igneous rocks a major mineral, plagioclase feldspar is altered to a secondary assemblage of new mineral forms. Recognition of the process in a rock sample is important to establishing what effects hydrothermal alteration may have had on the general setting from which the sample was derived. 11 Skarnification - a contact metamorphic rock alteration process by which a lime-bearing silicate rock is formed from a limestone by association with a nearby igneous intrusion that imparts generally large amounts of silicon, aluminum, iron and magnesium to the new formed rock or skarn. Upper Triassic age Nicola Group - rock units of similar age within the age range of 180-205 million years before the present. To constitute a group it must be composed of at least two formations. Volcaniclastic - Angular to rounded particles of a wide range of sizes within (a welded) finer grain-sized matrix of volcanic origin. GENERAL INFORMATION The Hotspot property consists of one located mineral claim comprising a total of 16 contiguous cells. The mineral claim is situated in the Bonaparte Plateau between Loon Lake and Upper Loon Lake in the South Cariboo Region of British Columbia, Canada. Massey Exploration Corp., a Nevada, USA company is the beneficial owner of the mineral claim. The general claim area is underlain by the youngest rock units in the area that occur as volcanic flow basalts. In or below some of the deeply incised erosional valleys which can be fault controlled occur the oldest units in the area. These older units are of the Upper Triassic age volcanics and possibly minor sediments of the Nicola Group that are seen to underlie the Miocene age basalt flows. The rock units exhibit an aeromagnetic pattern that could indicate a response to underlying deformation due to structural features, such as faulting, folding and rock alteration. Much of the mineral claim is drift or overburden covered and offers exploration potential. The author feels that the potential exists for movement of mineralizing fluids to have impregnated this northwesterly trending zone. These fluids could emanate from deeper occurring intrusions and travel along structurally prepared conduits in the underlying bedrock. The mineral claim is favorably situated and may require geophysical surveys to determine in more detail its potential following the initial prospecting, mapping and soil geochemistry program. An exploratory drilling program could follow the Phase 1 - 3 surveys and be contingent upon positive results being obtained from the previous surveys. The object of our initial exploration undertaking is to assess areas that may require more detailed investigations to assist in determining their economic significance. We have not carried out any exploration work on the claim and have incurred no exploration costs. The future cost of exploration work on the property is disclosed in detail in the Plan of Operation section of this prospectus. There is not a plant or any equipment currently located on the property. It is expected that the initial exploration phase will be supported by generators. The Town of 100 Mile House and the City of Kamloops, British Columbia lie 46 miles and 86 miles by road northwest and southeast of the Hotspot mineral claim, respectively. Each offer much of the necessary infrastructure required to base and carry-out an exploration program (accommodations, communications, equipment and supplies). Kamloops B.C. is highway accessible from Vancouver, B.C. in a few hours by traveling over the Coquihalla highway. Kamloops has a good airport and the overnight Greyhound bus service is a popular way to send-in samples and to receive additional equipment and supplies. 12 A three-phase exploration program to evaluate the area is considered appropriate and is recommended by the consulting geologist in his report. Detailed prospecting, mapping and reconnaissance MMI soil geochemical surveys of the claim area is recommended. The cost of the proposed program is $6,500 for the initial phase of exploration work, $12,000 for the contingent second phase and $37,500 for the third phase. We plan to commence Phase 1 of the exploration program in late summer 2008 if we are able to raise the necessary funds from this offering. The discussions contained herein are management's estimates based on information provided by the consulting geologist who prepared the geology report. Because we have not commenced our exploration program we cannot provide a more detailed discussion of our plans if we find a viable store of minerals on our property, as there is no guarantee that exploitable mineralization will be found, the quantity or type of minerals if they are found and the extraction process that will be required. We are also unable to assure you we will be able to raise the additional funding to proceed with any subsequent work on the claim if mineralization is found. ACQUISITION OF THE MINERAL CLAIM The claim is currently held in trust in the name of our president, Michael Hawitt. We paid $2,000 to James McLeod for the staking of the claim. REQUIREMENTS OR CONDITIONS FOR RETENTION OF TITLE Title to the property has already been granted to our president and director, Michael Hawitt, who holds the claim in trust for the Company. To obtain a Free Miner's Certificate, which is required to hold a mining claim in British Columbia, Section 8(1) of the B.C. Mineral Tenure Act (MTA) stipulates that a corporation must be registered under the British Columbia Business Corporations Act. Section 8(2) of the MTA stipulates that an individual applicant must either be a resident of Canada or be authorized to work in Canada. As the corporation is not registered in British Columbia the claim is held in trust for the company by Mr. Hawitt, as he is eligible as a Canadian citizen. The mineral title claim has been registered with the Government of British Columbia and a title search has been done to ensure there are no competing claims to the property. All claims staked in British Columbia require $4 per hectare worth of assessment work to be undertaken in year 1 through 3, followed by $8 per hectare per year thereafter. For our claim this would require $1,296 in exploration costs for year 1 through 3, and $2,592 per year thereafter. In order to retain title to the property exploration work costs must be recorded and filed with the British Columbia Department of Energy Mines and Petroleum Resources ("BCDM"). The BCDM charges a filing fee, equal to 10% of the value of the work recorded, to record the work. LOCATION, ACCESS, CLIMATE, LOCAL RESOURCES & INFRASTRUCTURE The Hotspot mineral claim is comprised of 16 contiguous cells totaling 800 acres. The mineral claim area may be located on the NTS map sheet, 92P/3. At the center of the property the latitude is 51(Degree) 11' 9" N and the longitude is 121(Degree) 04' 03" W. The claim is motor vehicle accessible from the Village of 70 Mile House, B.C. by traveling 17 miles east- southeast along the Upper Loon Lake gravel ranch road to the mineral claim. 13 The Hotspot property lies in the interior plateau of the province and within the Cariboo Parkland biotic or life zone of British Columbia. The area experiences about 20" - 30" of precipitation annually of which about 25% may occur as a snow equivalent. The summers can experience hot weather while the winters are generally more severe than the dry belt to the east and can last from November through March. Much of this area of the interior plateau, with its rolling hills, hosts clusters of lodgepole pine with similar stands of aspen. Douglas fir and Engelmann spruce round out the other conifer cover, but in lesser abundance. The general area supports an active logging industry. Mining holds an historical and contemporary place in the development and economic well being of the area. The Town of 100 Mile House and the City of Kamloops, British Columbia lie 46 miles and 86 miles by road northwest and southeast of the Hotspot mineral claim, respectively. Each offer much of the necessary infrastructure required to base and carry-out an exploration program (accommodations, communications, equipment and supplies). Kamloops B.C. is highway accessible from Vancouver, B.C. in a few hours by traveling over the Coquihalla highway. Kamloops has a good airport and the overnight Greyhound bus service is a popular way to send-in samples and to receive additional equipment and supplies. The claim area ranges in elevation from 3,150 feet to 3,600 feet mean sea level. The physiographic setting of the property can be described as rounded, open range pockets among the clusters of conifer (evergreens) and aspens in a plateau setting. The area has been surficially altered both by the erosional and the depositional (drift cover) effects of glaciation. Thickness of drift cover in the valleys may vary considerably. Fresh water lakes and small streams are abundant in the area. 14 [MAP SHOWING THE PROPERTY LOCATION] 15 [MAP SHOWING THE CLAIM LOCATION] 16 HISTORY The recorded mining history of the general area dates from the 1850's when gold miners passed through the area, often going further north. Some minor placer gold occurrences were discovered in the area of the Bonaparte and Deadman Rivers. The most significant lode gold deposit developed in the area was that of the Vidette Gold Mines, Ltd. of Vancouver, B.C. which operated an underground lode gold deposit at the northeast-end of Vidette Lake. The mine operated from 1931-40 with its production coming from a vein deposit in Nicola volcanic rocks. They rendered the gold produced by flotation. Industrial mineral discoveries have been made in the area, such as volcanic (rhyolite) ash for possible use as pozzolan and diatomaceous earth. GEOLOGICAL SETTING REGIONAL GEOLOGY The regional geological mapping conducted during 1964-65 was carried-out by Campbell and Tipper, reported by them on the Bonaparte Lake map area, Geological Survey of Canada, NTS 92P (see Figure 3 and References). The area is seen to be underlain by rock units ranging in age from the Pennsylvanian to the Miocene and being mainly of volcanic origin, although some of the older units are of intrusive and sedimentary origin. The older units are only found along the deep incisions found along some of the deeper creek valleys, i.e. the Deadman River and Loon Creek. The younger Eocene - Miocene aged volcanic flow rock units are observed in the area and alkali basalt flows of Miocene age occur as cap rocks in the general area. LOCAL GEOLOGY The local geological mapping was undertaken in 1988-89 by P.B. Read (see References) in his study of the Tertiary stratigraphy and industrial mineral potential of the area. His mapping is detailed and portrays the extensiveness of the basalt flows even in this the southern part of the pervasive and widespread occurrences to the north, an area covering thousands of square miles. He measured the olivine basalt occurrences along the Bonaparte River, Loon Creek and the Deadman River valleys and arrived at an estimate of the thickness of ~ 1,600 feet. They are thought to lie upon faulted bedrock of Pennsylvanian age and younger. PROPERTY GEOLOGY The geology of the Hotspot property area may be described as being overlain by generally thick Tertiary basalt flows of Eocene - Miocene age. The olivine basalts of the Chasm Formation are the youngest rocks found on the property and throughout the local area. These flows have covered the next youngest units of the Deadman River Formation that hosts the ash and diatomaceous earth occurrences, as well as other water borne younger sediments, such as siltstone, shale, sandstone and conglomerate. PROPERTY MINERALIZATION The geologist has observed in places within the regional area pyrite-pyrrhotite-chalcopyrite mineralization as mesothermal replacements or vein-type of occurrences that lie peripheral to the porphyry-type occurrence in the volcanic tuffs (as volcanic skarn). These occurrences were observed in the massive volcanic units and in medium grain-sized intrusive rock within steeply dipping to vertical fissure/fault zones with some dissemination in the adjacent wallrock. Alteration accompanying the pyritization is often observed as epidote-chlorite-calcite or as a propylitic assemblage. 17 [MAP SHOWING THE REGIONAL GEOLOGY] 18 [AEROMAGNETIC MAP] 19 COMPETITION We do not compete directly with anyone for the exploration or removal of minerals from our property as we hold all interest and rights to the claim. Readily available commodities markets exist in the U.S. and around the world for the sale of gold, silver and other minerals. Therefore, we will likely be able to sell any minerals that we are able to recover. We will be subject to competition and unforeseen limited sources of supplies in the industry in the event spot shortages arise for supplies such as dynamite, and certain equipment such as bulldozers and excavators that we will need to conduct exploration. We have not yet attempted to locate or negotiate with any suppliers of products, equipment or services and will not do so until funds are received from this offering. If we are unsuccessful in securing the products, equipment and services we need we may have to suspend our exploration plans until we are able to do so. BANKRUPTCY OR SIMILAR PROCEEDINGS There has been no bankruptcy, receivership or similar proceeding. REORGANIZATIONS, PURCHASE OR SALE OF ASSETS There have been no material reclassifications, mergers, consolidations, or purchase or sale of a significant amount of assets not in the ordinary course of business. COMPLIANCE WITH GOVERNMENT REGULATION We will be required to comply with all regulations, rules and directives of governmental authorities and agencies applicable to the exploration of minerals in Canada generally, and in British Columbia specifically. The initial steps of exploration can be carried out without permitting or notification to any government body as it is deemed "low-disturbance/low-impact" by the British Columbia Department of Energy Mines and Petroleum Resources (BCDM). With respect to the mechanized trenching or diamond drilling a plan of operation will need to be filed with the BCDM. This plan will detail the extent, location and amount of surface disturbance for the trenching and/or drilling. As the amount of trenching and drilling (initially) will be limited, the permit should be issued within 30 days. We will be required to obtain a refundable bond in the amount of $3,000 - $5,000 (depending on the anticipated amount of disturbance). The bond is to ensure that we reclaim or repair the disturbance caused by the trenching and drilling. Usually this reclaiming work entails filling in and smoothing the surface at trenching sites, clean up and removal of any work material, and seeding native grass/plants at the site of any disturbance. In the event that trees larger than 6 inches in diameter need to be cut down, a permit will need to be obtained from the BC Ministry of Forests. This usually takes less than 30 days to obtain. We will try to adjust the areas we work at and trench around larger trees (initially) to avoid any disturbance to larger trees. If the disturbance to larger trees is unavoidable then a permit to cut will be obtained. There are nominal costs involved in obtaining the BCDM or Forestry permits (less than $100.00). The bond required by the BCDM is returned (with interest) upon proper clean up of the site. There will be costs for the crew and equipment required to fill in the trenches etc., but as heavy equipment is available 20 locally, and the amount of disturbance is expected to be minimal, the costs will be most likely be less than $3,000. (1 day - crew & equipment) All claims staked in British Columbia require $4 per hectare worth of assessment work to be undertaken in year 1 through 3, followed by $8 per hectare per year thereafter. In order to retain title to the property exploration work costs must be recorded and filed with the British Columbia Department of Energy Mines and Petroleum Resources ("BCDM"). The BCDM charges a filing fee, equal to 10% of the value of the work recorded, to record the work. PATENTS, TRADEMARKS, FRANCHISES, ROYALTY AGREEMENTS OR LABOR CONTRACTS We have no current plans for any registrations such as patents, trademarks, copyrights, franchises, concessions, royalty agreements or labor contracts. We will assess the need for any copyright, trademark or patent applications on an ongoing basis. NEED FOR GOVERNMENT APPROVAL OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES We are not required to apply for or have any government approval for our products or services. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COSTS DURING THE LAST TWO YEARS We have not expended funds for research and development costs since inception. We paid $4,000 for the geology report and staking of the claim. EMPLOYEES AND EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS Our only employee is our sole officer, Michael Hawitt. Mr. Hawitt currently devotes 2 hours per week to company matters and after receiving funding he plans to devote as much time as the board of directors determines is necessary to manage the affairs of the company. There are no formal employment agreements between the company and our current employee. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY We do not currently own any property. Our offices are located at 300, 508 24th Avenue SW, Calgary, Alberta, which are the offices of our president and are provided to us free of charge. The telephone number is (403)228-9909. The facilities include answering services, fax services, secretarial services, reception area and shared office and boardroom meeting facilities. Management believes the current premises are sufficient for its needs at this time. We currently have no investment policies as they pertain to real estate, real estate interests or real estate mortgages. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We are not currently involved in any legal proceedings and we are not aware of any pending or potential legal actions. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS We plan to contact a market maker immediately following the completion of the offering and apply to have the shares quoted on the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board (OTCBB). The OTCBB is a regulated quotation service that displays 21 real-time quotes, last sale prices and volume information in over-the-counter (OTC) securities. The OTCBB is not an issuer listing service, market or exchange. Although the OTCBB does not have any listing requirements per se, to be eligible for quotation on the OTCBB, issuers must remain current in their filings with the SEC or applicable regulatory authority. Market Makers are not permitted to begin quotation of a security whose issuer does not meet this filing requirement. Securities already quoted on the OTCBB that become delinquent in their required filings will be removed following a 30 or 60 day grace period if they do not make their required filing during that time. We cannot guarantee that our application will be accepted or approved and our stock listed and quoted for sale. As of the date of this filing, there have been no discussions or understandings between Massey Exploration with any market maker regarding participation in a future trading market for our securities. As of the date of this filing, there is no public market for our securities. There has been no public trading of our securities, and, therefore, no high and low bid pricing. As of the date of this prospectus Massey Exploration had one shareholder of record. We have paid no cash dividends and have no outstanding options. PENNY STOCK RULES The Securities and Exchange Commission has also adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than $5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the Nasdaq system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system). A purchaser is purchasing penny stock which limits the ability to sell the stock. The shares offered by this prospectus constitute penny stock under the Securities and Exchange Act. The shares will remain penny stocks for the foreseeable future. The classification of penny stock makes it more difficult for a broker-dealer to sell the stock into a secondary market, which makes it more difficult for a purchaser to liquidate his/her investment. Any broker-dealer engaged by the purchaser for the purpose of selling his or her shares in us will be subject to Rules 15g-1 through 15g-10 of the Securities and Exchange Act. Rather than creating a need to comply with those rules, some broker-dealers will refuse to attempt to sell penny stock. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document, which: - contains a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stock in both public offerings and secondary trading; - contains a description of the broker's or dealer's duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to a violation of such duties or other requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended; - contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including "bid" and "ask" price for the penny stock and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; - contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; - defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading penny stocks; and 22 - contains such other information and is in such form (including language, type, size and format) as the Securities and Exchange Commission shall require by rule or regulation; The broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, to the customer: - the bid and offer quotations for the penny stock; - the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; - the number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; and - monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules; the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements will have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our stock because it will be subject to these penny stock rules. Therefore, stockholders may have difficulty selling their securities. REGULATION M Our officer and director, who will offer and sell the shares, is aware that he is required to comply with the provisions of Regulation M, promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. With certain exceptions, Regulation M precludes the officer and director, sales agent, any broker-dealer or other person who participate in the distribution of shares in this offering from bidding for or purchasing, or attempting to induce any person to bid for or purchase any security which is the subject of the distribution until the entire distribution is complete. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION To date, we have not registered securities pursuant to Section 12 of the Act which means we are considered a "voluntary filer" under SEC regulations. We are, therefore, not currently obligated to file any periodic reports under the Exchange Act, to follow the SEC's proxy rules or to distribute an annual report to our securities holders. However, we intend to file annual, quarterly and special reports, and other information with the SEC, even though we are not required to do so. You may read or obtain a copy of the registration statement to be filed or any other information we file with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain information regarding the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Our SEC filings are also available to the public from the SEC web site at www.sec.gov, which contains our reports, and other information we file electronically with the SEC. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The financial statements of Massey Exploration Corp. for the year ended February 29, 2008, and related notes, included in this prospectus have been audited by George Stewart, CPA, and have been so included in reliance upon the opinion of such accountants given upon their authority as an expert in auditing and accounting. 23 PLAN OF OPERATION Our current cash balance is $8,000. We believe our cash balance is sufficient to cover the expenses we will incur during the next twelve months in a limited operations scenario or until we raise the funding from this offering. If we experience a shortage of funds prior to funding we may utilize funds from our director, who has informally agreed to advance funds to allow us to pay for offering costs, filing fees, and professional fees, however he has no formal commitment, arrangement or legal obligation to advance or loan funds to the company. In order to achieve our business plan goals, we will need the funding from this offering. We are an exploration stage company and have generated no revenue to date. We have sold $12,000 in equity securities to pay for our minimum level of operations. Our auditor has issued a going concern opinion. This means that there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months unless we obtain additional capital to pay our bills. This is because we have not generated revenues and no revenues are anticipated until we begin removing and selling minerals. There is no assurance we will ever reach that point. Our exploration target is to find exploitable minerals on our property. Our success depends on achieving that target. There is the likelihood of our mineral claim containing little or no economic mineralization or reserves of silver and other minerals. There is the possibility that our claim does not contain any reserves and funds that we spend on exploration will be lost. Even if we complete our current exploration program and are successful in identifying a mineral deposit we will be required to expend substantial funds to bring our claim to production. We are unable to assure you we will be able to raise the additional funds necessary to implement any future exploration or extraction program even if mineralization is found. Our plan of operation for the twelve months following the date of this prospectus is to complete the three phases of the exploration program. In addition to the $56,000 we anticipate spending for the exploration program as outlined below, we anticipate spending an additional $18,000 on professional fees, including fees payable in connection with the filing of this registration statement and complying with reporting obligations, and general administrative costs. Total expenditures over the next 12 months are therefore expected to be approximately $74,000, which is the amount to be raised in this offering and our cash on hand. We will require the funds from this offering to proceed. The following work program has been recommended by the consulting geologist who prepared the geology report. PHASE 1 Detailed prospecting, mapping and mobile metal ion (MMI) soil sampling and subsequent proprietary digestion. The program is expected to take 4 weeks to complete, including turn-around time for analyses in Australia. It is estimated to cost approximately, $ 6,500 PHASE 2 Grid controlled magnetometer and VLF-EM surveys over the areas of interest determined by the Phase 1 survey. Included in this estimated cost is transportation, accommodation, board, grid installation, the geophysical surveys, maps and report 12,000 24 PHASE 3 Induced polarization survey over grid controlled anomalous areas of interest outlined by Phase 1&2 fieldwork. Hoe or bulldozer trenching, mapping and sampling of bedrock anomalies. Includes assays, detailed maps and reports 37,500 ------- Estimated Total $56,000 ======= Each phase following phase 1 is contingent upon favorable results from the previous phase. If we are successful in raising the funds from this offering we plan to commence Phase 1 of the exploration program on the claim in late summer 2008. We expect this phase to take 15 days to complete and an additional two to three months for the consulting geologist to receive the results from the assay lab and prepare his report. The above program costs are management's estimates based upon the recommendations of the professional consulting geologist's report and the actual project costs may exceed our estimates. To date, we have not commenced exploration. Following phase one of the exploration program, if it proves successful in identifying mineral deposits, we intend to proceed with phase two of our exploration program. The estimated cost of this program is $12,000 and will take approximately 3 weeks to complete and an additional two to three months for the consulting geologist to receive the results from the assay lab and prepare his report. Following phase two of the exploration program, if it proves successful, we intend to proceed with phase three of our exploration program. The estimated cost of this program is $37,500 and will take approximately one month to complete and an additional two to three months for the consulting geologist to receive the results from the assay lab and prepare his report. We anticipate commencing the second phase of our exploration program in fall 2008 and phase 3 in spring 2009. We have a verbal agreement with James McLeod, the consulting geologist who prepared the geology report on our claim, to retain his services for our planned exploration program. We cannot provide investors with any assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient funds to proceed with any work after the exploration program if we find mineralization. OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY; NEED FOR ADDITIONAL CAPITAL There is no historical financial information about us on which to base an evaluation of our performance. We are an exploration stage company and have not generated revenues from operations. We cannot guarantee we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources, possible delays in the exploration of our property, and possible cost overruns due to increases in the cost of services. To become profitable and competitive, we must conduct the exploration of our properties before we start into production of any minerals we may find. We are seeking funding from this offering to provide the capital required for our exploration program. We believe that the funds from this offering will allow us to operate for one year. 25 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES To meet our need for cash we are attempting to raise money from this offering. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to sell all the shares required. If we are successful any money raised will be applied to the items set forth in the Use of Proceeds section of this prospectus. If the first phase of our exploration program is successful in identifying mineral deposits we will proceed with phases two and three and any subsequent drilling and extraction. The sources of funding we may consider to fund this work include a second public offering, a private placement of our securities or loans from our directors or others. Our director has agreed to advance funds as needed until the offering is completed or failed and has agreed to pay the cost of reclamation of the property should exploitable minerals not be found and we abandon the second phase of our exploration program and there are no remaining funds in the company. While he has agreed to advance the funds, the agreement is verbal and is unenforceable as a matter of law. The one property in the Company's portfolio, on which the net proceeds of the offering will be spent, is the Hotspot Mineral Claim, comprised of a total of 800 acres. We have not carried out any exploration work on the claim and have incurred no exploration costs. We received our initial funding of $8,000 through the sale of common stock to Michael Hawitt, our officer and director, who purchased 2,000,000 shares of our common stock at $0.004 per share in November, 2007. In January 2008 he was issued an additional 1,000,000 shares valued at $0.004 per share in exchange for an invoice he paid on the company's behalf. From inception until the date of this filing we have had no operating activities. Our financial statements from inception (January 22, 2007) through the year ended February 29, 2008 report no revenues and a net loss of $4,000. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES BASIS OF ACCOUNTING The Company's financial statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting. The Company has elected a February 28, year-end. BASIC EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE In February 1997, the FASB issued SFAS No. 128, "Earnings Per Share", which specifies the computation, presentation and disclosure requirements for earnings (loss) per share for entities with publicly held common stock. SFAS No. 128 supersedes the provisions of APB No. 15, and requires the presentation of basic earnings (loss) per share and diluted earnings (loss) per share. The Company has adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 128 effective November 30, 2007 (date of inception). Basic net earnings (loss) per share amounts is computed by dividing the net earnings (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings (loss) per share are the same as basic earnings (loss) per share due to the lack of dilutive items in the Company. CASH EQUIVALENTS The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 26 USE OF ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. In accordance with FASB 16 all adjustments are normal and recurring. INCOME TAXES Income taxes are provided in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109 (SFAS 109), "Accounting for Income Taxes". A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary differences between financial and tax reporting and net operating loss carryforwards. Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change during the year of deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. DIRECTOR, EXECUTIVE OFFICER, PROMOTER AND CONTROL PERSON The officer and director of Massey Exploration, whose one year terms will expire 2/28/09, or at such a time as their successor(s) shall be elected and qualified are as follows: Name & Address Age Position Date First Elected Term Expires - -------------- --- -------- ------------------ ------------ Michael Hawitt 46 President, 1/22/07 1/31/09 300, 508 24th Avenue SW Secretary, Calgary, Alberta Treasurer, T2S 0K4 CFO, CEO & Director The foregoing person is a promoter of Massey Exploration Corp., as that term is defined in the rules and regulations promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1933. Directors are elected to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. Officers are appointed to serve until the meeting of the board of directors following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. Michael Hawitt currently devotes 2 hours per week to company matters, in the future he intends to devote as much time as the board of directors deems necessary to manage the affairs of the company. No executive officer or director of the corporation has been the subject of any order, judgment, or decree of any court of competent jurisdiction, or any regulatory agency permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting him or her from acting as an investment advisor, underwriter, broker or dealer in the securities industry, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of an investment company, bank, savings and loan association, or insurance company or from engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with any such activity or in connection with the purchase or sale of any securities. 27 No executive officer or director of the corporation has been convicted in any criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations) or is the subject of a criminal proceeding which is currently pending. BACKGROUND INFORMATION MICHAEL HAWITT has been the President, Secretary, Treasurer and a Director of Massey Exploration since January 22, 2007. From January 2003 to present Mr. Hawitt has been the President of Balata Developments, a private real estate development company in Calgary, Alberta. Previously Mr. Hawitt was employed in the oil and gas industry with Shell Canada Ltd. In the mid-1990's he served as a director and officer of Odessa Industries, a mining company listed on the Alberta Stock Exchange. The company had exploration properties in Bolivia and Canada and was involved in a producing gold mine in the Mayaya region of north-eastern Bolivia. Mr. Hawitt earned a Bachelor's Degree in Economics from The University of British Columbia in 1984. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Our current officer receives no compensation. The current Board of Directors is comprised of Michael Hawitt. SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Change in Pension Value and Non-Equity Nonqualified Incentive Deferred All Name and Plan Compen- Other Principal Stock Option Compen- sation Compen- Position Year Salary Bonus Awards Awards sation Earnings sation Totals - ------------ ---- ------ ----- ------ ------ ------ -------- ------ ------ Michael 2008 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Hawitt, President, 2007 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 CFO & CEO 28 OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR END Option Awards Stock Awards ----------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------- Equity Incentive Equity Plan Incentive Awards: Plan Market or Awards: Payout Equity Number of Value of Incentive Number Unearned Unearned Plan Awards; of Market Shares, Shares, Number of Number of Number of Shares Value of Units or Units or Securities Securities Securities or Units Shares or Other Other Underlying Underlying Underlying of Stock Units of Rights Rights Unexercised Unexercised Unexercised Option Option That Stock That That That Options (#) Options (#) Unearned Exercise Expiration Have Not Have Not Have Not Have Not Name Exercisable Unexercisable Options (#) Price Date Vested(#) Vested Vested Vested - ---- ----------- ------------- ----------- ----- ---- --------- ------ ------ ------ Michael 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Hawitt, CEO & CFO DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Change in Pension Value and Fees Non-Equity Nonqualified Earned Incentive Deferred Paid in Stock Option Plan Compensation All Other Name Cash Awards Awards Compensation Earnings Compensation Total ---- ---- ------ ------ ------------ -------- ------------ ----- Michael Hawitt, 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Director There are no current employment agreements between the company and its executive officer. In November 2007 Michael Hawitt purchased 2,000,000 shares of our common stock at $0.004 per share. In January 2008 he was issued an additional 1,000,000 shares valued at $0.004 per share in exchange for an invoice he paid on the company's behalf. The terms of these stock issuances were as fair to the company, in the opinion of the board of directors, as could have been made with an unaffiliated third party. Mr. Hawitt currently devotes approximately 2 hours per week to manage the affairs of the company. He has agreed to work with no remuneration until such time as the company receives sufficient revenues necessary to provide management salaries. At this time, we cannot accurately estimate when sufficient revenues will occur to implement this compensation, or what the amount of the compensation will be. There are no annuity, pension or retirement benefits proposed to be paid to officers, directors or employees in the event of retirement at normal retirement date pursuant to any presently existing plan provided or contributed to by the company or any of its subsidiaries, if any. 29 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth information on the ownership of Massey Exploration Corp. voting securities by officers, directors and major shareholders as well as those who own beneficially more than five percent of our common stock as of the date of this prospectus: No. of No. of Shares Shares Percentage of Ownership Name of Before After Before After Beneficial Owner (1) Offering Offering Offering Offering - ---------------- -------- -------- -------- -------- Michel Hawitt 3,000,000 3,000,000 100% 47% 300, 508 24th Avenue SW Calgary, Alberta T2S 0K4 All Officers and Directors as a Group 3,000,000 3,000,000 100% 47% (1) The person named may be deemed to be a "parent" and "promoter" of the Company, within the meaning of such terms under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS Mr. Hawitt will not be paid for any underwriting services that he performs on our behalf with respect to this offering. He will also not receive any interest on any funds that he may advance to us for expenses incurred prior to the offering being closed. Any funds loaned will be repaid from the proceeds of the offering. In November 2007 Michael Hawitt purchased 2,000,000 shares of our common stock at $0.004 per share. In January 2008 he was issued an additional 1,000,000 shares valued at $0.004 per share in exchange for an invoice he paid on the company's behalf. All of such shares are "restricted" securities, as that term is defined by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and are held by the officer and director of the Company. (See "Principal Stockholders".) INDEMNIFICATION Pursuant to the Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws of the corporation, we may indemnify an officer or director who is made a party to any proceeding, including a law suit, because of his position, if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in our best interest. In certain cases, we may advance expenses incurred in defending any such proceeding. To the extent that the officer or director is successful on the merits in any such proceeding as to which such person is to be indemnified, we must indemnify him against all expenses incurred, including attorney's fees. With respect to a derivative action, indemnity may be made only for expenses actually and reasonably incurred in defending the proceeding, and if the officer or director is judged liable, only by a court order. The indemnification is intended to be to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the provisions above, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act, and is, therefore, unenforceable. 30 In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities, other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by one of our directors, officers, or controlling persons in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding, is asserted by one of our directors, officers, or controlling person sin connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act, and we will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 31 MASSEY EXPLORATION, CORP. INDEX Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-1 Financial Statements: Balance Sheet - February 29, 2008 F-2 Statement of Operations - January 22, 2007 through February 29, 2008 F-3 Statement of Stockholders' Equity - January 22, 2007 through February 29, 2008 F-4 Statement of Cash Flows - January 22, 2007 through February 29, 2008 F-5 Notes to Financial Statements F-6 32 GEORGE STEWART, CPA 2301 SOUTH JACKSON STREET, SUITE 101-G SEATTLE, WASHINGTON 98144 (206) 328-8554 FAX(206) 328-0383 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors Massey Exploration, Corp. I have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Massey Exploration, Corp. (An Exploration Stage Company) as of February 29, 2008, and the related statement of operations, stockholders' equity and cash flows for the period from January 22, 2007 (inception), to February 29, 2008. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. My responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on my audit. I conducted my audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that I plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. I believe that my audit provides a reasonable basis for my opinion. In my opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Massey Exploration, Corp. (An Exploration Stage Company) as of February 29, 2008, and the results of its operations and cash flows from January 22, 2007 (inception), to February 29, 2008 in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note # 4 to the financial statements, the Company has had no operations and has no established source of revenue. This raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plan in regard to these matters is also described in Note # 4. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. /s/ George Stewart, CPA - ---------------------------------- Seattle, Washington April 25, 2008 F-1 MASSEY EXPLORATION CORP. (An Exploration Stage Company) Balance Sheet - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- As of February 29, 2008 ------- ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS Cash $ 8,000 ------- TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 8,000 ------- TOTAL ASSETS $ 8,000 ======= LIABILITIES & STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES Accounts Payable $ -- ------- TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES -- ------- TOTAL LIABILITIES -- ------- STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Common stock, ($0.001 par value, 75,000,000 shares authorized; 3,000,000 shares issued and outstanding as of February 29, 2008 3,000 Additional paid-in capital 9,000 Deficit accumulated during exploration stage (4,000) ------- TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 8,000 ------- TOTAL LIABILITIES & STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY $ 8,000 ======= See Notes to Financial Statements F-2 MASSEY EXPLORATION CORP. (An Exploration Stage Company) Statement of Operations - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- January 22, 2007 (inception) through February 29, 2008 ---------- REVENUES Revenues $ -- ---------- TOTAL REVENUES -- EXPENSES Property Expenditures 4,000 ---------- TOTAL EXPENSES (4,000) ---------- NET INCOME (LOSS) $ (4,000) ========== BASIC EARNING (LOSS) PER SHARE $ (0.01) ========== WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING 465,753 ========== See Notes to Financial Statements F-3 MASSEY EXPLORATION CORP. (An Exploration Stage Company) Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity From January 22, 2007 (Inception) through February 29, 2008 - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Deficit Accumulated Common Additional During Common Stock Paid-in Exploration Stock Amount Capital Stage Total ----- ------ ------- ----- ----- BALANCE, JANUARY 22, 2007 -- $ -- $ -- $ -- $ -- Stock issued for cash on November 14, 2007 @ $0.004 per share 1,000,000 1,000 3,000 4,000 Stock issued for cash on January 30, 2008 @ $0.004 per share 2,000,000 2,000 6,000 8,000 Net loss, February 29, 2008 (4,000) (4,000) ---------- ------- ------- -------- -------- BALANCE, FEBRUARY 29, 2008 3,000,000 $ 3,000 $ 9,000 $ (4,000) $ 8,000 ========== ======= ======= ======== ======== See Notes to Financial Statements F-4 MASSEY EXPLORATION CORP. (An Exploration Stage Company) Statement of Cash Flows - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- January 22, 2007 (inception) through February 29, 2008 -------- CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income (loss) $ (4,000) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Changes in operating assets and liabilities: -------- NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES (4,000) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES -- CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Issuance of common stock 12,000 -------- NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES 12,000 -------- NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH 8,000 CASH AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD -- -------- CASH AT END OF YEAR $ 8,000 ======== SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid during year for: Interest $ -- ======== Income Taxes $ -- ======== See Notes to Financial Statements F-5 MASSEY EXPLORATION CORP. (An Exploration Stage Company) Notes to Financial Statements February 29, 2008 NOTE 1. ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS Massey Exploration Corp. (the Company) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on January 22, 2007. The Company was formed to engage in the acquisition, exploration and development of natural resource properties. The Company is in the exploration stage. Its activities to date have been limited to capital formation, organization and development of its business plan. The Company has not commenced operations. NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES BASIS OF ACCOUNTING The Company's financial statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting. The Company has elected a February 28, year-end. BASIC EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE In February 1997, the FASB issued SFAS No. 128, "Earnings Per Share", which specifies the computation, presentation and disclosure requirements for earnings (loss) per share for entities with publicly held common stock. SFAS No. 128 supersedes the provisions of APB No. 15, and requires the presentation of basic earnings (loss) per share and diluted earnings (loss) per share. The Company has adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 128 effective November 30, 2007 (date of inception). Basic net earnings (loss) per share amounts is computed by dividing the net earnings (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings (loss) per share are the same as basic earnings (loss) per share due to the lack of dilutive items in the Company. CASH EQUIVALENTS The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. USE OF ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. In accordance with FASB 16 all adjustments are normal and recurring. F-6 MASSEY EXPLORATION CORP. (An Exploration Stage Company) Notes to Financial Statements February 29, 2008 NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) INCOME TAXES Income taxes are provided in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109 (SFAS 109), "Accounting for Income Taxes". A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary differences between financial and tax reporting and net operating loss carryforwards. Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change during the year of deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. NOTE 3. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUCEMENTS In September 2006, the SEC issued SAB No. 108, "Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements." SAB No. 108 addresses how the effects of prior year uncorrected misstatements should be considered when quantifying misstatements in current year financial statements. SAB No. 108 requires companies to quantify misstatements using a balance sheet and income statement approach and to evaluate whether either approach results in quantifying an error that is material in light of relevant quantitative and qualitative factors. SAB No. 108 is effective for periods ending after November 15, 2006. The adoption of SAB No. 108 had no material effect on the Company's financial statements. In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157, "Fair Value Measures". This Statement defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), expands disclosures about fair value measurements, and applies under other accounting pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements. SFAS No. 157 does not require any new fair value measurements. However, the FASB anticipates that for some entities, the application of SFAS No. 157 will change current practice. SFAS No. 157 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007, which for the Company would be the fiscal year beginning March 1, 2008. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of SFAS No. 157 but does not expect that it will have a material impact on its financial statements. In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 158, "Employers' Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other Post-retirement Plans." This Statement requires an employer to recognize the over funded or under funded status of a defined benefit post retirement plan (other than a multi-employer plan) as an asset or liability in its statement of financial position, and to recognize changes in that funded status in the year in which the changes occur through comprehensive income. SFAS No. 158 is effective for fiscal years ending after December 15, 2006. The implementation of SFAS No. 158 had no material impact on the Company's financial position and results of operations. F-7 MASSEY EXPLORATION CORP. (An Exploration Stage Company) Notes to Financial Statements February 29, 2008 NOTE 3. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUCEMENTS (Continued) In February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 159, "The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities". This statement permits entities to choose to measure many financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses on items for which the fair value option has been elected are reported in earnings. SFAS No. 159 is effective for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007. The Company is currently assessing the impact of SFAS No. 159 on its financial position and results of operations. NOTE 4. GOING CONCERN The accompanying financial statements are presented on a going concern basis. The Company had no operations during the period from January 22, 2007 (date of inception) to February 29, 2008 and generated a net loss of $4,000. This condition raises substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Because the Company is currently in the exploration stage and has minimal expenses, management believes that the company's current cash of $8,000 is sufficient to cover the expenses they will incur during the next twelve months in a limited operations scenario or until they raise additional funding. Management plans to raise additional funds through debt or equity offerings. Management's current plan includes a S-1 registration statement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission of 3,300,000 shares for sale at $.02 per share to raise capital of $66,000 to implement their business plan. There is no guarantee that the Company will be able to raise any capital through this or any other offerings. NOTE 5. WARRANTS AND OPTIONS There are no warrants or options outstanding to acquire any additional shares of common. NOTE 6. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS The sole officer and director of the Company may, in the future, become involved in other business opportunities as they become available, he may face a conflict in selecting between the Company and his other business opportunities. The Company has not formulated a policy for the resolution of such conflicts. Michael Hawitt, sole officer and director of the Company, will not be paid for any underwriting services that he performs on behalf of the Company with respect to the Company's upcoming S-1 offering. He will also not receive any interest on any funds that he advances to the Company for offering expenses prior to the offering being closed which will be repaid from the proceeds of the offering. F-8 MASSEY EXPLORATION CORP. (An Exploration Stage Company) Notes to Financial Statements February 29, 2008 NOTE 7. INCOME TAXES As of February 29, 2008 ----------------------- Deferred tax assets: Net operating tax carryforwards $ 4,000 Tax rate 34% ------- Gross deferred tax assets 1,360 Valuation allowance (1,360) ------- Net deferred tax assets $ 0 ======= Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon sufficient future taxable income during the period that deductible temporary differences and carryforwards are expected to be available to reduce taxable income. As the achievement of required future taxable income is uncertain, the Company recorded a valuation allowance. NOTE 8. NET OPERATING LOSSES As of February 29, 2008, the Company has a net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $4,000. Net operating loss carryforwards expire twenty years from the date the loss was incurred. NOTE 9. STOCK TRANSACTIONS Transactions, other than employees' stock issuance, are in accordance with paragraph 8 of SFAS 123. Thus issuances shall be accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration received. Transactions with employees' stock issuance are in accordance with paragraphs (16-44) of SFAS 123. These issuances shall be accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, or whichever is more readily determinable. On November 14, 2007, the Company issued a total of 1,000,000 shares of common stock to Michael Hawitt for cash in the amount of $0.004 per share for a total of $4,000. On January 30, 2008, the Company issued a total of 2,000,000 shares of common stock at $0.004 per share to Michael Hawitt in exchange for an invoice paid on behalf of the Company in the amount of $8,000. As of February 29, 2008 the Company had 3,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. F-9 MASSEY EXPLORATION CORP. (An Exploration Stage Company) Notes to Financial Statements February 29, 2008 NOTE 10. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY The stockholders' equity section of the Company contains the following classes of capital stock as of February 29, 2008: Common stock, $ 0.001 par value: 75,000,000 shares authorized; 3,000,000 shares issued and outstanding. F-10 DEALER PROSPECTUS DELIVERY OBLIGATION "UNTIL ______________, ALL DEALERS THAT EFFECT TRANSACTIONS IN THESE SECURITIES, WHETHER OR NOT PARTICIPATING IN THIS OFFERING, MAY BE REQUIRED TO DELIVER A PROSPECTUS. THIS IS IN ADDITION TO THE DEALERS' OBLIGATION TO DELIVER A PROSPECTUS WHEN ACTING AS UNDERWRITERS AND WITH RESPECT TO THEIR UNSOLD ALLOTMENTS OR SUBSCRIPTIONS." PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN THE PROSPECTUS OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION The estimated costs of the offering are denoted below. Please note all amounts are estimates other than the Commission's registration fee. Securities and Exchange Commission registration fee $ 3 Accounting fees and expenses $3,000 Legal fees $1,500 Preparation and EDGAR conversion fees $1,300 Transfer Agent fees $ 750 Printing $ 547 ------ Total $7,100 ====== INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS The By-Laws of Massey Exploration allow for the indemnification of the officers and directors in regard to their carrying out the duties of their offices. The board of directors will make determination regarding the indemnification of the director, officer or employee as is proper under the circumstances if he/she has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the Nevada General Corporation Law. Section 78.751 of the Nevada Business Corporation Act provides that each corporation shall have the following powers: "1. A corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, except an action by or in the right of the corporation, by reason of any fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses, including attorneys fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a pleas of nolo contendere or its equivalent, does not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and that, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, he had a reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. 2. A corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses, including amounts paid in settlement and attorneys fees actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of the action or suit if he acted in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation. Indemnification may not be made for any claim, issue or matter as to which such a person has been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction, after exhaustion of all appeals there from, to II-1 be liable to the corporation or for amounts paid in settlement to the corporation, unless and only to the extent that the court in which the action or suit was brought or other court of competent jurisdiction, determines upon application that in view of all the circumstances of the case, the person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses as the court deems proper. 3. To the extent that a director, officer, employee or agent of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in sections 1 and 2, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, he must be indemnified by the corporation against expenses, including attorneys fees, actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense. 4. Any indemnification under sections 1 and 2, unless ordered by a court or advanced pursuant to section 5, must be made by the corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances. The determination must be made: a. By the stockholders; b. By the board of directors by majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the act, suit or proceeding; c. If a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the act, suit or proceeding so orders, by independent legal counsel, in a written opinion; or d. If a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the act, suit or proceeding cannot be obtained, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion. 5. The certificate of articles of incorporation, the bylaws or an agreement made by the corporation may provide that the expenses of officers and directors incurred in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding must be paid by the corporation as they are incurred and in advance of the final disposition of the action, suit or proceeding, upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the director or officer to repay the amount if it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation. The provisions of this section do not affect any rights to advancement of expenses to which corporate personnel other than director or officers may be entitled under any contract or otherwise by law. 6. The indemnification and advancement of expenses authorized in or ordered by a court pursuant to this section: a. Does not include any other rights to which a person seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under the certificate or articles of incorporation or any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, for either an action in his official capacity or an action in another capacity while holding his office, except that indemnification, unless ordered by a court pursuant to section 2 or for the advancement of expenses made pursuant to section 5, may not be made to or on behalf of any director or officer if a final adjudication establishes that his acts or omission involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of the law and was material to the cause of action. b. Continues for a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and inures to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. II-2 c. The Articles of Incorporation provides that "the Corporation shall indemnify its officers, directors, employees and agents to the fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law of Nevada, as amended from time to time." As to indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 for directors, officers or persons controlling Massey Exploration Corp., we have been informed that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy and unenforceable. RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES Set forth below is information regarding the issuance and sales of securities without registration since inception. No such sales involved the use of an underwriter; no advertising or public solicitation was involved; the securities bear a restrictive legend; and no commissions were paid in connection with the sale of any securities. In November, 2007, a total of 2,000,000 shares of common stock were issued in exchange for $8,000 US, or $.004 per share. These securities were issued to Mr. Hawitt, the officer and director of the company. In January 2008 he was issued an additional 1,000,000 shares valued at $0.004 per share in exchange for an invoice he paid on the company's behalf. EXHIBITS Exhibit 3.1 Articles of Incorporation Exhibit 3.2 Bylaws Exhibit 5.1 Opinion re: Legality Exhibit 23.1 Consent of counsel (See Exhibit 5) Exhibit 23.2 Consent of independent auditor Exhibit 23.3 Consent of geologist (See Section 19.0, subsection 11.0, of Exhibit 99.2) Exhibit 99.1 Subscription Agreement Exhibit 99.2 Geology Report UNDERTAKINGS a. The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: 1. To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: i. To include any prospectus required by section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; ii. To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20% change II-3 in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the "Calculation of Registration Fee" table in the effective registration statement. iii. To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; 2. That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. 3. To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. 4. That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser: i. If the registrant is relying on Rule 430B (230.430B of this chapter): A. Each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3)shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and B. Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by section 10(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such effective date; or ii. If the registrant is subject to Rule 430C, each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the II-4 registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. 5. That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities: The undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: i. Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; ii. Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; iii. The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and iv. Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the 1933 Act may be permitted to our director, officer and controlling persons of the small business issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the small business issuer has been advised that in the opinion of the Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the 1933 Act, and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the small business issuer of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the small business issuer in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the small business issuer will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the 1933 Act, and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. II-5 SIGNATURES In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe it meets all of the requirements for filing Form S-1 and authorized this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, in the city of Calgary, Alberta on May 8, 2008. Massey Exploration Corp. /s/ Michael Hawitt -------------------------- By: Michael Hawitt, Director (Principal Executive Officer) In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement was signed by the following person in the capacities and date stated. /s/ Michael Hawitt May 8, 2008 - --------------------------------------------- ----------- Michael Hawitt, President & Director Date (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer) II-6
