Form S-1 Table of Contents As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 13, 2008 Registration No. UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AURIOS INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Arizona 3670 86-1037558 (State or jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 1741 W. University Drive, Suite 146 Tempe, AZ 85281 (602) 426-1211 (Address and telephone number of principal executive offices) 1741 W. University Drive, Suite 146 Tempe, AZ 85281 (602) 426-1211 (Address of principal place of business or intended principal place of business) With copies to: Aurios Inc. Attn: Paul Attaway 1741 W. University Drive, Suite 146 Tempe, AZ 85281 Phone: (602) 426-1211 Fax: (602) 426-1611 Christian J. Hoffmann, III, Esq. Quarles & Brady LLP One Renaissance Square Two North Central Avenue Phoenix, Arizona 85004 Phone: (602) 229-5200 Fax: (602) 420-5008 (Name, address and telephone number of agent for service) Approximate date of proposed sale to the public : From time to time after the Registration Statement becomes effective as determined by market conditions and the needs of the selling stockholders. If any of the securities being registered on this from are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box. x If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ Table of Contents If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer ¨ Accelerated filer ¨ Non-accelerated filer ¨ Smaller reporting company x (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of each class of securities to be Registered Amount to be registered(1) Proposed maximum offering price per share(2) Proposed maximum aggregate offering price(2) Amount of registration fee(4) Common Stock, no par value 1,356,000 (3) $ 0.40 $ 542,400 $ 21.32 (1) Pursuant to Rule 416, under the Securities Act, there are also being registered hereby such indeterminate number of additional shares of common stock as may become issuable pursuant to certain applicable provisions providing for the adjustment of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of preferred stock. (2) The selling security holders will sell their shares of our common stock at a price of $0.40 per share until shares of our common stock are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board or listed for trading or quoted on any other public market and thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. Our common stock is presently not traded on any market or securities exchange and we have not applied for listing or quotation on any public market. (3) Represents 896,000 shares of common stock outstanding and 460,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock convertible into an aggregate of 460,000 shares of common stock. (4) Estimated in accordance with Rule 457(c) solely for the purpose of computing the amount of the registration fee based on a bona fide estimate of the maximum offering price. The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. Table of Contents The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We have filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to this resale prospectus. These securities may not be sold until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED MAY 13 , 2008 PROSPECTUS AURIOS INC. Resale of 1,356,000 shares of common stock, no par value per share This is a prospectus for the resale of up to 896,000 shares of our issued and outstanding common stock, no par value per share, and 460,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of 460,000 outstanding shares of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (“Preferred Stock”) by the selling stockholders listed herein. We will receive none of the proceeds from the sale of these securities by the selling stockholders and we will bear certain expenses incident to their registration. The selling security holders will sell their shares of our common stock at a price of $0.40 per share until shares of our common stock are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board or listed for trading or quoted on any other public market and thereafter prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. Certain of the selling shareholders are our directors, officers and principal shareholders. For a description of the plan of distribution of these securities, please see “Plan of Distribution” on page 11 of this prospectus. Our common stock is presently not traded on any market or securities exchange and we have not applied for listing or quotation on any public market. Investing in our common stock involves very high risks. See “ Risk Factors ” on page 4 of this prospectus. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with information that is different from that contained in this prospectus. The selling stockholders are offering to sell and seeking offers to buy shares of our common stock only in jurisdictions where offers and sales are permitted. This document may only be used where it is legal to sell the shares of common stock. The information contained in this prospectus is accurate only as of the date of this prospectus, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus or of any sale of our common stock. The date of this prospectus is May , 2008. Table of Contents AVAILABLE INFORMATION We are subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) and, in accordance therewith, file reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Such reports, proxy statements and other information filed with the SEC can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C., 20549. Electronic filings filed on or after July 1, 1992 are available via the Electronic Data Gathering Analysis and Retrieval System (EDGAR) at the public reference facility. The SEC also maintains a web site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other materials that are filed through EDGAR which can be accessed at http://www.sec.gov. This prospectus constitutes a part of a registration statement on Form S-1 (together with all amendments and exhibits thereto, the “Registration Statement”) filed by the Company with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). As permitted by the rules and regulations of the SEC, this prospectus omits certain information contained in the Registration Statement, and reference is made to the Registration Statement and related exhibits for further information with respect to the Company and the securities offered hereby. Any statements contained herein concerning the provisions of any document filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement or otherwise filed with the SEC are not necessarily complete, and in each instance reference is made to the copy of such document so filed. Each such statement is qualified in its entirety by such reference. We hereby undertake to provide without charge to each person, including a beneficial owner, to whom a prospectus is delivered, upon written or oral request of each person, a copy of any document included herein. Requests should be directed to: Paul Attaway President and Chief Financial Officer Aurios Inc. 1741 W. University Drive, Suite 146 Tempe, AZ 85281 Telephone: (602) 426-1211 Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page No. PROSPECTUS AVAILABLE INFORMATION PROSPECTUS SUMMARY 1 RISK FACTORS 4 USE OF PROCEEDS 8 DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE 8 DILUTION 8 SELLING SECURITY HOLDERS 9 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 11 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 12 INTEREST OF NAMED EXPERTS AND COUNSEL 13 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 13 DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY 17 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 17 MARKET PRICE OF AND DIVIDENDS ON THE REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 18 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 19 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS 22 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 23 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 26 TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PERSONS, PROMOTERS AND CERTAIN CONTROL PERSONS 27 DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION OF INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES 28 WHERE TO GET MORE INFORMATION 29 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-1 PART II - INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS II-1 i Table of Contents PART I INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights some information from this prospectus and it does not contain all the information necessary for your investment decision. The following summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the more detailed information and financial statements appearing elsewhere in and incorporated by reference into this prospectus. The shares offered hereby are speculative and involve a high degree of risk. Each prospective investor should carefully review the entire prospectus, the financial statements and all exhibits and documents referred to therein. See “Risk Factors.” This prospectus covers the resale of up to an aggregate of 1,356,000 shares of common stock of Aurios Inc., of which 460,000 are shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of outstanding Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (“Preferred Stock”) we sold in a private placement that closed in December 2007. The selling security holders will sell their shares of common stock at $0.40 per share until the common stock is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board or listed for trading or quotation on any other public market and thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. The common stock of Aurios is presently not traded on any market or securities exchange and Aurios has not applied for listing or quotation on any public market. Except as otherwise required by the context, references in this prospectus to “we,” “our,” “us,” the “Company” and “Aurios” refer to Aurios Inc., an Arizona corporation. History We were formed in August 2001 by our former parent company, True Gravity Enterprises, Inc. (“TGE”), as its wholly owned subsidiary. We ceased being a wholly owned subsidiary of TGE in June 2007. Our corporate offices are located at 1741 W. University Drive, Suite 146, Tempe, Arizona 85281 and our telephone number is (602) 426-1211. Products We produce, market and distribute vibration isolation products to the high-end audio and video markets in the United States and in certain foreign countries. Our products are the Classic Media Isolation Bearing (the “Classic MIB”), the Pro Media Isolation Bearing (the “PRO MIB”) and the Isotone Media Isolation Bearing (the “Isotone”). Our vibration isolation products produce superior sound quality by sharpening, not softening, the sound. Our products are protected by patents both in the United States and Taiwan, and a patent is pending in Japan. TGE owns the patents relating to the products and it has granted us a non-exclusive world-wide license to sell products under the patents and to use the Aurios trademark in connection with the products. The license has a term of two years and is renewable for additional two-year terms as long as we are in compliance with its terms. We pay TGE a royalty of 5% of our net sales for the license. Our minimum royalty payment under the license is $2,500 per year. Our president and chief financial officer, who is also a director and our largest stockholder, is also the president, director and largest stockholder of TGE. We outsource the manufacture of our products to several qualified machine shops in the Phoenix metropolitan area. 1 Table of Contents THE OFFERING Common Stock Up to an aggregate of 896,000 shares of our issued and outstanding common stock and up to 460,000 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of 460,000 outstanding shares Series A Convertible Preferred Stock may be offered under this prospectus. Common Stock Outstanding Common stock outstanding prior to this offering 896,000 shares (1) Common stock outstanding after this offering, assuming conversion of all Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 1,356,000 shares (2) Proposed OTC Bulletin Board Symbol Common stock: “AURS.OB” (3) Use of Proceeds We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the shares of common stock by the selling stockholders. See “Use of Proceeds.” Plan of Distribution The shares of common stock offered hereby may be sold from time to time by the selling stockholders in one or more transactions in the over-the-counter or any public market on which our common stock trades at prevailing market prices at the time of the sale or in negotiated transactions. We are paying all of the expenses in connection with the preparation of this prospectus and the related Registration Statement, estimated at $36,022. See “Selling Stockholders” and “Plan of Distribution.” Risk Factors This offering involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors,” as well as other cautionary statements throughout this prospectus, before investing in shares of our common stock. (1) Indicates shares of common stock outstanding at May 1, 2008. (2) Includes 896,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding at May 1, 2008 plus 460,000 shares of common stock, assuming conversion of all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock into shares of common stock. (3) We have not yet applied for listing on the OTC Bulletin Board. The symbol “AURS.OB” may not be available when we apply for inclusion on the OTC Bulletin Board. 2 Table of Contents SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Some of the statements contained in this prospectus discuss future expectations, contain projections of results of operation or financial condition or state other “forward-looking” information. The words “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate, “ “intend,” “estimate,” “may,” “should,” “could,” “will,” “plan,” “future,” “continue,” and other expressions that are predictions of or indicate future events and trends and that do not relate to historical matters identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the expectations or forecasts of future events, can be affected by inaccurate assumptions, and are subject to various business risks and known and unknown uncertainties, a number of which are beyond the control of management. Therefore, the actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus. Important factors that may cause the actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements, projections or other expectations include, for example, the following: • our ability to implement our business plan; • our ability to increase revenues and market penetration; • impairment of license, patent or other proprietary rights; • competition from larger, more established companies with far greater economic and human resources than we have; • our ability to attract and retain customers and quality employees; • the effect of changing economic conditions; and • changes in government regulations, tax rates and similar matters. We do not promise to update forward-looking information to reflect actual results or changes in assumptions or other factors that could affect statements made in this prospectus. 3 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investment in our common stock involves a number of risks. In addition to the risks and investment considerations discussed elsewhere in this prospectus, the following factors should be carefully considered by anyone purchasing the securities offered by this prospectus. History of Declining Operating Results We have incurred net losses of $41,658 for the period from August 7, 2001 (inception) to December 31, 2007. We intend to use the proceeds from our private placement that closed in December 2007 to rejuvenate the presentation of our products and marketing efforts in order to increase revenues and profits. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in this regard. Our auditors have expressed a going concern opinion We have an accumulated deficit and have had negative cash flows from our operations. Accordingly, we have received a report from our independent auditors that includes an explanatory paragraph describing their substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. This may negatively impact our ability to obtain additional funding or funding on terms attractive to us and may negatively impact the market price of our stock. Our cash requirements may vary materially from those now planned depending on numerous factors, including the results of our marketing efforts, our business development activities, the results of future research and development and competition. We believe that the net proceeds from our prior capital raising activities, together with our projected revenue and cash flow from future operations, will be sufficient to fund our working capital and other capital requirements for the immediate future. If, however, our estimates are incorrect and we require additional capital, there can be no assurance that additional funds will be available on terms attractive to us or at all. If adequate funds are not available, we may be required to curtail our marketing and new product development activities and/or otherwise materially reduce our operations. Implementation of Business Plan We have sufficient working capital to pursue the initial stage of our business plan as described in this prospectus. We may incur operating deficits as we implement our business plan. Our ability to fully implement our business plan and significantly increase our revenues will depend upon our ability to execute our business plan and may require us to raise additional capital through the sale of debt or equity securities. If we do not achieve a profitable level of operations from our operations, we will require additional capital. No assurance can be given that we will be able to obtain additional capital or, if available, that such capital will be available at terms acceptable to us, or that we will be able to generate profits from operations, or if profits are generated, that they will be sufficient to carry out our business plan, or that the plan will not be modified. Our ability to successfully market our products to the intended range of customers depends on our ability to retain employees or consultants with strong industry contacts and knowledge of our products. Individuals with specialized industry skills may be in short supply given our size and competition for qualified sales persons is intense. The failure to attract new qualified personnel could adversely affect our business and growth prospects. In formulating our business plan, we have relied on the judgment of our officers and their experience in and research on the industry. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain sufficient financing or implement the business plan we have devised. Further, even with sufficient financing, there can be no assurance that we will be able to expand on a national or international basis or operate our business on a profitable basis. Our plans are based upon the assumptions that present market conditions in the business that we plan to operate will continue and that the risks described in this prospectus will be dealt with successfully. There can be no assurance that such plans will be realized or that any of the assumptions will prove to be correct. Uncertainties Regarding Increasing Revenues and Market Penetration We conducted our own research into the markets for our products. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in our efforts to increase our market penetration or to develop markets in the manner we contemplate. 4 Table of Contents Economic and General Risks Relating to Business The success of our activities is subject to risks inherent in business generally, including (i) demand for products and services; (ii) general economic conditions; (iii) changes in taxes and tax laws; and (iv) changes in governmental regulations and policies. Costs of Production and Profitability Our actual costs of production may exceed those of competitors and, even if our costs of production are lower, our competitors may be able to sell the same or similar products at a lower price than is economical for us. Patents and Intellectual Property Protection We rely on TGE to protect the intellectual property respecting our products. TGE has used a combination of U.S. and foreign patent and trademark laws, trade secrets, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect its proprietary rights to our products. There can, however, be no assurance that any of TGE’s pending or future patent applications, whether or not being currently challenged by applicable governmental patent examiners, will be issued with the scope of the claims sought, if at all. There also can be no assurance that any patents TGE has or may obtain will not be invalidated, circumvented or challenged. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that others will not develop technologies which are similar or superior to TGE’s technology or design around any patents owned by it. Unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of the products or to obtain and use information they regard as proprietary. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights as fully as do the laws of the United States. There can be no assurance that TGE’s means of protecting its proprietary rights in the United States will be adequate or that others will not independently develop similar or superior technology. Dependence on Key Personnel We are highly dependent on the services of Paul Attaway and Timothy Lewis. The loss of the services of either of these individuals would harm our business. Our future success also depends on our ability to attract, train, retain and motivate other highly qualified sales, technical and managerial personnel. Competition for such personnel is intense and we may not be able to attract, train, retain or motivate such persons in the future. There is a limited market for your shares and you may not be able to sell them There is no assurance that this or any future registration statement will be declared effective by the SEC. We expect the SEC to scrutinize our registration statements because of the relatively early stage of development of our business compared to most public companies. The fact that the SEC has reviewed a registration statement does not ensure that such filing is more accurate than a filing that was not reviewed by the SEC, and the level of SEC review does not ensure any additional accuracy of such filing. We intend in the near term to apply for inclusion of our common stock on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board (“OTC Bulletin Board”). Although we will be applying to include our common stock on the OTC Bulletin Board, there can be no assurance that our application will be granted or that an active market will develop for our common stock on the OTC Bulletin Board. Additionally, there can be no assurance any broker will be interested in trading our stock. Therefore, it may be difficult to sell your shares of common stock if you desire or need to sell them. You may have no more liquidity in your shares of common stock even if we are successful in the future in registering with the SEC and having our common stock quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. Control by Key Shareholders As of May 1, 2008 our largest stockholders, Paul Attaway, Ira J. Gaines and Christian J. Hoffmann, III hold shares representing approximately 95.5% of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. These shareholders may, if they act together, exercise significant influence over all matters requiring shareholder approval, including the election of directors and the determination of significant corporate actions, as well as control the management, policies and operation of the Company. This concentration of ownership could depress the stock price or value of the Company or delay or prevent a change in control that could be otherwise beneficial to our shareholders. 5 Table of Contents Risks of the Industry Technology Advancements . Our industry is susceptible to fast-paced technological advancements and our competitive advantage may be reduced if we fail to keep up with changes in the technological processes. Our products are subject to technological change and innovation. Technological developments are occurring rapidly and while the effects of such developments are uncertain, they may have a material adverse effect on the demand for our products. Additionally, we may not be able to match any technological changes to the needs of our target customers, which will reduce demand for our products. Competition . There are numerous other companies, including Kinetics Systems, Inc., Bright Star, Audioquest, Final Labs and Symposium, that are engaged in the business of manufacturing or selling vibration isolation products. Some of these companies may have greater resources than we do and enjoy well established production facilities and processes, market presence, distribution networks and market share. It is likely that any or all of these other companies are in the process of, and have allocated substantially more resources to, developing their own products that are or would be competitive with our high purity products. If any of these companies is successful in its efforts to develop high quality vibration isolation products at lower costs than we have, such a company would have substantially greater resources to market its competing products. The ability of these companies to produce economies of scale may put us at a disadvantage. Increased competition or our failure to compete successfully is likely to result in price reductions, fewer customer orders, reduced gross margins, increased marketing costs, failure to acquire or retain market share, or any combination of these problems. Risks Relating to this Registration Any future sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock could depress the trading price of our common stock, lower our value and make it more difficult for us to raise capital Any sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock, or the prospect of such sales, may have the effect of depressing the trading price of our common stock. In addition, those sales could lower our value and make it more difficult for us to raise capital. Further, the timing of the sale of the shares of our common stock may occur at a time when we would otherwise be able to obtain additional equity capital on terms more favorable to us. At May 1, 2008, we had 896,000 shares of common stock outstanding plus 460,000 shares of Preferred Stock, convertible into 460,000 shares of common stock. All such shares of common stock, assuming conversion of all 460,000 outstanding shares of Preferred Stock into shares of common stock, will be eligible for resale in the public market under this prospectus, subject to applicable federal securities law restrictions. The possible issuance of common stock subject to options and warrants may dilute the interest of stockholders The board of directors adopted the 2007 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the “2007 Plan”) on July 1, 2007 and the shareholders approved the Plan on July 8, 2007. The Plan authorizes us to issue up to 250,000 shares of our common stock upon exercise of options and grant of restricted stock awards. To date, we have not issued any options or restricted stock awards under the Plan. To the extent we issue stock options or warrants under the 2007 Plan and such outstanding stock options and warrants are exercised, dilution to the interests of our stockholders may occur. Moreover, the terms upon which we will be able to obtain additional equity capital may be adversely affected since the holders of the outstanding options can be expected to exercise them at a time when we would, in all likelihood, be able to obtain any needed capital on terms more favorable to us than those provided in such outstanding options. We have additional securities available for issuance, which, if issued, could adversely affect the rights of the holders of our common stock Our Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance of 90,000,000 shares of our common stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock. The common stock and preferred stock can be issued by our board of directors, without stockholder approval. Any future issuances of our common stock would further dilute the percentage ownership of the Company held by public stockholders. We have never paid dividends and have no plans to in the future. We do not intend to pay dividends on our Preferred Stock or common stock in the foreseeable future. As an Arizona corporation, we are legally permitted to declare and pay dividends only out of surplus, or, if there is no surplus, out of net 6 Table of Contents profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared and for the preceding fiscal year. To the extent no surplus or net profits of the Company are available for payment of dividends, we cannot pay dividends on the Preferred Stock. Any dividends not paid will accrue. No interest will be paid on any accrued but unpaid dividends. There can no be no assurance that we will declare any dividends or have sufficient surplus or generate any or sufficient earnings to pay cash or stock dividends on the Preferred Stock. We will pay dividends on the Preferred Stock, when and if declared by the board of directors and when and if funds are legally available therefore. If dividends are declared, all accrued but unpaid dividends on the Preferred Stock must be paid in full before any additional dividends may be declared and paid on the Common Stock. Dividends shall accrue if they are not paid when due. See “Description of Securities.” Our stock price is likely to be highly volatile because of several factors, including a limited public float The market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile because we will be a new issue and because there likely will be a thin trading market for our stock, which causes trades of small blocks of stock to have a significant impact on our stock price. You may not be able to resell shares of our common stock following periods of volatility because of the market’s adverse reaction to volatility. • Other factors that could cause such volatility may include, among other things: • actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; • the potential absence of securities analysts covering us and distributing research and recommendations about us; • we may have a low trading volume for a number of reasons, including that a large amount of our stock is closely held; • overall stock market fluctuations; • announcements concerning our business or those of our competitors; • our ability to raise capital when we require it, and to raise such capital on favorable terms; • changes in financial estimates by securities analysts or our failure to perform as anticipated by the analysts; • announcements of technological innovations; • conditions or trends in the industry; • litigation; • changes in market valuations of other similar companies; • future sales of common stock; • departure of key personnel or failure to hire key personnel; and • general market conditions. Any of these factors could have a significant and adverse impact on the market price of our common stock. In addition, the stock market in general has at times experienced extreme volatility and rapid decline that has often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. Indemnification of officers and directors Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws contain broad indemnification and liability limiting provisions regarding our officers, directors and employees, including the limitation of liability for certain violations of fiduciary duties. Our shareholders therefore will have only limited recourse against the individuals. 7 Table of Contents USE OF PROCEEDS We will not receive any proceeds from this offering. All proceeds from the sale of the shares by this prospectus will go to the selling stockholders. DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE The selling stockholders will sell their shares of our common stock at a price of $0.40 per share until shares of our common stock are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board or listed for trading or quoted on any other public market and thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. The offering price of $0.40 per share is based on the estimated value of our common stock only and does not have any relationship to any established criteria of value, such as book value or earnings per share. The price of the common stock is not based on past earnings, nor is the price of the common stock indicative of the current market value of our assets. No valuation or appraisal has been prepared for our business and potential business expansion. Our common stock is not presently traded on any market or securities exchange, but we plan to apply for the inclusion of our common stock on the OTC Bulletin Board in the near future. DILUTION Sales of shares of our common stock will not result in any change in the net tangible book value per share before and after the distribution of shares by the selling stockholders. There will be no change in the net tangible book value per share attributable to cash payments made by purchasers of the shares being offered by the selling stockholders. Prospective investors in the shares held by the selling stockholders should be aware, however, that the price of the shares being offered by the selling stockholders may not bear any rational relationship to our net tangible book value per share. 8 Table of Contents SELLING SECURITY HOLDERS Each of the selling stockholders listed below is, as of the date of this prospectus, the holder of our common stock or the holder of our Preferred Stock, which is convertible into common stock. The number of shares of common stock owned or to be acquired is set forth opposite each selling stockholder’s name. The issuance of our common stock to the selling stockholders was a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and various state securities laws. Each selling stockholder will determine the number of shares that he or she may actually sell. The selling stockholders are under no obligation to sell all or any portion of the shares offered, nor are the selling stockholders obligated to sell such shares immediately under this prospectus. Particular selling stockholders may not have a present intention of selling their shares and may offer less than the number of shares indicated. Because a selling stockholder may sell all, some or none of his or her shares of common stock, no estimate can be given as to the number of shares of our common stock that will be held by a selling stockholder upon termination of the offering. Shares of our common stock may be sold from time to time by the selling stockholders or by pledges, donees, transferees or other successors in interest. The following table provides certain information with respect to the common stock owned by the selling stockholders who are entitled to use this prospectus. The information in the table is as of the date of this prospectus. Except as described below, no selling shareholder has had a material relationship with us within the past three years other than as a result of the ownership of our common stock. The selling shareholders acquired their shares of common stock in one or more of the following ways: (i) purchased as founders stock at $0.001 per share; (ii) purchased at $0.05 per share; and (iii) by converting the Preferred Stock purchased in the private placement completed by the Company in 2007 into common stock. Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock After Offering Name and Address of Selling Shareholder Person with Dispositive/Voting Power Common Stock Registered Hereby No. (1) % of Class Paul Attaway (2) (3) Paul Attaway 456,000 0 * Timothy Louis (4) (3) Timothy Louis 40,000 0 * Michael and Phyllis Angel (7) Michael Angel 20,000 0 * Paul Anthony Axelrod (7) Paul Anthony Axelrod 20,000 0 * James J. Cordello (7) James J. Cordello 20,000 0 * Loretta S. Cowie (7) Loretta S. Cowie 20,000 0 * Double Down Investments (7) Ben Benedict 20,000 0 * Harvey Friedman (7) Harvey Friedman 20,000 0 * Leonard and Deborah Gaby (7) Leonard Gaby 20,000 0 * Ira J. Gaines (6) Ira J. Gaines 200,000 0 * Jonathon Hoffer (7) Jonathon Hoffer 20,000 0 * Christian J. Hoffmann, III (5) (3) Christian J. Hoffmann, III 200,000 0 * Thomas R. Hudson Jr. (7) Thomas R. Hudson Jr. 20,000 0 * Jonathan Tratt Profit Sharing Plan (7) Jonathan Tratt 20,000 0 * Lawrence Kazan (7) Lawrence Kazan 20,000 0 * Lahr Family Trust (7) Lanny B. Lahr 20,000 0 * Alan J. Light (7) Alan J. Light 20,000 0 * Barry Light (7) Barry Light 20,000 0 * Arturo and Sharon Lopez (7) Arturo Lopez 20,000 0 * Winthrop L. McCormack (7) Winthrop L. McCormack 20,000 0 * Anthony J. Perullo (7) Anthony J. Perullo 20,000 0 * Joel Shapiro (7) Joel Shapiro 20,000 0 * Steve and Helen Gubin Family Trust (7) Steve and Helen Gubin 20,000 0 * Lawrence Sucharow (7) Lawrence Sucharow 40,000 0 * Tappen Investments LLC (7) Darren M. Tappen 20,000 0 * Robert Howard Taylor (7) Robert Howard Taylor 20,000 0 * Total 1,356,000 9 Table of Contents * indicates less than one percent. (1) Percentages and share ownership numbers are based on the assumption that all such shares will be sold by the selling stockholder. Excludes additional shares of common stock which the selling stockholder may acquire from time to time subsequent to the date of this prospectus. (2) Mr. Attaway is an officer and a director. (3) Shares purchased as founders stock at $0.001 per share. (4) Mr. Louis is an officer and a director. (5) Mr. Hoffmann is partner of Quarles & Brady LLP, which is our legal counsel. (6) Shares purchased at $0.05 per share. (7) Shares of Preferred Stock purchased in 2007 private placement, which are convertible into shares of common stock. 10 Table of Contents PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We are registering the shares of common stock covered by this prospectus for the selling stockholders. As used in this prospectus, “selling stockholders” includes the pledgees, donees, transferees or others who may later hold the selling stockholders’ interests. We will pay the costs and fees of registering the shares of common stock, but the selling stockholders will pay any brokerage commissions, discounts or other expenses relating to the sale of the shares. The selling stockholders may sell the shares in the over-the-counter market or otherwise at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to the prevailing market prices, or at negotiated prices. In addition, the selling stockholders may sell some or all of their shares through: • a block trade in which a broker-dealer may resell a portion of the block, as principal, in order to facilitate the transaction; • purchases by a broker-dealer, as principal, and resale by the broker-dealer for its account; or • ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which a broker solicits purchasers. When selling the shares, the selling stockholders may enter into hedging transactions. For example, the selling stockholders may: • enter into transactions involving short sales of the shares by broker-dealers; • sell shares short themselves and redeliver such shares to close out their short positions; • enter into option or other types of transactions that require the selling shareholder to deliver shares to a broker-dealer, who will then resell or transfer the shares under this prospectus; or • loan or pledge the shares to a broker-dealer, who may sell the loaned shares or, in the event of default, sell the pledged shares. The selling stockholders may negotiate and pay broker-dealers commissions, discounts or concessions for their services. Broker-dealers engaged by the selling stockholders may allow other broker-dealers to participate in resales. However, the selling stockholders and any broker-dealers involved in the sale or resale of the shares may qualify as “underwriters” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(11) of the Securities Act. In addition, the broker-dealers’ commissions, discounts or concession may qualify as underwriters’ compensation under the Securities Act. If the selling stockholders qualify as “underwriters,” they will be subject to the prospectus delivery requirements of Section 5(b)(2) of the Securities Act. We have informed the selling stockholders that the anti-manipulative provisions of Regulation M promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 may apply to their sales in the market. In addition to selling their shares under this prospectus, the selling stockholders may: • agree to indemnify any broker-dealer or agent against certain liabilities related to the selling of the shares, including liabilities arising under the Securities Act; • transfer their shares in other ways not involving market makers or established trading markets, including directly by gift, distribution, or other transfer; or • sell their shares under Rule 144 of the Securities Act rather than under this prospectus, if the transaction meets the requirements of Rule 144. 11 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES We have issued and outstanding 896,000 shares of our common stock and 460,000 shares of our Preferred Stock as of May 1, 2008. Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue up to 90,000,000 shares of common stock, no par value. Holders of the common stock are entitled to one vote for each share in the election of directors and in all other matters to be voted on by the stockholders. There is cumulative voting in the election of directors. Holders of common stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared from time to time by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefore and, in the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities. The holders of common stock have no pre-emptive or conversion rights. The holders of common stock are not subject to further calls or assessments. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. The rights of the holders of the common stock are subject to any rights that may be fixed for holders of preferred stock, when and if any preferred stock is issued. The common stock currently outstanding is, and the common stock offered by the Company hereby will, when issued, be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Preferred Stock The Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, no par value, of which 460,000 shares are Series A Preferred. Any future issues of preferred stock may, without action by the stockholders of the Company, be issued by the Board of Directors from time to time in one or more series for such consideration and with such relative rights, privileges and preferences as the Board may determine. Accordingly, the Board has the power to fix the dividend rate and to establish the provisions, if any, relating to voting rights, redemption rate, sinking fund, liquidation, preferences and conversion rights for any series of preferred stock issued in the future. It is not possible to state the actual effect of any future series of preferred stock upon the rights of holders of the common stock because the Board has the power to determine the specific rights of the holders of any future series of preferred stock. The Board’s authority to issue preferred stock provides a convenient vehicle in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, but could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire a majority of the outstanding voting stock. Accordingly, the issuance of the preferred stock may be used as an “anti-takeover” device without further action on the part of the stockholders of the Company, and may adversely affect the holders of the common stock. Series A Convertible Preferred Stock The Company issued 460,000 shares of Preferred Stock in a private placement the Company completed in 2007. The holders of the Preferred Stock have pre-emptive rights, for a period of fifteen days after written notice of proposed sale, to purchase any equity securities on the same terms and conditions that the Company proposes to offer to third parties. If the holder fails to exercise his pre-emptive right, he will lose such right on any future offerings. The pre-emptive rights will expire if the Company becomes publicly held or commences an initial public offering. The holders of the Preferred Stock will share proportionately with the holders of any other series of preferred stock which may be issued in the future in any distribution of assets of the Company upon liquidation and with respect to payment of dividends on any series of preferred stock outstanding. The Company has no present plans to issue any additional shares of preferred stock other than the Preferred Stock. Board of Directors The board of directors of the Company consists of two members. The term of office of each director expires at each annual meeting of stockholders or until his successor is elected. Transfer Agent The Company has effected transfers of its common stock and Preferred Stock. The Company will appoint First American Stock Transfer, Inc., 706 E. Bell Road, Suite 202, Phoenix, Arizona 85022, as its transfer agent effective upon the date of this Prospectus. 12 Table of Contents INTEREST OF NAMED EXPERTS AND COUNSEL The financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 included in this prospectus have been audited by Semple, Marchal & Cooper, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, which report expresses an unqualified opinion and includes an explanatory paragraph relating to the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern and are included in reliance upon such report and upon the authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing. The legality of the securities offered hereby have been passed upon for the Company by Quarles & Brady LLP, Two North Central Avenue, Phoenix, Arizona 85004. Christian J. Hoffmann, III, a partner of such firm, is one of the Company’s principal stockholders. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS Introduction In the first quarter of 2000, True Gravity Enterprises, Inc. (“TGE”), our former parent company and the licensor of our products to us, became aware of the demand for vibration isolation products in the hi-end audio and video market. TGE designs and manufactures vibration isolation devices for use in high-end applications. These products are sold through a wholly-owned subsidiary called Vistek Inc. In response to the demand, TGE developed a bearing called the Media Isolation Bearing Series 1.0 (the “MIB 1.0”). In August 2001, TGE incorporated us as its wholly-owned subsidiary to promote the sale of Aurios MIB products. We ceased being a wholly-owned subsidiary of TGE in June 2007 and TGE ceased being a shareholder of the Company in December 31, 2007. Since 2001 and the development of the MIB 1.0, we have refined the product design and manufacturing processes. As a result, we introduced the Series MIB 1.1, the Series MIB 1.2, the Isotone and the PRO Media Isolation Bearings. Our experience has led us to select three bearings, the Classic MIB, the Isotone MIB, and the PRO MIB, as our products. The Classic MIB and the PRO MIB bearings may be augmented with an additional level of isolation that is placed on top of these bearings. Our annual sales have declined from approximately $255,000, on an unaudited basis, to current levels. The initial downward trend in sales was due to a poor working relationship with our first distributor. Payment from this first distributor was slow and we wrote off approximately $75,000 (unaudited) worth of returned inventory in 2003. We then attempted to sell the product directly and were not successful. The next distributor we selected was too small to sell a large quantity of product. By mid-2004, we only had one distributor, located in Chicago, with whom we continue to work. We have done little to support the product line since 2004 due to lack of resources. Business Strategy We believe we can increase the sales of our products through a three-pronged strategy. First, we plan to negotiate an agreement with a national distributor (“ND”) which is capable of moving the product into the large retail outlets, such as Best Buy. Second, we plan to promote the product in the professional recording market. Third, we intend to introduce and promote new products to keep the Aurios name and products prominent in audiophile market, including the home theater market. National Distribution. We believe that dealing with a single national distributor will allow us to manufacture the product in larger quantities and at lower prices, which in turn should open a larger market to us. In addition, a national distributor selling to the audio market should help to support a network of specialty storefronts because it most likely will have numerous products to offer local dealers. Professional Recording Market. The Aurios products have been tested in recording studios in Phoenix, Arizona and received positive reviews. In 2004, when recording music in Phoenix, our product was used by George Benson and the Red Hot Chili Peppers. In addition to improving sound quality, the Aurios products have more surface area and are stronger than competitors’ products. As a result, our products can support the weight of the components commonly found in recording studios and on stage during live performances. New Product Development. We intend to introduce one to two new products into the audiophile market: a speaker shelf incorporating Aurios bearings and a speaker tune-mass-damper. The shelf product will be manufactured from a high- 13 Table of Contents density multi-fiber board and will incorporate three or four of our bearings. This shelf will sit on the floor and provide the same level of isolation as the bearings. The speaker tune-mass-damper will be placed on top of a speaker. A tune mass damper tunes a structure from its own natural frequency thus preventing unwanted resonance. Our tune mass damper will incorporate our patented technology. Market and Industry Overview The market for audio component vibration isolation products is audiophiles. While audiophiles may be relatively few in number when compared to the general public, they are typically high income, college educated, professionals who are willing to pay a premium for even the slightest improvement in sound and video quality. The market for audiophile accessories is limited by the number of audiophiles. These customers tend to want the best and most current product available. After a few years on the market, a new accessory or product ceases to be “new” and then the product cannot command the same premium. In this type of market, manufacturers must either transition the product into the broader mass market or continually introduce new products or variations on previous products to maintain their reputation as being innovative and on the cutting-edge of technology. The demand for high performance entertainment electronics is fueled by the consumer’s desire for a more realistic and involving sound experience when watching television, movies or when listening to music. The higher resolution, range and dynamic power of contemporary consumer’s audio and video systems reveal critical sound subtleties that were masked by older technologies. We believe that consumers are demanding products capable of providing a more fulfilling audio experience and are searching for products that can deliver movie theater quality and more authentic sound to their home theaters. This demand and interest in sound quality has lead to new product development in the industry aimed at assisting the consumer secure the desired heightened entertainment experience. We believe that we can tap the growing home theater market to increase sales of our products as consumers demand larger, better quality screens and theater-quality sound for their home theaters. Isolating entertainment media sources, such as CD players, turntables, DVD/Laserdisc video players, speakers, amplifiers and high-resolution televisions, from vibrations improves the quality of sound reproduction. While sound reproduction is enhanced through reducing the transmission of vibrations from the environment into the audio component, a significant benefit also results from removing the vibration energy created by these audio components that would otherwise reverberate and distort sound reproduction. Our Technology Most vibration isolation products on the market today deal with the problem of vibration by dampening the vibration energy. In dampening the vibration energy, such energy is converted to heat and this energy conversion dampens the vibrations and alters the reproduced sound. The effect is a softening of the sound and is analogous to the effect a filter on a camera would have on the picture quality of a photograph. Our technology conserves energy and does not convert the energy to heat. By conserving energy, the vibrations are removed and the sound quality is sharpened, not softened. To the audiophile, the sharpening effect produces a truer sound than sound reproduced with the sound dampening products on the market. The Products We offer three Media Isolation Bearings: the Aurios Pro Max Media Isolation Bearing, the Aurios Classic Media Isolation Bearing and the Aurios Isotone Media Isolation Bearing. We sell the last of the foregoing products to one distributor and it is a variation of the Classic Bearing. The manner in which the bearings alter body wave transmissions is a function of material selection, surface harness, and material volume, to name just a few of the parameters that will impact how the sound/image is reproduced. The Pro Max replaces the Aurios Pro bearing, and is engineered to offer the same performance and at an attractive wholesale price: $250 to $395 at the wholesale level for a package of three. The size of the Pro Max is approximately one inch high and two and one-half inches in diameter. The Pro Max: • re-configures the effective mass of the original Pro bearing and adds 2% more mass to the critical wave pathway; • reduces the critical surface contact areas by 25%, thus enhancing the level of decoupling; and 14 Table of Contents • reduces costs through its new symmetrical design. The Pro Max is the largest bearing that we offer and is ideal for large speakers. These bearings can be used in a home, in a recording studio and on stage. The weight capacity per bearing is 500 lbs (227 kgs). The Pro Max can be used under DVD/CD players, amps, preamps, turntables and power conditioners. The Aurios Classic Media Isolation Bearing lacks the girth of the Pro Max bearings. This slimmed down model is the most popular bearing in the Aurios product line. These bearings are also placed under amps, preamps, CD/DVD players, turntables, speakers and power conditioners. The price of the Classic is from $99 to $199 on a wholesale basis for a box of three. The size of the Classic is approximately one inch high and one and one-half inches in diameter. License Agreement TGE holds the patents respecting our products in the United States and Taiwan. An application is pending in Japan. TGE also holds a federally registered trademark respecting the “Aurios” name used in connection with the products. We have a non-exclusive license worldwide license from TGE to produce the Aurios Pro Max Media Isolation Bearing, Aurios Classic Media Isolation Bearing and the Aurios Isotone Media Isolation Bearing, and to sell these products under the Aurios name. We pay a royalty of 5% of our net sales to TGE for this license, with a minimum annual royalty of $2,500. This license with TGE automatically renews every two years as long as total royalty payments exceed $2,500 each year, unless we do not pay TGE the minimum annual royalty or unless the agreement is terminated due to a material breach that is not cured within 60 days of notice of such breach by the other party, among other items. Sales and Marketing As with most markets, the internet impacts the audiophile market tremendously. Before the internet, manufacturers typically distributed their products through brick-and-mortar storefronts that primarily sold high-end, specialty stereo systems. Stores were encouraged to carry small inventories of products so they could quickly service their customers. A manufacturer could conceivably sell to thousands of specialty stores. The internet has made it difficult to bring audio products to the market through storefronts because these stores do not carry inventory. The storefronts only carry a sample of the product and then place orders as needed. This distribution structure has evolved like this because audiophiles can purchase audio accessories either direct from the manufacturer or from internet companies. Consequently, it is not practical to support a network of storefronts if a company only has one product to sell. We sell our products domestically through a single internet based distributor of audio products and accessories. Internationally, we sell through a few high-end specialty stores in the United Kingdom, Indonesia and Singapore. These international distributors support their storefronts with web page sales as well. We plan a three-pronged approach to revitalize our sales in the audio and video market. First, we intend to go beyond the high-end audiophile market and address the larger general consumer market. To accomplish this goal, we will enter a national distribution agreement with a company positioned to place the Aurios products in large retail outlets, such as Best Buy. Second, we plan to promote our product in the professional recording and performing artist market. We intend to advertise our products using endorsements and testimonials and sell our products to retail outlets, such as The Guitar Center, in order to achieve our objective of expanding our sales in the professional recording market. Finally, we plan to introduce two new products: a speaker shelf incorporating Aurios bearings and a speaker tune-mass-damper. TGE conducted our operations until completion of our private placement of Preferred Stock in 2007. While TGE has perfected the manufacturing process for our products, it is understaffed and simply lacks the man-hours to properly promote sales of our product. The funds raised in 2007 private placement should give us the financial and human resources we need to execute our business plan, grow our revenues, tap the potential markets for our product and give us access to the capital markets. We plan to contract with TGE and possibly third parties to develop new products and we intend to contract with companies and individuals experienced in the audio and video market to focus on our marketing efforts. Competition There are numerous other companies, including Kinetics Systems, Inc., Bright Star, Audioquest, Final Labs and Symposium, that are engaged in the business of manufacturing or selling vibration isolation products. Many of these 15 Table of Contents companies have substantially greater resources than we do and enjoy established production facilities and processes, market presence, distribution networks and market share. It is likely that any or all of these other companies are in the process of, and have allocated substantially more resources in, developing their own products that are or would be competitive with our products. The isolation products available include rubber feet, conical metal feet, constrained layer shelving, air isolation platforms, corkboards, and various roller bearing products. The companies selling these products range from national manufacturers of air isolation bearings and tables to small proprietorships. The following summarizes certain of the principal competitive products available: Townshend Audio Seismic Sinks: Pneumatic (passive) platform, which is a constrained layer of a composite of steel and Isodamp rubber. It uses air bladders to cut the transmission of vertical vibrations. Vibraplane Platform: Manufactured by Kinetics Systems, Inc. and sold by Sounds of Silence, which is in Nashua, New Hampshire. Bright Star: Wood platforms resting on a sand-filled base. The product dampens the energy, but does not convert it. Audioquest: A variety of cone and ball shaped feet manufactured by Sorbethane. Final Labs: Japanese company that manufactures the Daruma roller bearing. It sells in the United States market through an importer in Miami. Symposium Roller Blocks: This is a very small United States company with a roller-type bearing product. Applications are limited by weight carrying capacity of bearing and construction. 16 Table of Contents Patents TGE filed for patent protection in Japan (Patent Application Number 2002-507194), and TGE owns the following patents on an invention titled “Mechanical Signal Filter” which protect the Aurios Pro Max and Aurios Classic Media Isolation Bearings. TGE filed for patent protection in Japan (Patent Application Number 2002-507194), and TGE owns the following patents on an invention titled “Mechanical Signal Filter” which protect the Aurios Pro Max and Aurios Classic Media Isolation Bearings. Country Patent Number Date Filed Date Issued Expiration Date USA 6,520,283 6/29/2001 2/18/2003 6/29/2021 Taiwan I235798 6/29/2001 4/14/2005 6/29/2021 Under our license agreement with TGE, TGE has the right to enforce and defend the patents from infringement and to bear the associated costs. There can be no assurance that any of TGE’s pending or future patent applications will be issued with the scope of the claim sought, if at all. There also can be no assurance that any patents TGE may obtain will not invalidated, circumvented or challenged. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that others will not develop technologies that are similar or superior to TGE’s technology or design around any patents it owns. Unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of the Aurios products or to obtain or use information that we or TGE regard as proprietary. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect patent rights as fully as do the laws of the United States. There can be no assurance that TGE’s means of protecting the foregoing proprietary rights in the United States or abroad will be adequate or that others will not independently develop similar or superior technology. Employees We have no employees. We plan to outsource our principal functions until we achieve a scale that requires us to reconsider this business model. TGE provides administrative support and personnel to us at $1,500 per month under an administration services/rental agreement that expires on December 31, 2008. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY TGE provides office space to us as needed and the monthly administrative fee we pay to it includes a charge for our rent. We sublease approximately 500 square feet space from TGE in a 12,120 square foot facility located in Phoenix, Arizona and can expand such space up to an additional 1,000 square feet. Subsequent to December 31, 2007, we relocated our office space. Our executive office consists of approximately 500 square feet and is located at 1741 W. University Drive, Suite 146, Tempe, AZ 85281. This office space is provided to us by TGE as needed and the $1,500 monthly administrative fee we pay to it includes a charge for our rent. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We are not involved in any pending litigation, legal proceedings or claims. 17 Table of Contents MARKET PRICE OF AND DIVIDENDS ON THE REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS There is currently no public market for our common stock. We intend to qualify our common stock for trading on the OTC Bulletin Board or other public market after the registration statement, of which this prospectus is a part, becomes effective. The selling security holders will sell their shares of our common stock at $0.40 per share until our common stock is listed on the OTC Bulletin Board or listed for trading or quotation on any other public market and thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. None of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock is subject to options or warrants. Our Preferred Stock is convertible into our common stock. As of May 1, 2008, there were 896,000 shares of our common stock outstanding and 460,000 shares of Preferred stock that is convertible into 460,000 shares of common stock. We are registering our outstanding common stock and 460,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock in this registration statement. Holders of Common Stock and Preferred Stock We had approximately 26 shareholders of record of our common stock and Preferred Stock as of May 1, 2008. Dividend Policy We have not declared or paid cash dividends on our shares of common stock. The holders of the shares of common stock purchased pursuant to this prospectus will be entitled to non-cumulative dividends on the shares of common stock, when and as declared by our board of directors, in its discretion. We intend to retain all future earnings, if any, for our business and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans The following table sets forth certain information regarding the Company’s equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2007. Plan category No. of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights No. of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 250,000 $ -0- 250,000 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders -0- -0- -0- Total 250,000 $ -0- 250,000 18 Table of Contents MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our Financial Statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this registration statement. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements concerning our plans, anticipated expenditures, the need for additional capital and other events and circumstances described in terms of our expectations and intentions. You are urged to review the information set forth under the captions for factors that may cause actual events or results to differ materially from those discussed below. Overview We were formed in August 2001 by our former parent, TGE. Our corporate offices are located at 1741 W. University Drive, Suite 146, Tempe, Arizona 85281 and our telephone number is (602) 426-1211. We produce, market and distribute vibration isolation products to the high-end audio and video markets in the United States and in certain foreign countries. Our products are the Classic MIB, the PRO MIB and the Isotone. Our vibration isolation products produce superior sound quality by sharpening, not softening, the sound. Our products are protected by patents both in the United States and Taiwan, and a patent is pending in Japan. TGE owns the patents relating to our products and it has granted us a non-exclusive world-wide license to sell the products under the patents and to use the Aurios trademark in connection with the products. The license automatically renews for every two years as long as we are in compliance with its terms. We pay TGE a royalty of 5% of our net sales for the license. Our minimum royalty payment under the license is $2,500 per year. We outsource the manufacture of our products to several qualified machine shops in the Phoenix metropolitan area. For the Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 Liquidity and Capital Resources Our auditors have rendered a going concern opinion. We provided for our cash requirements in 2006 through a combination of operating income and loans from our former parent company, TGE. In 2007, we raised capital through the sale of equity in a private placement of Preferred Stock, yielding $115,000 in gross proceeds. To meet our need for cash in the future we will use our cash reserves and intend to generate operating income. If these sources are insufficient to meet our cash needs, then we will be required to raise capital through private placements or public offerings of our debt and equity securities or through loans from third parties. If we are unable to raise additional capital as necessary, we will either have to suspend or contract operations or cease operations entirely. As of December 31, 2007, we had working capital of $131,898 and $44,121 of long-term debt. Results From Operations Revenues - Since our inception, our activities have focused on product and market development with a nominal level of operations. Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006 were $23,686 and $52,067, respectively. Sales declined as a result of lack of capital and reduced promotional efforts. Cost of Sales - The cost of sales on units sold for the year ended December 31, 2007 totaled $11,132 (47% of revenues) on the products, as compared to $23,195 (45% of revenues) for the year ended December 31, 2006. Cost of sales on a percentage of revenues increased due to a lower volume of product sales and lower economies of scale. Gross Margin - Gross margin for the year ended December 31, 2007 was $12,554 (53% of revenues) as compared to $28,872 (55% of revenues) for the year ended December 31, 2006. Operating Expenses All selling and operating expenses, as well as research and development expenses, are incurred through a contractual relationship with TGE. TGE performs these services under an administrative services agreement with us. These expenses were $18,000 in both 2007 and 2006. In 2007, we had additional expenses consisting of legal expenses of $5,049, accounting expenses of $1,870 and other expenses of $149 related to preparing us to make a private placement and become publicly held. In 2006, we had no additional expenses. 19 Table of Contents Net Income (Loss) from Operations The net (loss) income from operations was ($12,514) and $8,968 for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively, a decrease of $21,482. Interest Expense Interest expense was $3,640 and $0 for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively, an increase of $3,640. This increase was due to interest on new loans required for working capital in 2007. Income (Loss) Before Provision for Income Taxes As a result of the above, the Company recorded gains (losses) before provision for income taxes of ($16,154) and $8,968 for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively, a decrease of $25,122. Income Tax Provision The Company had a tax provision of approximately $3,500 for the year ended December 31, 2006. For the year ended December 31, 2007, the Company had a potential tax benefit of approximately $4,500 which it has fully reserved against. Net Income (Loss) As a result of the above, for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, we recorded net income (loss) of ($16,154) and $5,470, respectively, a decrease of $21,624. Basic and Diluted Earnings (Loss) per Share The basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share were ($0.03) and $5.47 for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively, for the reasons previously noted. Capital Commitments We had no material commitments for capital expenditures. Controls and Procedures In connection with the preparation of this report, we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the President and Chief Financial Officer, as of December 31, 2007 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our internal controls and procedures. Based upon this evaluation, these officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2007, our controls and procedures were effective. This annual report does not include a report of management’s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of the company’s registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the Securities Exchange Commission for newly public companies. Code of Ethics A copy of our Code of Ethics may be obtained by sending a written request to us at 1741 W. University Drive, Suite 146, Tempe, AZ 85281, Attn: Paul Attaway. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements There were no off-balance sheet arrangements at December 31, 2007. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Preparation of the statements in accordance with these principles requires that we make estimates, using available data and our judgment, for such things as valuing assets, accruing liabilities and estimating expenses. The following is a discussion of what we feel is the most critical estimate that we must make when preparing our financial statements. Recoverability of Inventory. We assume that our inventory can be sold for at least its carrying cost. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure There are no such disagreements or changes. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In December 2007, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“ FASB”) issued SFAS No. 160, “Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements” , an amendment of ARB No. 51 (“SFAS 160”). SFAS 160 changes the accounting and reporting for minority interests, which will be recharacterized as noncontrolling interests and classified as a component of equity. This new consolidation method significantly changes the accounting for transactions with minority interest holders. SFAS 160 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2008 with early application prohibited. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting SFAS 160 on its consolidated financial statements, however, we do not believe the adoption of SFAS 160 will have a material impact on our financial statements. In December 2007, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“ FASB”) issued SFAS No. 141 (revised 2007), Business Combinations (“SFAS 141R”). SFAS 141R establishes principles and requirements for how an acquirer in a business combination recognizes and measures in its financial statements the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities 20 Table of Contents assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree at the acquisition date fair value. SFAS 141R significantly changes the accounting for business combinations in a number of areas including the treatment of contingent consideration, preacquisition contingencies, transaction costs, in-process research and development and restructuring costs. In addition, under SFAS 141R, changes in an acquired entity’s deferred tax assets and uncertain tax positions after the measurement period will impact income tax expense. SFAS 141R provides guidance regarding what information to disclose to enable users of the financial statements to evaluate the nature and financial effects of the business combination. SFAS 141R is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2008 with early application prohibited. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting SFAS 141R on its consolidated financial statements, however, we do not believe the adoption of SFAS 141R will have a material impact on our financial statements. 21 Table of Contents DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS The following table sets forth the names, positions and ages of our directors and executive officers. Our directors were elected by the unanimous written consent of our stockholders in lieu of a meeting. Our directors are typically elected at each annual meeting and serve for one year or until their successors are elected and qualify. Officers are elected by our board of directors and their terms of office are at the discretion of our board. Name Age Position With Company Paul Attaway 44 President, Chief Financial Officer and Director Timothy Louis 44 Secretary, Treasurer and Director Paul Attaway has served as an officer and director of the Company since its incorporation in August 2001. In 1997, Mr. Attaway founded True Gravity Enterprises, Inc., a privately held corporation that designs and manufactures vibration control solutions for the semiconductor and life science industries, and he has been its principal shareholder and executive officer since then. He practiced law for two years from 1988 to 1990 in Phoenix, Arizona with Streich Lang Weeks & Cardon. From 1990 to 1995, he worked for a family business, MM Systems Corporation, which manufactures and sells building materials worldwide. From 1995 to 1997, Mr. Attaway left the family business and started Tekton Inc., a privately held corporation that designs and manufactures seismic isolation systems for network server racks. Mr. Attaway sold Tekton, Inc. in 2004. Mr. Attaway holds a B.S.B.A. with a major in finance from Georgetown University and a J.D. from the University of Georgia School of Law. Mr. Attaway divides his time between TGE and the Company as the two businesses require in a manner sufficient to discharge his fiduciary duties to both entities. Timothy Louis has served as an officer and director of the Company since July 2004. Since 1995, Mr. Louis has been the principal of Desert Capital Investments, L.L.C., a venture capital investment firm. Its venture investments include Frye-Louis Capital Management, Mobility Electronics, The Schirf Brewing Company, TGE, The rSmart Group, BH USA and PIVOT Cycles, Inc. He has served as a board member of companies such as Johnson Polymer, Inc (an affiliate company of S.C. Johnson Wax) and non-profit companies such as A.T. Still University, Desert Voices Oral Learning Center and The Phoenix Art Museum. Since 2001 he has served as the Vice President - Finance at The rSmart Group, a provider of enterprise open source applications in the global education software and services market. From 1990 to 2002 he was an owner/director of Frye-Louis Capital Management, Inc., a high net worth family asset management firm based in Chicago. The firm was sold to Credit Suisse Private Bank in 2002. Mr. Louis has a B.S. in Communication Disorders and a M.A. in Audiology and Hearing Impairment from Northwestern University, and a M.B.A. in Financial Management and Markets from Arizona State University. Until further determination by the board, the full Board of Directors will undertake the duties of the Audit Committee and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. On or before the effectiveness of this Registration Statement we will appoint two independent directors as defined by the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission to the Audit Committee. 22 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The table below sets forth all cash compensation paid or proposed to be paid by us to the chief executive officer and the most highly compensated executive officers, and key employees for services rendered in all capacities to us during fiscal years 2007 and 2006. Summary Compensation Table Name (a) Year (b) Salary ($) (c) Bonus ($) (d) Stock Awards ($) (e) Option Awards ($) (f) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) (g) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) (h) All Other Compensation ($) (i) Total ($) (j) Paul Attaway, 2007 No compensation paid or options issued President and Chief Financial Officer 2006 Timothy Louis, 2007 No compensation paid or options issued Secretary and Treasurer 2006 Mr. Attaway and Mr. Louis received no compensation in 2007 and 2006. Mr. Attaway will receive a salary at the annual rate of $20,000 after our revenues exceed an annual rate of $75,000. Compensation Policy . Our executive compensation plan is based on attracting and retaining qualified professionals who possess the skills and leadership necessary to enable us to achieve earnings and profitability growth to satisfy our stockholders. We must, therefore, create incentives for these executives to achieve both company and individual performance objectives through the use of performance-based compensation programs. No one component is considered by itself, but all forms of the compensation package are considered in total. Wherever possible, objective measurements will be utilized to quantify performance, but many subjective factors still come into play when determining performance. Compensation Components. We expect that the main elements of our compensation package will consist of base salary, stock options and bonus. Base Salary. The base salary for each executive officer will be reviewed and compared to the prior year, with considerations given for increase. During 2007 and 2006 the executive officers received no compensation. As we grow and if financial conditions continue to improve, we plan to establish base salaries for all executive officers and to review them periodically for possible adjustments. At the appropriate point, we will base salary adjustments on both the individuals and our performance and will include both objective and subjective criteria specific to each executive’s role and responsibility with us. Stock Options . No stock options were issued to our officers during fiscal years 2006 and 2007. Bonuses. To date, we have not granted bonuses. When considered, our bonuses will be related to meeting certain performance criteria that are directly related to areas within the executive’s responsibilities with us, such as production of product and sales of product to customers. If we grow, we will create a more defined bonus program to attract and retain our employees at all levels. 23 Table of Contents Other. At this time, we have no profit sharing plan in place for employees. However, this is another area of consideration to add such a plan to provide yet another level of compensation to our compensation plan. Stock Options . The board of directors adopted the 2007 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the “Plan”) on July 1, 2007 and the shareholders approved the Plan on July 8, 2007. The Plan authorizes us to issue up to 250,000 shares of our common stock upon exercise of options and grant of restricted stock awards. We have not issued any options under the Plan. Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Option Awards Stock Awards Name (a) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable (b) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable (c) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) (d) Option Exercise Price ($) (e) Option Expiration Date (f) Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) (g) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ($) (h) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) (i) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ($) (j) Paul Attaway No outstanding equity awards. Timothy Louis No outstanding equity awards. The table above indicates that no options were granted under the Plan to directors and officers in fiscal 2007. Stock Option Plan The board of directors adopted the Plan on July 1, 2007 and the shareholders approved the Plan on July 8, 2007. The Plan authorizes us to issue up to 250,000 shares of our common stock upon exercise of options and grant of restricted stock awards. We have not issued any options under the Plan. The Plan authorizes us to grant (i) to the key employees incentive stock options to purchase shares of common stock and non-qualified stock options to purchase shares of common stock and restricted stock awards, and (ii) to non-employee directors and consultants non-qualified stock options and restricted stock. Our Board of Directors will administer the Plans by making recommendations to the board or determinations regarding the persons to whom options or restricted stock should be granted and the amount, terms, conditions and restrictions of the awards. The Plan allows for the grant of incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options and restricted stock awards. Incentive stock options granted under the Plan must have an exercise price at least equal to 100% of the fair market value of the common stock as of the date of grant. Incentive stock options granted to any person who owns, immediately after the grant, stock possessing more than 10% of the combined voting power of all classes of our stock, or of any parent or subsidiary corporation, must have an exercise price at least equal to 110% of the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant. Non-statutory stock options may have exercise prices as determined by our Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee is also authorized to grant restricted stock awards under the Plan. A restricted stock award is a grant of shares of the common stock that is subject to restrictions on transferability, risk of forfeiture and other restrictions and that may be forfeited in the event of certain terminations of employment or service prior to the end of a restricted period specified by the Compensation Committee. Compensation of Directors Directors who are neither our employees nor of our affiliates receive no cash compensation for serving on our Board of Directors. We have no independent directors but plan to appoint one or more after this registration statement is declared effective. We reimburse directors for any travel or other out-of-pocket expenses related to their service on the Board of Directors. When we add outside Board members we expect that they will receive compensation of options or shares of common stock of the Company for each year for their service on the Board of Directors and for serving without directors and officers’ liability insurance in place. 24 Table of Contents Director Compensation Name (a) Fees Earned Or Paid in Cash ($) (b) Stock Awards ($) (c) Option Awards ($) (d) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) (e) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) (f) All Other Compensation ($) (g) Total ($) (h) Paul Attaway, President, No compensation paid or awards made Chief Financial Officer and Director Timothy Louis, Secretary, No compensation paid or awards made Treasurer and Director Employment Contracts; Termination of Employment and Change-in-Control Arrangements We have no employment agreements with either Paul Attaway or Timothy Louis. 25 Table of Contents SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth, as of May 1, 2008, the number and percentage of outstanding shares of common stock beneficially owned by (a) each person known by us to beneficially own more than five percent of such stock, (b) each director of the Company, (c) each named officer of the Company, and (d) all our directors and executive officers as a group. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (2) Percent of Class (4) Percent of Class Assuming Conversion of Preferred Stock (5) Paul Attaway (3) 456,000 50.89 33.62 Timothy Louis 40,000 4.47 2.95 Ira J. Gaines 200,000 22.32 14.75 Christian J. Hoffmann, III (6) 200,000 22.32 14.75 All officers and directors as a group (two persons) 496,000 55.36 36.57 (1) The address of these persons is c/o 1741 W. University Drive, Suite 146, Tempe, Arizona 85281. (2) The foregoing beneficial owners hold investment and voting power in their shares. (3) Paul Attaway owns 66% of the capital stock of TGE, which is a former shareholder of the Company and the Company’s former parent company. (4) Assuming 896,000 shares of common stock outstanding. (5) Assumes the conversion of the outstanding 460,000 shares of Preferred Stock into 460,000 shares of common stock. (6) Mr. Hoffmann is a partner of Quarles & Brady LLP, the legal counsel of the Company. 26 Table of Contents TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PERSONS, PROMOTERS AND CERTAIN CONTROL PERSONS Paul Attaway is an officer, director and principal shareholder of the Company and the principal shareholder, director and an officer of our founder and former parent company, TGE. On June 11, 2007, Mr. Attaway purchased 455,000 shares of common stock of the company for $455, which is $0.001 per share. On December 31, 2007, Mr. Attaway purchased all 1,000 shares of common stock of the Company held by TGE for $250, which is $0.25 per share. On June 11, 2007, Timothy Louis, an officer and director the Company, purchased 40,000 shares of common stock of the Company for $40, which is $0.001 per share. Also on June 11, 2007, Christian J. Hoffmann, III, a partner of Quarles & Brady LLP, legal counsel of the Company, purchased 200,000 shares of common stock for $.001 per share for a total of $200. On July 11, 2007, Ira J. Gaines, a principal shareholder of the Company, purchased 200,000 shares of common stock for $.05 per share for a total of $10,000. The Company and TGE, its affiliate and former parent, entered into a license agreement on July 2, 2007, which is renewable on an automatic basis for additional consecutive three-year terms on certain conditions. Aurios pays a royalty of five percent (5%) of its gross sales to TGE under the terms of the license. Also under this license agreement, TGE licensed Aurios the right to produce, distribute and sell the Classic MIB and PRO MIB products and to use the Aurios trademark in connection with such products. Because Paul Attaway controls both TGE and Aurios as the principal shareholder of each company, the license agreement was not the result of arm’s length negotiations between the two companies. While Mr. Attaway believes the terms to be fair to each company, there can be no assurance in this regard. In the event of a dispute between Aurios and TGE in connection with the license agreement, Mr. Attaway will recuse himself from the dispute and let the other director(s) of both companies deal with the dispute. See “Description of Business - License.” The Company and TGE, its affiliate and former parent, entered into an administrative services/rental agreement with TGE on January 1, 2007. Under such agreement, TGE performs certain administrative duties Aurios and provides it office space as required at $1,500 per month. Aurios has one employee and contracts with TGE for all services. Paul Attaway controls TGE as its principal shareholder, and an officer and director. The Company has a note payable to TGE in the amount of $44,121 as of December 31, 2007, bearing interest at a rate of 8.25%. All outstanding principal and interest due and payable shall be paid on December 15, 2010. As of December 31, 2007 there was accrued interest of $3,640. The Company had a balance due from TGE in the amount of $1,057 at December 31, 2007. 27 Table of Contents DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION OF INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES The Arizona Business Corporation Act, under which the Company is organized, permits the inclusion in the articles of incorporation of a provision limiting or eliminating the potential monetary liability of directors to a corporation or its shareholders by reason of their conduct as directors. The provision would not permit any limitation on or the elimination of liability of a director for disloyalty to his corporation or its shareholders, failing to act in good faith, engaging in intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law, obtaining an improper personal benefit or paying a dividend or approving a stock repurchase that was illegal under the Arizona Business Corporation Act. Accordingly, the provisions limiting or eliminating the potential monetary liability of directors permitted by Arizona law apply only to the “duty of care” of directors, i.e., to unintentional errors in their deliberations or judgments and not to any form of “bad faith” conduct. The Articles of Incorporation of the Company contain a provision which eliminates the personal monetary liability of directors to the extent allowed under Arizona law. Accordingly, a shareholder is able to prosecute an action against a director for monetary damages only if he can show a breach of the duty of loyalty, a failure to act in good faith, intentional misconduct, a knowing violation of law, an improper personal benefit or an illegal dividend or stock repurchase, as referred to in the amendment, and not “negligence” or “gross negligence” in satisfying his duty of care. Arizona law applies only to claims against a director arising out of his role as a director and not, if he is also an officer, his role as an officer or in any other capacity or to his responsibilities under any other law, such as the federal securities laws. In addition, the Company’s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws provide that it will indemnify its directors, officers, employees and other agents to the fullest extent permitted by Arizona law. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the Company pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, it has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the Company of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the Company in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the Company will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. No pending litigation or proceeding involving a director, officer, employee or other agent of the Company as to which indemnification is being sought exists, and the Company is not aware of any pending or threatened material litigation that may result in claims for indemnification by any director, officer, employee or other agent. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling the Company pursuant to the foregoing provisions, the Company has been informed that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 28 Table of Contents WHERE TO GET MORE INFORMATION It is our intent to become a reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, upon the effectiveness of this Prospectus. You may obtain annual, quarterly, and special reports and other information that the Company files with the SEC. You may read and copy any document that it files with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room, 450 Fifth Street, N.W., Washington, DC 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. When we become a reporting company, our filings may also be accessed through the SEC’s website ( http://www.sec.gov ). We will provide a copy of any or all documents incorporated by reference herein (exclusive of exhibits unless such exhibits are specifically incorporated by reference therein), without charge, to each person to whom this Prospectus is delivered, upon written or oral request to Aurios Inc., 1741 W. University Drive, Suite 146, Tempe, Arizona 85281; Telephone (602) 426-1211. We will furnish record-holders of our securities with annual reports containing financial statements, audited and reported upon by our independent auditors, quarterly reports containing unaudited interim financial information and such other periodic reports as we determine to be appropriate or as may be required by law. 29 Table of Contents INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Financial Statements: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Stockholders’ Equity F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to the Financial Statements F-7 F-1 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Board of Directors Aurios, Inc. We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Aurios, Inc. as of December 31, 2007 and 2006 and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders’ equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits include consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Aurios, Inc. at December 31, 2007 and 2006 and the results of its operations, changes in stockholders’ equity (deficit) and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 6 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 6. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. /s/ Semple, Marchal & Cooper, LLP Phoenix, Arizona April 9, 2008 INDEPENDENT MEMBER OF THE BDO SEIDMAN ALLIANCE F-2 Table of Contents AURIOS INC. BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2007 December 31, 2006 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash $ 115,806 $ — Accounts receivable, net — — Inventory 15,035 18,717 Due from related party 1,057 — Total Assets $ 131,898 $ 18,717 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY (DEFICIT) Current Liabilities: Due to related party $ — 44,121 Total Current Liabilities — 44,121 Long-Term Liabilities Accrued interest 3,640 — Note payable - related party 44,121 — Total Liabilities 47,761 44,121 Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit): Preferred stock - no par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized, 460,000 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2007 and no shares authorized at December 31, 2006 115,000 — Common stock - no par value; 90,000,000 shares authorized, 896,000 and 1,000 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively 10,795 100 Accumulated deficit (41,658 ) (25,504 ) Total Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit) 84,137 (25,404 ) Total Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit) $ 131,898 $ 18,717 The Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part of the Financial Statements. F-3 Table of Contents AURIOS INC. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Years Ended December 31, 2007 2006 Sales $ 23,686 $ 52,067 Cost of Sales 11,132 23,195 Gross Profit 12,554 28,872 Bad Debt — 1,904 General and Administrative Expenses 25,068 18,000 Total Costs and Expenses 25,068 19,904 Income / (Loss) from Operations (12,514 ) 8,968 Other (Income) / Expense Interest Expense 3,640 — Income Tax Expense — 3,498 3,640 3,498 Net Income (Loss) $ (16,154 ) $ 5,470 Earnings per share - basic and diluted $ (0.03 ) $ 5.47 Weighted average shares outstanding 482,329 1,000 The Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part of the Financial Statements. F-4 Table of Contents AURIOS INC. STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT) Years Ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 Total Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit) Common Stock Preferred Stock Accumulated Deficit Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2005 1,000 $ 100 — $ — $ (30,974 ) $ (30,874 ) Net income for the year ended December 31, 2006 — — — — 5,470 5,470 Balance at December 31, 2006 1,000 100 — — (25,504 ) (25,404 ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock 895,000 10,695 10,695 Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock — — 460,000 115,000 — 115,000 Net income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2007 — — — — (16,154 ) (16,154 ) Balance at December 31, 2007 896,000 $ 10,795 460,000 $ 115,000 $ (41,658 ) $ 84,137 The Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part of the Financial Statements. F-5 Table of Contents AURIOS INC. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS December 31, 2007 2006 Cash flows from operating activities: Net Income (Loss) $ (16,154 ) $ 5,470 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used by operating activities: Bad debt provision — 1,904 Changes in Assets and Liabilities: Accounts receivable — (1,904 ) Inventory 3,682 (18,717 ) Accrued interest 3,640 — Due to related party (1,057 ) 13,247 Net cash used by operating activities (9,889 ) — Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from issuance of common stock 10,695 — Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock 115,000 — Net cash provided by financing activities 125,695 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 115,806 — Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period — — Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $ 115,806 $ — Supplemental Information: Interest paid $ — $ — Income taxes paid $ — $ — The Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part of the Financial Statements. F-6 Table of Contents AURIOS INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Nature of Operations and Use of Estimates Nature of Corporation Aurios Inc. (the “Company”) is a Corporation which was duly formed and organized under the laws of the State of Arizona on August 7, 2001. The principal business activity is the marketing of vibration and motion control technology into the audio / video markets. The Company’s sales occur throughout the United States. Aurios is a former wholly-owned subsidiary of True Gravity Enterprises. On December 31, 2007, the principal shareholder and a director and officer of the Company purchased all of the stock owned by True Gravity Enterprises. True Gravity Enterprises pays all of the expenses of the Company on its behalf, including payroll and vendors. It also charges the Company a service fee of $1,500 per month. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that effect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Revenue Recognition The Company derives its revenues primarily from the sale of vibration and motion control technology through sales on the Company’s website and its distributors. Revenues are recognized at the time the sale is completed and shipped. Cash and Cash Equivalents For financial accounting purposes, cash and cash equivalents are considered to be all highly liquid investments purchased with an initial maturity of three (3) months or less. Accounts Receivable The Company provides for potentially uncollectible accounts receivable by use of the allowance method. The allowance is provided based upon a review of the individual accounts outstanding, and the Company’s prior history of uncollectible accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2007 and 2006, a provision for uncollectible trade accounts receivable has been established in the amounts of $0 and $4,104, respectively. The Company does not accrue interest charges on delinquent accounts receivable. The accounts are generally unsecured. Inventory Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or market value. The Company regularly assesses inventory quantities on hand and record provisions for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on its estimated forecast of product demand. Inventory consists primarily of components used in assembling vibration control bearings. Deferred Income Taxes Deferred income taxes are provided on an asset and liability method, whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for deductible temporary differences and operating loss carryforwards. Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that the carryforwards will not be utilized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. F-7 Table of Contents AURIOS INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Nature of Operations and Use of Estimates (Continued) NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS In February 2007, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued (SFAS) No.159, “ The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities ” - including an amendment of FASB Statement No. 155. SFAS 159 provides companies with an option to report selected financial assets and liabilities at fair value. SFAS 159 is effective as of the beginning of an entity’s first fiscal year that begins after November 15, 2007. The Company does not believe that the adoption of SFAS No. 159 will have a material effect on our results of operations or financial position. In May 2007, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued FASB Staff Position No. FIN 48-1, Definition of Settlement in FASB Interpretation No. 48 (“the FSP”). The FSP provides guidance about how an enterprise should determine whether a tax position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits. Under the FSP, a tax position could be effectively settled on completion of examination by a taxing authority if the entity does not intend to appeal or litigate the result and it is remote that the taxing authority would examine or re-examine the tax position. The Company applied the provisions of the FSP upon adoption of FIN 48, with no impact to the Company. In December 2007, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued SFAS No. 160, “Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements” , an amendment of ARB No. 51 (“SFAS 160”). SFAS 160 changes the accounting and reporting for minority interests, which will be recharacterized as noncontrolling interests and classified as a component of equity. This new consolidation method significantly changes the accounting for transactions with minority interest holders. SFAS 160 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2008 with early application prohibited. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting SFAS 160 on its consolidated financial statements, however, we do not believe the adoption of SFAS 160 will have a material impact on our financial statements. In December 2007, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued SFAS No. 141 (revised 2007), Business Combinations (“SFAS 141R”). SFAS 141R establishes principles and requirements for how an acquirer in a business combination recognizes and measures in its financial statements the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree at the acquisition date fair value. SFAS 141R significantly changes the accounting for business combinations in a number of areas including the treatment of contingent consideration, preacquisition contingencies, transaction costs, in-process research and development and restructuring costs. In addition, under SFAS 141R, changes in an acquired entity’s deferred tax assets and uncertain tax positions after the measurement period will impact income tax expense. SFAS 141R provides guidance regarding what information to disclose to enable users of the financial statements to evaluate the nature and financial effects of the business combination. SFAS 141R is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2008 with early application prohibited. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting SFAS 141R on its consolidated financial statements, however, we do not believe the adoption of SFAS 141R will have a material impact on our financial statements. F-8 Table of Contents AURIOS INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Nature of Operations and Use of Estimates (Continued) Earnings Per Share Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 128, “Earnings per Share,” (“SFAS 128”) provides for the calculation of Basic and Diluted earnings per share. Basic earnings per share includes no dilution and is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential dilution of securities that could share in the earnings of an entity. The Company does not have any dilutive securities as of December 31, 2006 or December 31, 2007. Note 2 Related Party Transactions The Company has a balance due from a related party in the amount of $1,057 and $0 at December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. The Company has a note payable to related party in the amount of $44,121 as of December 31, 2007, bearing interest at a rate of 8.25%. All outstanding principal and interest due and payable shall be paid on December 15, 2010. As of December 31, 2007 there was accrued interest of $3,640. On December 31, 2007 an officer, director and principal shareholder of the Company purchased all of the Company’s stock owned by True Gravity Enterprises. The Company has a balance due to related party in the amount of $44,121 as of December 31, 2006. The balances represent amounts borrowed by the Company to fund recurring operations. As of December 31, 2006, there was no accrued interest. In addition, True Gravity Enterprises manufactures the Company’s product and pays all related costs incurred therein. These costs include materials and labor, as well as any overhead expenses. The Company pays a fee of $1,500 per month to True Gravity Enterprises to compensate it for administrative expenses. In July 2007 the Company entered in to a License Agreement with a related party giving the related party ownership and rights in various patents, pending applications for patents, trademarks, in various countries of the world as to which the Company desires to acquire licenses. The Company shall pay the related party five percent (5.0%) of worldwide net sales of the licensed products. Note 3 Accounts Receivable As of December 31, 2007 and 2006, accounts receivable consists of: December 31, 2007 December 31, 2006 Accounts Receivable $ — $ 4,104 Less: Allowance for Doubtful Accounts — (4,104 ) $ — $ — F-9 Table of Contents AURIOS INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Note 4 Concentration of Credit Risk The Company maintains cash accounts at a financial institution. Deposits not to exceed $100,000 are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. At December 31, 2007 and 2006, the Company had uninsured cash and cash equivalents of $18,763 and $0, respectively. Note 5 Stockholders Equity Preferred Stock: On September 27, 2007 the Company amended its Articles of Incorporation to authorize the Company to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of no par value preferred stock, with such rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions as determined by its board of directors. Series A Convertible Preferred Stock: On December 14, 2007, the Company completed a private placement of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant to the terms of a Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Private Placement Memorandum with accredited investors. The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, no par value (“Preferred Stock”), was issued at $0.25 per share. Each share of Preferred Stock is convertible into one share of the Company’s common stock after ninety (90) days from the date of issuance. The Preferred Stock is redeemable, at the option of the Company, on or after the second anniversary of the date of issuance, plus all accrued but unpaid dividends, on the following basis: (i) $0.30 per share if redeemed on or after the second anniversary of the date of issuance; (ii) $0.35 per share if redeemed on or after the third anniversary of the date of issuance; and (iii) $0.40 per share if redeemed on or after the fourth anniversary of the date of issuance. The Company committed to file a registration statement to register the conversion shares under the Securities Act of 1933 (“the Securities Act”), as amended, and all applicable state securities laws after the conclusion of the private placement. After such registration statement is declared effective, the Company will keep it effective for the shorter of one year or until the holders can make use of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. Common Stock: On September 27, 2007 the Company amended its Articles of Incorporation to authorize the Company to issue up to 90,000,000 shares of no par value Common Stock. Stock Options The Company, under its 2007 Stock Option Plan, is authorized to grant options for up to 250,000 shares of common stock, no par value. Options may be granted as incentive stock options or nonqualified stock options. Incentive stock options shall not be granted at less than one hundred percent (100%) of the fair market value of the common stock on the date of the grant, and have exercise terms of up to ten years with vesting periods determined at the discretion of the board. At December 31, 2007 no stock options have been granted. F-10 Table of Contents Note 6 Going Concern The Company has incurred an accumulated deficit and has had negative cash flows from its operations. Realization of the Company’s assets is dependent upon the Company’s ability to meet its future financing requirements, and the success of future operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. No assurances can be given that the Company will be able to raise additional capital, when needed or at all, or that such capital, if available, will be on terms acceptable to the Company. In the event the Company is unable to raise additional funds, it could be required to either substantially reduce or terminate its operations. F-11 Table of Contents No dealer, salesman or any other person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representation not contained in this prospectus in connection with the offer made by this prospectus. If given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorized by the Company. This prospectus does not constitute an offer of any securities other than the registered securities to which it relates or an offer to any person in any jurisdiction in which such an offer would be unlawful. Neither delivery of this prospectus nor any sale made hereunder shall under any circumstances create an implication that information contained herein is correct as of any time subsequent to the date of this prospectus. AURIOS INC. 1,356,000 shares common stock no par value PROSPECTUS May , 2008 Table of Contents PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN THE PROSPECTUS Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution . The following table sets forth the estimated costs and expenses of the Company in connection with the offering described in the registration statement. Securities and Exchange Commission Registration Fee $ 22 Legal Fees and Expenses 30,000 Accounting Fees and Expenses 5,000 Other Expenses 1,000 Total Expenses $ 36,022 Indemnification of Directors and Officers. The Arizona Business Corporation Act, under which the Company is organized, permits the inclusion in the articles of incorporation of a provision limiting or eliminating the potential monetary liability of directors to a corporation or its shareholders by reason of their conduct as directors. The provision would not permit any limitation on or the elimination of liability of a director for disloyalty to his corporation or its shareholders, failing to act in good faith, engaging in intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law, obtaining an improper personal benefit or paying a dividend or approving a stock repurchase that was illegal under the Arizona Business Corporation Act. Accordingly, the provisions limiting or eliminating the potential monetary liability of directors permitted by the Law apply only to the “duty of care” of directors, i.e., to unintentional errors in their deliberations or judgments and not to any form of “bad faith” conduct. The Articles of Incorporation of the Company contain a provision which eliminates the personal monetary liability of directors to the extent allowed under Arizona law. Accordingly, a shareholder is able to prosecute an action against a director for monetary damages only if he can show a breach of the duty of loyalty, a failure to act in good faith, intentional misconduct, a knowing violation of law, an improper personal benefit or an illegal dividend or stock repurchase, as referred to in the amendment, and not “negligence” or “gross negligence” in satisfying his duty of care. The Law applies only to claims against a director arising out of his role as a director and not, if he is also an officer, his role as an officer or in any other capacity or to his responsibilities under any other law, such as the federal securities laws. In addition, the Company’s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws provide that the Company will indemnify its directors, officers, employees and other agents to the fullest extent permitted by Arizona law. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the Company pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the Company has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the Company of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the Company in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the Company will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. No pending litigation or proceeding involving a director, officer, employee or other agent of the Company as to which indemnification is being sought exists, and the Company is not aware of any pending or threatened material litigation that may result in claims for indemnification by any director, officer, employee or other agent. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities The Company made a private placement of shares of its Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (“Preferred Stock”) to accredited investors at a price of $0.25 per share for $115,000 of gross proceeds from August to December 2007. The II-1 Table of Contents Company’s officers and directors sold the Preferred Stock. The shares were issued in reliance on the exemptions from registration set forth in Section 4(2) of the Securities Act. Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of the Company, dated August 9, 2001.* 3.2 Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of the Company, dated September 28, 2007.* 3.3 Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of the Company, dated October 10, 2007.* 3.4 By-laws of the Company.* 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate.* 4.2 Form of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Certificate.* 5.1 Opinion of Quarles & Brady LLP as to the legality of securities being registered (includes consent).* 10.1 2007 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan.* 10.2 Form of Stock Option Agreement (ISO and Non-Qualified) 2007 Stock Option Plan.* 10.3 License Agreement with True Gravity Enterprises, Inc., dated July 2, 2007.* 10.4 Management and Rental Agreement between True Gravity Enterprises, Inc. and the Company dated January 1, 2007.* 10.5 Promissory Note between the Company and True Gravity Enterprises, Inc., dated January 1, 2007, in the principal amount of $44,121.35.* 10.6 Stock Purchase Agreement between True Gravity Enterprises, Inc. and Paul Attaway, dated December 31, 2007.* 23.1 Consent of Semple, Marchal & Cooper LLP.* 23.2 Consent of Quarles & Brady LLP (Included in 5.1 above) 24.1 Power of Attorney.* * Filed herewith. Undertakings (a) Rule 415 Offering. The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. (iii) To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (h) Request for acceleration of effective date: II-2 Table of Contents Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the smaller reporting company pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the smaller reporting issuer has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the smaller reporting company of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the smaller reporting company in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the smaller reporting company will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. (i) Reliance on Rule 430A: (1) For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b) (1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective. (2) For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. II-3 Table of Contents SIGNATURES In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the requirements of filing on Form S-1 and authorized this Form S-1 to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, in the city of Phoenix, state of Arizona on May 13, 2008. AURIOS INC., an Arizona corporation /s/ Paul Attaway Name: Paul Attaway Title: President, Chief Financial Officer and Director In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement was signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the date stated: Signature and Title Date /s/ Paul Attaway Paul Attaway, President, Chief Financial Officer and Director May 13, 2008 /s/ Timothy Louis Secretary, Treasurer and Director May 13, 2008 II-4 Table of Contents Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of the Company, dated August 9, 2001.* 3.2 Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of the Company, dated September 28, 2007.* 3.3 Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of the Company, dated October 10, 2007.* 3.4 By-laws of the Company.* 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate.* 4.2 Form of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Certificate.* 5.1 Opinion of Quarles & Brady LLP as to the legality of securities being registered (includes consent).* 10.1 2007 Stock Option and Restricted Stock Plan.* 10.2 Form of Stock Option Agreement (ISO and Non-Qualified) 2007 Stock Option Plan.* 10.3 License Agreement with True Gravity Enterprises, Inc., dated July 2, 2007.* 10.4 Management and Rental Agreement between True Gravity Enterprises, Inc. and the Company dated January 1, 2007.* 10.5 Promissory Note between the Company and True Gravity Enterprises, Inc., dated January 1, 2007, in the principal amount of $44,121.35.* 10.6 Stock Purchase Agreement between True Gravity Enterprises, Inc. and Paul Attaway, dated December 31, 2007.* 23.1 Consent of Semple, Marchal & Cooper LLP.* 23.2 Consent of Quarles & Brady LLP (Included in 5.1 above) 24.1 Power of Attorney.* * Filed herewith.
