forms1.htm As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 28, 2009 Registration Statement No. 333-_________ UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 KEYSER RESOURCES INC. (Name of registrant specified in its Charter) Nevada 1000 N/A (State or Other Jurisdiction of (Primary Standard Industrial (IRS Employer Incorporation or Organization) Classification Code Number) Identification Number) 61 Sherwood Circle NW Calgary Alberta T3R 1R3 Telephone: (403) 455-7185 Facsimile: (403) 455-7185 (Address and telephone number of principal executive offices and principal place of business) EastBiz.com, Inc. 5348 Vegas Drive Las Vegas, Nevada 89108 Telephone: (702) 871-8678 (Name, address and telephone number of agent for service) Copies to: Darrin Ocasio Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference LLP 61 Broadway New York, New York 10006 Telephone: (212) 930-9700 Facsimile: (212) 930-9725 Approximate date of proposed sale to the public: From time to time after this Registration Statement becomes effective. If any securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box: x If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o Indicate by a check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large Accelerated Filer o Accelerated Filer o Non-accelerated Filer o Smaller Reporting Company x (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of Each Class of Securities To Be Registered Amount to be registered Proposed Maximum Offering Price per Unit (1) Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price Amount of Registration Fee (2) Shares of Common Stock, Par Value $0.001 2,765,000 $0.05 $138,250 $8.08 (1) Estimated in accordance with Rule 457 of the Securities Act of 1933 solely for the purpose of computing the amount of the registration fee. Our common stock is not traded on any national exchange and the offering price is based on the price at which shares of the registrant's common stock were sold to investors in a private placement completed in December 2008. The price at which the shares were sold in the December 2008 private placement was arbitrarily determined and bears no relationship to the registrant's book value, assets, past operating results, financial condition or any other established criteria of value. The price of $0.05 is a fixed price at which the selling security holders may sell their shares until our common stock is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, at which time the shares may be sold at prevailing market prices or at privately negotiated prices. There can be no assurance that a market maker will agree to file the necessary documents with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, which operates the OTC Bulletin Board, that such an application for quotation will be approved or that our common stock ever will trade. The registrant makes no representation as to the price at which its common stock may trade. (2) Calculated in accordance with Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until this registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. The selling stockholders may not sell these securities until the registration statement is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and becomes effective . This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the sale is not permitted. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED MAY 28, 2009 Prospectus KEYSER RESOURES INCORPORATED 2,765,000 Shares of Common Stock This prospectus relates to the resale of up to 2,765,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, of Keyser Resources Incorporated that may be sold from time to time by the selling stockholders identified in this prospectus. These persons, together with their transferees, are referred to throughout this prospectus as “selling stockholders.” We are not selling any shares of our common stock in this offering and therefore will not receive any proceeds from this offering. Our common stock does not presently trade on any exchange or electronic medium. The selling stockholders and/or their registered representatives have agreed to sell their shares of common stock at a fixed price of $0.05 until such time as our common stock is admitted to quotation, if ever, on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board, or OTC Bulletin Board, an electronic quotation system for equity securities overseen by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or another exchange or electronic medium and thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. As a result of such activities, the selling stockholders may be deemed to be underwriters as that term is defined in the federal securities laws. We have not applied for listing to trade on any public market nor has a market maker applied to have our common stock admitted to quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board. We will seek to identify a market maker to file an application to have our common stock admitted to quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board. We can not, however, assure you that our common stock ever will be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board or trade on any other public market or electronic medium. We will pay all of the expenses incident to the registration of the shares offered under this prospectus, except for sales commissions and other expenses of selling stockholders applicable to the sales of their shares. Selling stockholders may sell their shares directly or through agents or broker-dealers acting as agents on behalf of the selling stockholders. The selling stockholders may engage brokers, dealers, or agents who may receive commissions, or discounts from the selling stockholders. See “Selling Stockholders” and “Plan of Distribution” in this prospectus. An investment in our common stock is speculative and involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider the risk factors and other uncertainties described in this prospectus before purchasing our common stock. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 4. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of the prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of this prospectus is May [*], 2009 Table of Contents Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 1 Prospectus Summary 2 Risk Factors 4 Use of Proceeds 8 Determination of Offering Price 8 Dilution 8 Selling Shareholders 9 Plan of Distribution 10 Description of Securities 12 Legal Matters 13 Experts 13 Description of Business 14 Legal Proceedings 19 Description of Property 19 Market For Our Common Stock and Other Related Stockholder Matters 23 Management's Discussion and Analysis 23 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 25 Management 26 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 27 Executive Compensation 27 Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants 28 Financial Statements F-1 AVAILABLE INFORMATION This prospectus constitutes a part of a registration statement on Form S-1 (together with all amendments and exhibits thereto, the “Registration Statement”) filed by us with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). As permitted by the rules and regulations of the SEC, this prospectus omits certain information contained in the Registration Statement, and reference is made to the Registration Statement and related exhibits for further information with respect to Keyser Resources Incorporated and the securities offered hereby. Any statements contained herein concerning the provisions of any document filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement or otherwise filed with the SEC are not necessarily complete, and in each instance reference is made to the copy of such document so filed. Each such statement is qualified in its entirety by such reference. You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with information different from that which is contained in this prospectus. This prospectus may be used only where it is legal to sell these securities. The information in this prospectus may only be accurate on the date of this prospectus, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus or of any sale of securities. REPORTS TO SECURITY HOLDERS Upon effectiveness of this Prospectus, we will be subject to the reporting and other requirements of the Exchange Act and we intend to furnish our shareholders annual reports containing financial statements audited by our independent auditors and to make available quarterly reports containing unaudited financial statements for each of the first three quarters of each year. The public may read and copy any materials that we file with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that site is www.sec.gov. SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS The statements, other than statements of historical fact, included in this prospectus may be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as “may,” “will,” “would,” “expect,” “intend,” “could,” “estimate,” “should,” “anticipate,” or “believe.” We believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are accurate. However, we cannot assure you that such expectations will occur. Our actual results, performance, or outcomes could differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to: · the substantial risk that no commercially viable gold or copper deposits will be found as a result of the speculative nature of mineral property exploration; · market factors in the mining business; · failure to make required payments or expenditures that could lead to the loss of title to the mineral claim; and · inability to obtain additional financing. We caution you that the foregoing list of important factors is not exclusive. You should not rely on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this prospectus. New risks will emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. Except as required by law, we are not obligated to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events and circumstances occurring after the date of this prospectus or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 1 PROSPECTUS SUMMARY The following is a summary of some of the information contained in this prospectus. In addition to this summary, we urge you to read the more detailed information, including the financial statements and related notes thereto and the “Risk Factors” section, included elsewhere in this prospectus. Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to “our company,” “we,” “us,” or, “our” refers to Keyser Resources Incorporated, a Nevada corporation. Corporate History We are a start-up exploration stage company without significant operations and we are in the business of gold and copper exploration. Keyser Resources Incorporated was incorporated in the State of Nevada on November 26, 2007. On the date of our incorporation, we appointed Maurice Bidaux as our Director. Mr. Bidaux was then appointed President, Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Secretary of our company. Our principal office is located at 61 Sherwood Circle NW, Calgary Alberta T3R 1R3. Our telephone number is (403) 455-7185. Our Business On June 11, 2008 we signed an option agreement with Bearclaw Capital Corporation (“Bearclaw”) to acquire 90% interest in the Rey Lake Property, which is located in the Nicola Mining Division of British Columbia, 45 kilometers north-west of Merrit, British Columbia, Canada.. There is no assurance that a commercially viable deposit exists on this mineral claim. Exploration will be required before a final evaluation as to the economic and legal feasibility of the mineral claim is determined. The agreement allows Keyser to acquire the 90% interest in the Rey Lake Property by making exploration expenditures totaling approximately $150,000 and paying $12,500 cash to Bearclaw by September 30, 2010. The option agreement required that Bearclaw transfer title to us within 30 days of signing the agreement. On our request, Bearclaw transferred title to our President, Mr. Maurice Bidaux, who has executed a trust agreement and has agreed to hold the claim in trust for us (since British Columbia laws prevent a Nevada corporation from holding title directly). If we do not make the specified annual expenditures, we will forfeit our right to exercise the option. Plan of Operation Our plan of operations is to carry out exploration of the Rey Lake Property. Our specific exploration plan for the Rey Lake Property, together with information regarding the location and access, history of operations, present condition and geology, is presented in this prospectus under the heading “Description of Properties.” Our exploration program is preliminary in nature in that its completion will not result in a determination that the property contains commercially exploitable quantities of mineralization. We anticipate that we will require additional financing in order to pursue full exploration of the Rey Lake Property. We do not have sufficient financing to undertake full exploration of the Rey Lake Property at present and there is no assurance that we will be able to obtain the necessary financing. Further exploration beyond the scope of our planned exploration activities will be required before a final evaluation as to the economic and legal feasibility of mining of the Rey Lake Property is determined. There is no assurance that further exploration will result in a final evaluation that a commercially viable mineral deposit exists on any of our mineral properties. It is too early for us to estimate how long it will take us and how much it will cost us to determine whether there is a commercially viable mineral deposit on the Rey Lake Property. We have no revenues, have achieved losses since inception, have been issued a going concern opinion by our auditors and rely upon the sale of our securities to fund operations. We will not generate revenues even if our exploration program indicates that a mineral deposit may exist on the Rey Lake Property. Accordingly, we will be dependent on future additional financing in order to maintain our operations and continue our exploration activities. We have not commenced any work on the Rey Lake Property. Maurice Bidaux is our sole director and officer and had no previous experience in mineral exploration or operating a mining company before November 2007. Our business plan may fail due to our management’s lack of experience in this industry. 2 Private Placement To date, in addition to an issuance to Mr. Maurice Bidaux of 3,000,000 shares of common stock at $0.001 per share for cash proceeds of $3,000, we have raised $81,025 through two private placements completed in April 2008 and December 2008. The following table summarizes the date of offering, the price per share paid, the number of shares sold and the amount raised for these private placements. All of these issuances were made to non-US investors pursuant to exemptions contained in Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933. Closing Date of Offering Price Per Share Paid Number of Shares Sold Amount Raised April 28, 2008 $0.015 1,635,000 $24,525 December 24, 2008 $0.05 1,130,000 $56,500 Mr. Bidaux owns 52.0% of our issued and outstanding common stock as at April 15, 2009. Since Mr. Bidaux owns a majority of our outstanding shares and he is the sole director and officer of our company he has the ability to elect directors and control the future course of our company. Investors may find the corporate decisions made by Mr. Bidaux are inconsistent with the interests of other stockholders. There are many other factors, described in detail under the section of Risk Factors, which may adversely affect our ability to begin and sustain profitable operations. The Offering Common Stock Offered by the Selling Stockholders 2,765,000 shares of common stock Common Stock Outstanding as of May 15, 2009 5,765,000 shares of common stock Offering Price The shares may be offered and sold from time to time by the selling stockholders and/or their registered representatives at a fixed price of $0.05 until such shares are admitted to quotation, if ever, on the OTC Bulletin Board or another exchange or electronic medium and thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. Use of Proceeds We will not receive any of the proceeds from sales of the shares offered by the selling stockholders. Dividend Policy We intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings, if any, for use in our business operations. Accordingly, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Fees and Expenses We will pay all of the expenses incident to the registration of such shares, except for sales commissions and other expenses of selling stockholders. Market Information Our common stock is not currently listed on any national securities exchange and is not quoted on any over-the-counter market. We will seek to identify a market maker to file an application with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. for our common stock to be admitted for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board after the effective date of this registration statement. We have not yet identified a market maker that has agreed to file such application. We can not assure you that a public market for our common stock will develop in the future. Risk Factors An investment in our common stock is highly speculative and involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider the risk factors and other uncertainties described in this prospectus before purchasing our common stock. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 4. 3 RISK FACTORS An investment in our common stock involves a number of very significant risks. You should carefully consider the following known material risks and uncertainties in addition to other information in this prospectus in order to evaluate our company and its business before purchasing shares of our common stock. Our business, operating results and financial condition could be seriously harmed due to any of the following known material risks. The risks described below are not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks not presently known to us may also impair our business operations. You could lose all or part of your investment due to any of these risks. RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS Because of the speculative nature of mineral property exploration, there is substantial risk that no commercially viable gold, copper or mineral deposits will be found and our business will fail. Exploration for gold, copper and minerals is a speculative venture involving substantial risk. We can provide investors with no assurance that our Rey Lake mineral property contains commercially viable deposits. The exploration program that we will conduct on our claim may not result in the discovery of commercial viable deposits. Problems such as unusual and unexpected rock formations and other conditions commonly occur in exploration which often results in unsuccessful exploration efforts. In such a case, we may be unable to complete our business plan and you could lose your entire investment in this offering. Because market factors in the mining business are out of our control, we may not be able to market any minerals that may be found. The mining industry, in general, is intensely competitive and we can provide no assurance to investors that even if gold is discovered, a ready market will exist for the sale of any gold found. Numerous factors beyond our control may affect the marketability of gold. These factors include market fluctuations, the proximity and capacity of natural resource markets and processing equipment, government regulations, including regulations relating to prices, taxes, royalties, land tenure, land use, importing and exporting of minerals and environmental protection. The exact effect of these factors cannot be accurately predicted, but the combination of these factors may result in our not receiving an adequate return on invested capital and you may lose your entire investment in this offering. Because of the inherent dangers involved in gold exploration, there is a risk that we may incur liability or damages as we conduct our business. The search for gold involves numerous hazards. As a result, we may become subject to liability for such hazards, including pollution, cave-ins and other hazards against which we cannot insure or against which we may elect not to insure. We currently have no such insurance nor do we expect to get such insurance for the foreseeable future. If a hazard were to occur, the costs of rectifying the hazard may exceed our asset value and cause us to liquidate all our assets resulting in the loss of your entire investment in this offering. Because access to our mineral claim is often restricted by inclement weather, we will be delayed in our exploration and any future mining efforts. Surface exploration and drilling access, according to the geologist report, to our Rey Lake mineral property is most favorable between April 1 and October 31 of each year due to snow in the area at other times of the year. As a result, any attempts to visit, test, or explore the property are largely limited to these few months of the year when weather permits such activities. These limitations can result in significant delays in exploration efforts, as well as mining and production in the event that commercial amounts of minerals are found. Such delays can result in our inability to meet deadlines for exploration expenditures as defined by the Province of British Columbia. This could cause our business venture to fail and the loss of your entire investment in this offering unless we can meet deadlines. 4 As we undertake exploration of our mineral claim, we will be subject to government regulations that may increase the anticipated time and cost of our exploration program. There are several governmental regulations that materially restrict the exploration of minerals. We will be subject to the mining laws and regulations as contained in the Mineral Tenure Act of the Province of British Columbia as we carry out our exploration program. We may be required to obtain work permits, post bonds and perform remediation work for any physical disturbance to the land in order to comply with these regulations. While our planned exploration program budgets for regulatory compliance, there is a risk that new regulations could increase our time and costs of doing business and prevent us from carrying out our exploration program. If we do not find a joint venture partner for the continued development of our mineral claim, we may not be able to advance exploration work, which could cause our business to fail. If the results of our Phase Two exploration program are successful, we may try to enter into a joint venture agreement with a partner for the further exploration and possible production of our Rey Lake Property. We would face competition in finding a joint venture partner, from other junior mineral resource exploration companies who have properties that the joint venture partner may deem to be more attractive in terms of potential return and investment cost. In addition, if we entered into a joint venture agreement, we would likely assign a percentage of our interest in the Rey Lake claim to the joint venture partner. If we are unable to enter into a joint venture agreement with a partner, our operations may fail and you may lose your entire investment in this offering. If we do not obtain additional financing, our business plan will fail. Our current operating funds are estimated to be sufficient to complete the first phase of our exploration program on the Rey Lake mineral property. However, we will need to obtain additional financing in order to complete our business plan. Our business plan calls for significant expenses in connection with the exploration of our mineral claim. We have not made arrangements to secure any additional financing. If we do not obtain clear title to the mineral claim, our business may fail. Under British Columbia law, title to a British Columbia mineral claim can only be held by individuals or British Columbia corporations. Since we are a Nevada corporation we are not legally allowed to hold claims in British Columbia. Our mineral claim is being held in trust for us by our President as he is a British Columbia resident. If we confirm economically viable deposits of gold on our mineral claim we will incorporate a British Columbia subsidiary to hold title to the mineral claim and our President will transfer the claim to the subsidiary. Until we can confirm viable gold deposits, our President is holding the claim in trust for us by means of a trust agreement. However, there could be situations such as the death of our President that could prevent us from obtaining clear title to the mineral claim. If we are unable to obtain clear title to the mineral claim our business will likely fail and you will lose your entire investment in this offering. Our failure to make required payments or expenditures could cause us to lose title to the mineral claim. The Rey Lake mineral property has an expiry date of September 30, 2010 and in order to maintain the tenure in good standing it will be necessary for us to either perform and record valid exploration work with value of approximately $150,000 for the 100 hectares of the claim) or pay the equivalent sum to the Province of British Columbia in lieu of work. Failure to perform and record valid exploration work or pay the equivalent sum to the Province of British Columbia on the anniversary dates will result in forfeiture of title to the claim. 5 Because we have only recently commenced business operations, we face a high risk of business failure and this could result in a total loss of your investment. We have not yet begun the initial stages of exploration of our mineral claim, and thus have no way to evaluate the likelihood of whether we will be able to operate our business successfully. We were incorporated on November 26, 2007 and to date have been involved primarily in organizational activities, obtaining financing and staking our mineral claim. We have not earned any revenues and as of May 15, 2009, we have never achieved profitability. We expect to incur operating losses for the foreseeable future. Potential investors should be aware of the difficulties normally encountered by new mineral exploration companies and the high rate of failure of such enterprises. The likelihood of success must be considered in the light of problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays encountered in connection with the exploration of the mineral properties that we plan to undertake. These potential problems include, but are not limited to, unanticipated problems relating to exploration and additional costs and expenses that may exceed current estimates. We have no history upon which to base any assumption as to the likelihood that our business will prove successful, and we can provide no assurance to investors that we will generate any operating revenues or ever achieve profitable operations. If we are unsuccessful in addressing these risks our business will likely fail and you will lose your entire investment in this offering. Because our management has no experience in the mineral exploration business we may make business decisions that are not advantageous to us, and this could cause our business to fail. Our President has no previous experience operating an exploration or a mining company and because of this lack of experience he may make mistakes. Our management lacks the technical training and experience with exploring for, starting, or operating a mine. With no direct training or experience in these areas our management may not be fully aware of the many specific requirements related to working in this industry. Our management's decisions and choices may not take into account standard engineering or managerial approaches that mineral exploration companies commonly use. Consequently, our operations, earnings, and ultimate financial success could suffer irreparable harm due to our management's lack of experience in this industry. Because our sole director and officer owns the majority of our common stock, he has the ability to override the interests of the other stockholders, which could prevent us from becoming profitable. Our President, Maurice Bidaux, owns 52.0% of our outstanding common stock and serves as our sole director and officer. Because Mr. Bidaux owns more than 50% of our issued common stock, he will be able to elect all of our directors and control our operations. He may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures and other transactions that involve risks. For example, he could cause us to make acquisitions that increase our indebtedness or to sell revenue generating assets. He may from time to time acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. If he fails to act in our best interests or fails to perform adequately to manage us, you may have difficulty in removing him as director, which could prevent us from becoming profitable. There is substantial doubt as to whether we will continue operations. If we discontinue operations, you could lose your investment. The following factors raise substantial doubt regarding the ability of our business to continue as a going concern: (i) the losses we incurred since our inception; (ii) our lack of operating revenues as at May 15, 2009; and (iii) our dependence on the sale of equity securities and receipt of capital from outside sources to continue in operation. We anticipate that we will incur increased expenses without realizing enough revenues. We therefore expect to incur significant losses in the foreseeable future. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the uncertainty about our ability to continue our business. If we are unable to obtain additional financing from outside sources and eventually produce enough revenues, we may be forced to sell our assets, curtail or cease our operations. If this happens, you could lose all or part of your investment. 6 RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK There is no liquidity and no established public market for our common stock and it may prove impossible to sell your shares. There is presently no public market in our shares. While we intend to contact an authorized OTC Bulletin Board market maker for sponsorship of our securities, we cannot guarantee that such sponsorship will be approved and our stock listed and quoted for sale. Even if our shares are quoted for sale, buyers may be insufficient in numbers to allow for a robust market, and it may prove impossible to sell your shares. If the selling shareholders sell a large number of shares all at once or in blocks, the value of our shares would most likely decline. The selling shareholders are offering 2,765,000 shares of our common stock through this prospectus. They must sell these shares at a fixed price of $0.05 until such time as they are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board or other quotation system or stock exchange. Our common stock is presently not traded on any market or securities exchange, but should a market develop, shares sold at a price below the current market price at which the common stock is trading will cause that market price to decline. Moreover, the offer or sale of large numbers of shares at any price may cause the market price to fall. The number of shares being registered by this prospectus represent approximately 48% of the common shares currently outstanding. Because the SEC imposes additional sales practice requirements on brokers who deal in our shares which are penny stocks, some brokers may be unwilling to trade them. This means that you may have difficulty reselling your shares and this may cause the price of the shares to decline. A penny stock is generally a stock that: · is not listed on a national securities exchange or NASDAQ, · is listed in the "pink sheets" or on the OTC Bulletin Board, · has a price per share of less than $5.00, and · is issued by a company with net tangible assets less than $5 million. The penny stock trading rules impose additional duties and responsibilities upon broker-dealers and salespersons effecting purchase and sale transactions in Common Stock and other equity securities, including: · determination of the purchaser's investment suitability, · delivery of certain information and disclosures to the purchaser, and · receipt of a specific purchase agreement before effecting the purchase transaction. Many broker-dealers will not effect transactions in penny stocks, except on an unsolicited basis, in order to avoid compliance with the penny stock trading rules. In the event our Common Stock becomes subject to the penny stock trading rules: · such rules may materially limit or restrict the ability to resell our Common Stock, and · the liquidity typically associated with other publicly traded equity securities may not exist. Because of the significant restrictions on trading penny stocks, a public market may never emerge for our securities. If this happens, you may never be able to publicly sell your shares. 7 As our sole director and officer and our assets are located in Canada, investors may be limited in their ability to enforce US civil actions against our director or our assets. You may not be able to receive compensation for damages to the value of your investment caused by wrongful actions by our director. Our assets are located in Canada and our director is a resident of Canada. Consequently, it may be difficult for United States investors to affect service of process within the United States on our director. A judgment of a US court predicated solely upon such civil liabilities may not be enforceable in Canada by a Canadian court if the US court in which the judgment was obtained did not have jurisdiction, as determined by the Canadian court, in the matter. There is substantial doubt whether an original action could be brought successfully in Canada against any of our future assets or our director predicated solely upon such civil liabilities. You may not be able to recover damages as compensation for a decline in your investment. We do not intend to pay dividends and there will be less ways in which you can make a gain on any investment in us. We have never paid any cash dividends and currently do not intend to pay any dividends for the foreseeable future. To the extent that we require additional funding currently not provided for in our financing plan, our funding sources may likely prohibit the payment of a dividend. Because we do not intend to declare dividends, any gain on an investment in us will need to come through appreciation of the stock’s price. USE OF PROCEEDS The shares of common stock offered by this prospectus are being registered for the account of the selling stockholders named in this prospectus. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the common stock offered through this prospectus by the selling stockholders. We will pay all of the expenses incident to the registration of the shares except for sales commissions and other expenses of selling stockholders. DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE The selling shareholders will sell at an initial price of $0.05 per share until our shares are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board and thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. The $0.05 per share initial price of our common stock was determined by our Board of Directors. Since our shares are not listed or quoted on any exchange or quotation system, the offering price of the shares of common stock was arbitrarily determined. The offering price was determined by the price at which shares were sold to our shareholders in our private placement which was completed in November 2008 and does not necessarily bear any relationship to our book value, assets, past operating results, financial condition or any other established criteria of value. The price of our shares of common stock is not based on past earnings, nor is the price of the shares of our common stock indicative of current market value for the assets owned by us. No valuation or appraisal has been prepared for our business. You cannot be sure that a public market for any of our securities will develop. We intend to apply to the OTC Bulletin Board for the trading of our common stock. If our common stock becomes listed on the OTC Bulletin Board and a market for the stock develops, the actual price of the shares sold herein by the selling shareholders will be determined by prevailing market prices at the time of sale or by private transactions negotiated by the selling shareholders named in this Prospectus. The number of shares that may be actually sold by a selling shareholder will be determined by each selling shareholder. The selling shareholders are under no obligation to sell all or any portion of the shares offered, nor are the selling shareholders obligated to sell such shares immediately under this Prospectus. A shareholder may sell shares at a price different than $0.05 per share depending on privately negotiated factors such as a shareholder's own cash requirements, or objective criteria of value such as the market value of our assets. Dilution All 2,765,000 shares of the common stock to be sold by the selling shareholders are currently issued and outstanding. Accordingly, they will not cause dilution to our existing shareholders. 8 SELLING SHAREHOLDERS The following table sets forth certain information regarding the selling stockholders and the shares offered by them in this prospectus. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Each selling stockholder’s percentage of ownership in the following table is based upon 5,765,000 shares of common stock outstanding as of May 15, 2009. Name of Selling Shareholder Shares Owned Before the Offering (1) Percent (%) Maximum Number of Shares Being Offered Beneficial Ownership After Offering Percentage of Shares Owned After the Offering is Complete Tim Hayward 133,333 2.3 133,333 0 0 Joseph Babiar 166,666 2.9 166,666 0 0 Caroline Peacock 80,000 1.4 80,000 0 0 Martin Kilo 146,666 2.5 146,666 0 0 Michelle Duncan 125,000 2.2 125,000 0 0 Debra McDiarmid 83,333 1.4 83,333 0 0 Christian Wirth 166,666 2.9 166,666 0 0 Howard Tolley 125,000 2.2 125,000 0 0 Douglas Klumpp 125,000 2.2 125,000 0 0 Helen Klassen 100,000 1.7 100,000 0 0 Daryl Domes 83,333 1.4 83,333 0 0 Gregory Corcoran 166,666 2.9 166,666 0 0 Todd Scott 133,333 2.3 133,333 0 0 Terry Thorpe 70,000 1.2 70,000 0 0 Kelly Mote 50,000 + 50,000 0 0 Tiffany Carroll 100,000 1.7 100,000 0 0 Yuvraj Dhesi 70,000 1.2 70,000 0 0 Kelty Christensen 50,000 + 50,000 0 0 Frank Garvin 25,000 + 25,000 0 0 Parveshindera Sidhu 25,000 + 25,000 0 0 Sarah Guardado 60,000 1.0 60,000 0 0 Evan Schindel 100,000 1.7 100,000 0 0 Chad Verpy 60,000 1.0 60,000 0 0 Roland Requier 60,000 1.0 60,000 0 0 Tricia Franks 20,000 + 20,000 0 0 Monika Maksymik 70,000 1.2 70,000 0 0 Maria Hluchanova 70,000 1.2 70,000 0 0 Jennifer Olson 30,000 + 30,000 0 0 Robert Samuel Grier 25,000 + 25,000 0 0 Ed Frijters 25,000 + 25,000 0 0 Marnie Bryks 25,000 + 25,000 0 0 Tri Lam 50,000 + 50,000 0 0 Hoang Tran 25,000 + 25,000 0 0 Linda Tran 50,000 + 50,000 0 0 Kathleen Noval 70,000 1.2 70,000 0 0 Total 2,764,996 2,764,996 0 0 +Less than 1% We are not aware of any family relationships among selling shareholders. 9 Except as indicated above, the named shareholders beneficially own and have sole voting and investment power over all shares or rights to these shares. The numbers in this table assume that none of the selling shareholders sells shares of common stock not being offered in this prospectus or purchases additional shares of common stock, and assumes that all shares offered are sold. The percentages are based on 5,765,000 shares of common stock outstanding on May 15, 2009. The selling shareholders named in this prospectus are offering a total of 2,765,000 shares of common stock which represents 48% of our outstanding common stock on May 15, 2009. Except as indicated above, none of the selling shareholders or their beneficial owners: 1. has had a material relationship with us other than as a shareholder at any time within the past three years; 2. 3. has ever been one of our officers or directors; or is a registered broker-dealer or an affiliate of a registered broker-dealer We will receive no proceeds from the sale of the registered shares; however, we will receive proceeds from the exercise of options by the selling stockholders. We have agreed to bear the expenses of registration of the shares, other than commissions and discounts of agents or broker-dealers and transfer taxes, if any. PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION The selling stockholders and any of their respective pledgees, donees, assignees, and other successors-in-interest may, from time to time, sell any or all of their shares of common stock on any stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the shares are traded or in private transactions. These sales will be at the fixed price of $0.05 until the shares are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. We have agreed to bear all costs, expenses, and fees of registration of the shares of our common stock offered by the selling stockholders for resale. However, any brokerage commissions, discounts, concessions, or other fees, if any, payable to broker-dealers in connection with any sale of shares of common stock will be borne by the selling stockholders selling those shares or by the purchasers of those shares. On our being notified by a selling stockholder that any material arrangement has been entered into with a broker-dealer for the sale of shares through a block trade, special offering, exchange distribution, or secondary distribution, or a purchase by a broker or dealer, a supplement to this prospectus will be filed, if required, pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act, disclosing the following: · the name of each such selling stockholder and of any participating broker-dealer; · the number of securities involved; · the price at which such securities were sold; · the commissions paid or discounts or concessions allowed to any broker-dealer, where applicable; · that any broker-dealer did not conduct any investigation to verify the information set out or incorporated by reference in this prospectus; · other facts material to the transaction. The selling stockholders may use any one or more of the following methods when selling shares: · directly as principals; · ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers; · block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the shares as agent but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction; · purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account; · an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange · privately negotiated transactions · short sales that are in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations of any state or the United States · broker-dealers may agree with the selling stockholders to sell a specified number of such shares at a stipulated price per share · a combination of any such methods of sale · any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law 10 We are required to pay expenses incident to the registration, offering, and sale of the shares under this offering. The selling stockholders may also sell shares under Rule 144 under the Securities Act, if available, rather than under this prospectus. Any sales of the shares may be effected through the OTC Bulletin Board if our common stock is admitted to quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board, in private transactions or otherwise, and the shares may be sold at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to prevailing market prices. Broker-dealers engaged by the selling stockholders may arrange for other brokers-dealers to participate in sales. If the selling stockholders effect sales through underwriters, brokers, dealers or agents, such firms may receive compensation in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions from the selling stockholders or the purchasers of the shares for whom they may act as agent, principal or both in amounts to be negotiated. Those persons who act as broker-dealers or underwriters in connection with the sale of the shares may be selected by the selling stockholders and may have other business relationships with, and perform services for, us. The selling stockholders do not expect these commissions and discounts to exceed what is customary in the types of transactions involved. The anti-manipulation provisions of Rules 101 through 104 of Regulation M promulgated under the Exchange Act may apply to purchases and sales of shares of common stock by the selling stockholders. In addition, there are restrictions on market-making activities by persons engaged in the distribution of the common stock. Under the securities laws of certain states, the shares may be sold in those states only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers. In addition, in certain states the shares may not be able to be sold unless our common stock has been registered or qualified for sale in that state or an exemption from registration or qualification is available and is complied with. 11 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES General Our authorized capital stock consists of 75,000,000 shares of common stock at a par value of $0.001 per share. Common Stock As at May 15, 2009, 5,765,000 shares of common stock are issued and outstanding and held by 36 shareholders of record. Holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a stockholder vote. Holders of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights. Therefore, holders of a majority of the shares of common stock voting for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Holders of a majority of shares of common stock issued and outstanding, represented in person or by proxy, are necessary to constitute a quorum at any meeting of our stockholders. A vote by the holders of a majority of our outstanding shares is required to effectuate certain fundamental corporate changes such as liquidation, merger or an amendment to our Articles of Incorporation. Holders of common stock are entitled to share in all dividends that the board of directors, in its discretion, declares from legally available funds. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each outstanding share entitles its holder to participate prorata in all assets that remain after payment of liabilities and after providing for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. Holders of our common stock have no preemptive rights, no conversion rights and there are no redemption provisions applicable to our common stock. Preferred Stock As of May 15, 2009, there is no preferred stock issued or authorized. Dividend Policy We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the expansion of our business. As a result, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Options, Warrants and Convertible Securities As of May 15, 2009, there are no outstanding options or warrants to purchase our securities or securities convertible into shares of our common stock or any rights convertible or exchangeable into shares of our common stock. We may, however, issue options, warrants or convertible securities in the future. Stock Transfer Agent As of May 15, 2009 we had not yet appointed a stock transfer agent. Shares Eligible for Future Sale The 2,765,000 shares of common stock being registered in this offering will be freely tradable without restrictions under the Securities Act. The 3,000,000 shares of our issued common stock that are not being registered in this prospectus are held by Maurice Bidaux, our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. In general, under Rule 144 as currently in effect, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (1) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, (2) we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for at least 90 days before the sale and (3) if the sale occurs prior to satisfaction of a one-year holding period, we provide current information at the time of sale. 12 Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: • 1% of the total number of securities of the same class then outstanding, which will equal approximately 228,632 shares immediately after this offering; or • the average weekly trading volume of such securities during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to such sale. provided, in each case, that we are subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for at least three months before the sale. However, since we will seek to initiate quotation of our common stock on the OTC Bulletin Board, which is not an “automated quotation system,” our stockholders will not be able to rely on the market-based volume limitation described in the second bullet above. If, in the future, our securities are listed on an exchange or quoted on NASDAQ, then our stockholders would be able to rely on the market-based volume limitation. Unless and until our stock is so listed or quoted, our stockholders can only rely on the percentage based volume limitation described in the first bullet above. Such sales by affiliates must also comply with the manner of sale, current public information and notice provisions of Rule 144. The selling stockholders will not be governed by the foregoing restrictions when selling their shares pursuant to this prospectus. The 3,000,000 outstanding restricted securities held by our sole director and officer that are not registered in this prospectus are subject to the sale limitations imposed by Rule 144. The availability for sale of substantial amounts of common stock under Rule 144 could adversely affect prevailing market prices for our securities. LEGAL MATTERS No expert or counsel named in this prospectus as having prepared or certified any part of this prospectus or having given an opinion upon the validity of the securities being registered or upon other legal matters in connection with the registration or offering of the common stock was employed on a contingency basis, or had, or is to receive, in connection with the offering, a substantial interest exceeding $50,000, directly or indirectly, in Keyser Resources Incorporated. Nor was any such person connected with Keyser Resources Incorporated as a promoter, managing or principal underwriter, voting trustee, director, officer, or employee. The validity of the issuance of the common stock offered by the selling stockholders under this prospectus will be passed upon for us by Sichenzia Ross Freidman Ference LLP, New York, New York. EXPERTS Our audited and unaudited financial statements are included in this Prospectus in reliance upon Moore & Associates, Chartered, as experts in auditing and accounting. The geological report for the Rey Lake mineral property was prepared by Agnes Koffyberg P. Geo., and the summary information of the geological report disclosed in this prospectus is in reliance upon the authority and capability of Agnes Koffyberg as a Professional Geoscientist. 13 DEVELOPMENT OF THE BUSINESS Our Business Corporate History We are a start-up exploration stage company without significant operations and we are in the business of gold and copper exploration. Keyser Resources Incorporated was incorporated in the State of Nevada on November 26, 2007. On the date of our incorporation, we appointed Maurice Bidaux as our Director. Mr. Bidaux was then appointed President, Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Secretary of our company. Our principal office is located at 61 Sherwood Circle NW, Calgary Alberta T3R 1R3. Business Development Our President, Mr. Bidaux, has had an interest in British Columbia mineral exploration for over 12 years having invested in B.C. and other Western Canada publicly listed mineral exploration companies over that period. Mr. Bidaux decided to start a mineral exploration company on November 26, 2007 after years of experience in investing in publicly listed mineral exploration companies and observing that the commodity prices for gold, zinc, copper and other minerals appeared to be at a sustained attractive level. Mr. Bidaux believed he had located claims of merit in the Omineca Mining District using the Province of British Columbia’s on-line staking system and staked 4 claims on our behalf in April 2008. These claims proved to be not viable after consulting a geologist at Discovery Consultants Inc. Mr. Bidaux then approached Discovery Consultants Inc., about attractive unencumbered properties that Discovery might be able to identify for us to acquire and develop. On June 11, 2008 we signed an option agreement with Bearclaw Capital Corporation (“Bearclaw”) to acquire 90% interest in the Rey Lake Property, which is located in the Nicola Mining Division of British Columbia, 45 kilometers north-west of Merrit, British Columbia, Canada.. There is no assurance that a commercially viable deposit exists on this mineral claim. Exploration will be required before a final evaluation as to the economic and legal feasibility of the mineral claim is determined. The agreement allows Keyser to acquire the 90% interest in the Rey Lake Property by making exploration expenditures totaling approximately $150,000 and paying $12,500 cash to Bearclaw by September 30, 2010. The option agreement required that Bearclaw transfer title to us within 30 days of signing the agreement. On our request, Bearclaw transferred title to our President, Mr. Maurice Bidaux, who has executed a trust agreement and has agreed to hold the claim in trust for us (since British Columbia laws prevent a Nevada corporation from holding title directly). If we do not make the specified annual expenditures, we will forfeit our right to exercise the option. The tenure number of the Rey Lake mineral claim is 510210. Under the British Columbia Mineral Tenure Act, title to British Columbia mineral claims can only be held by individuals or British Columbia corporations. Because of this regulation, our President is holding the mineral claim in trust for us until we can determine whether there is a commercially viable copper/gold/molybdenum deposit on our claim. If we determine that there is a commercially viable gold and/or copper deposit on our claim we will incorporate a British Columbia subsidiary to hold title to the claim and our President will transfer the mineral claim to the subsidiary. The transfer will be at no cost to us other than the costs associated with the incorporation of the British Columbia subsidiary. In November 2008, we engaged a professional geoscientist named Agnes Koffyberg, who is familiar with the Nicola Mining District area to develop a report about the Rey Lake property that we optioned from Bearclaw Capital Corporation. Agnes Koffyberg was introduced to us through Bill Gilmour, P. Eng. of Discovery Consultants. Discovery Consultants was contracted to assess the properties staked in the Nicola Mining District. The report entitled “Report on the Rey Lake Property” dated November 28, 2008 describes the mineral claim, the regional geology, the mineral potential of the claim and recommendations how we should explore the claim. 14 Plan of Operation The agreement allows Keyser to acquire the 90% interest in the Rey Lake Property by making exploration expenditures totaling approximately $150,000 and paying $12,500 cash to Bearclaw by September 30, 2010. The option agreement required that Bearclaw transfer title to us within 30 days of signing the agreement. On our request, Bearclaw transferred title to our President, Mr. Maurice Bidaux, who has executed a trust agreement and has agreed to hold the claim in trust for us (since British Columbia laws prevent a Nevada corporation from holding title directly). If we do not make the specified annual expenditures, we will forfeit our right to exercise the option. We anticipate incurring significant expenses in order to explore our claim, as described in our Plan of Operation. Our consulting geologist Agnes Koffyberg has written a report dated, November 28, 2008 providing us with recommendations of how we should explore our claim. The potential economic significance of the mineral claim is that according to our consulting geologist's report, the known mineralization has been classified as a porphyry-copper-molybdenum type deposit and contains zones of skarn alteration within the meta-sedimentary layers. Further, according to the consulting geologist's report, our property has the potential to host a deposit containing copper-molybdenum and gold mineralization. Regionally, the Property is situated in a geologically prospective area that has proven historic copper-molybdenum mineralization. Copper-molybdenum mineralization has been shown to occur for a distance of about 325m from DDH 75-24 (81m of 0.21% Cu, 0.023% Mo) to 72-6 (“skarn zone”) to DDH72-1 and 2 (“breccia zone), in a north-northwest to south-southeast direction. It remains open to the north and south. Best host rocks for copper-molybdenum appear to be the “breccia zone” and the “skarn zone”, although copper and molybdenum mineralization have also been encountered within altered and fractured andesites and within the quartz monzonite stock. Due to thick sequences of overburden, (Overburden is the term used in mining and archaeology to describe material that lies above the area of economic or scientific interest, e.g., the rock, soil and ecosystem that lies above the coal seam. Also known as 'waste'. Overburden is removed during surface mining , but is typically not contaminated with toxic components and may be used to restore a mining site to a semblance of its appearance before mining began.) the effectiveness of geological mapping and rock sampling are limited. Therefore, as recommended by our geologist, MMI soil sampling, (Mobile Metal Ion measurement), as done by a company called Southern Rio in 2005 will be utilized as it is more effective than conventional B-horizon soil sampling due to our properties areas of thick overburden. It is the author’s conclusion that the Rey Lake Property is a property of merit and it is recommended that further exploration be carried out on the Property. A program to identify extensions of altered mineralized rock is recommended with initial work consisting of an extensive gridded MMI soil survey with the aim of determining further drill targets. Depending on the results, targets could be follow-up by a diamond drill program. If this work is successful in encountering copper-molybdenum-gold mineralization, more drilling and investment will be required to properly evaluate the Property. Our objective is to conduct exploration activities on our mineral claim to assess whether the claim possesses any commercially viable gold/copper/molybdenum deposits. Until we can validate otherwise, the claim is without known reserves and we are planning a two phase program to explore our claim. Access to the claim is limited to the period of April 1 to October 31 of each year due to snow in the area. This means that our exploration activities are limited to a period of about seven months per year. We will explore our claim between April 1, 2009 and October 31, 2009. Our goal is to complete our first phase of exploration within this period. Prior to carrying out a drill program on the Property, Keyser will carry out the recommended MMI soil survey to test for copper-molybdenum-gold mineralization below areas of thick overburden as described above. Our plan of operation for the next twelve months is to complete the following objectives within the time periods specified, subject to our obtaining any additional funding necessary for the continued exploration of our Rey Lake mineral property. We anticipate that we have enough funds to complete our Phase One exploration program. We anticipate that we have enough funds to complete the majority of our Phase Two program and if additional funds are required our President will use his best efforts to arrange for the financing of the shortfall either personally or via additional equity financing. The following is a brief summary of our two phase exploration program. 15 Phase Number Planned Exploratio n Activities Timetable Phase One A MMI soil survey to test for copper-molybdenum-gold mineralization below areas of thick overburden. April , 2009 October , 2009 Phase Two - Extension of the IP geophysical survey started in 2005; extending the lines north and south. April 2010 – October 2010 - A magnometer survey, which can be done in conjunction with the IP survey, may be useful in identifying magnetic rich skarn. - Depending on the results from above, diamond drilling to follow up soil and geophysical anomalies identified above. Large diameter (NQ) should be drilled in the area to verify grades, especially in the vicinity of 72-1 and 73-7 in the “breccia zone” and near 72-6 in the “skarn zone.”. If the results from Phase 1 and 2 are successful in encountering gold mineralization, more drilling and investment will be required to properly evaluate the Rey Lake Property. If our exploration activities indicate that there are no commercially viable gold deposits on the Rey Lake Property we will let the option agreement lapse and stake a new claim to explore in British Columbia. We will continue to stake claims or enter in to option agreements in British Columbia as long as we can afford to do so. Contingent on the results of Phase I, a Phase II program would be recommended: · Extension of the IP geophysical survey started in 2005; extending the lines north and south. · A magnometer survey, which can be done in conjunction with the IP survey, may be useful in identifying magnetite rich skarn. · Depending on the results from the above, diamond drilling to follow up soil and geophysical anomalies identified above. Large diameter (NQ) should be drilled in the area to verify grades, especially in the vicinity of 72-1 and 73-7 in the “breccia zone” and near 72-6 in the “skarn zone”. As at March 31, 2009, we had a cash balance of $38,846. Over the next 12 months we do not anticipate that we will generate any revenues. We anticipate that we need an additional financing of $(81,456.76-73,513=$ 7,943.76) for the next 12 months (beginning April 2009). We anticipate that we have enough cash on hand to complete Phase One ($ 51,150) program. We anticipate that any additional funding will come from equity financing from the sale of our common stock or sale of part of our interest in the Rey Lake mineral property. If we are successful in completing an equity financing, existing shareholders will experience dilution of their interest in our company. We do not have any financing arranged and we cannot provide investors with any assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient funding from the sale of our common stock to fund our Phase One and further exploration programs, however our President will use his best efforts to arrange for the financing of any shortfall either personally or via additional equity financing. Our planned exploration expenditures and operation expenses for the next 12 months (beginning January 2009) are summarized as follows: Description Estimated Expenses ($) General and Administrative Professional fees (including legal, and auditing fees) 30,298.68 This offering expenses 8.08 Exploration project – Phase one 51,150.00 Total 81,456.68 16 Our planned exploration expenditures and operation expenses for the Phase One Exploration Project are summarized as follows: Field Personnel Field Technicians: 25 days@ $400.00/day $ 10,000 Crew mobilization costs, hotels, meals: 50 days @ $120.00 day 6,000 Truck Rental: 25 days@$100/day 2,500 Fuel: Truck 3,000 MMI Soil sample analysis: 500 samples @ $40/sample 20,000 Report, drafting, reproduction 5,000 Sub-total $ 46,500 Contingency 10% 4,650 Total $ 51,150 Phase One Exploration Cost Review Transportation Purchase Plan The transportation costs of Phase One are minimal as the Rey Lake Property is within 45 kilometers of Kamloops, a major supply center for the mining industry, however, over 25 days rental of and fuel for the truck amounts to $5,500.00. Employee Hiring (Labor) Plan We will incur crew costs including accommodation and meals for field personnel and field technicians for approximately 50 crew-days @ $120.00 per day totaling $6,000.00. We will use a geologist and field technician for our Phase one of our exploration plan. The expected cost for both personnel for 25 days @ $400.00 per day is $10,000.00. Reporting, drafting and reproduction. The recording drafting and reproduction of results from the MMI Soil sample analysis for 500 samples will cost $5,000. Sample Analysis Plan We plan to allow for the analysis for up to 500 samples. Each analysis costs $40 per sample. The expected cost for sample analysis will be $20,000 for the phase one exploration program. The costs described above which include transportation, equipment, consumables, labor, reporting and sample analysis make up the entire cost of our Phase One exploration program. All the costs described are estimated so we will provide a 10% contingency allowance for unanticipated and wrongly estimated costs. Based on the nature of our business, we anticipate incurring operating losses in the foreseeable future. We base this expectation, in part, on the fact that very few mineral claims in the exploration stage ultimately develop into producing, profitable mines. Our future financial results are also uncertain due to a number of factors, some of which are outside our control. These factors include, but are not limited to: · our ability to raise additional funding; · the market price for gold; · the results of our proposed exploration programs on the mineral property; and · our ability to find joint venture partners for the development of our property interests Due to our lack of operating history and present inability to generate revenues, our auditors have stated their opinion that there currently exists substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Competitive Conditions The mineral exploration business is an extremely competitive industry. We are competing with many other exploration companies looking for minerals. We are a very small exploration company and a small participant in the mineral exploration business. Being a junior mineral exploration company, we compete with other companies like ours for financing and joint venture partners. Additionally, we compete for resources such as professional geologists, camp staff, helicopters and mineral exploration supplies. 17 Raw Materials The raw materials for our exploration program will be items including camp equipment, sample bags, first aid supplies, groceries and propane. All of these materials are readily available in the City of Merrit, (45 kilometers south of the Rey Lake property) British Columbia, Canada from a variety of suppliers. Dependence on Major Customers We currently have no customers. Intellectual Property and Agreements We have no intellectual property such as patents or trademarks. Additionally, we have no royalty agreements or labor contracts. Government Regulations We will be required to comply with all regulations, rules and directives of governmental authorities and agencies applicable to the exploration of minerals in Canada generally, and in the province of British Columbia, specifically. Under these laws, prior to production, we have the right to explore the property, subject only to a notice of work which may entail posting a bond if we significantly disturb the property surface. This would first occur during the drilling phase of exploration. We will have to sustain the cost of reclamation and environmental mediation for all exploration and development work undertaken. Our first two phases of exploration, which will consist of mapping, re-sampling, relocation, geological, geochemical and geophysical surveys, and trenching, will not require any reclamation and environmental mediation work because there will not be significant physical disturbance to the land. Subsequent drilling will require some remediation work. We will need to raise additional funds to finance any drilling programs, including remediation costs. If we enter into production, the cost of complying with permit and regulatory environment laws will be greater than in the exploration phases because the impact on the project area is greater. Permits and regulations will control all aspects of any production programs if the project continues to that stage because of the potential impact on the environment. Examples of regulatory requirements include: · Water discharge will have to meet water standards; · Dust generation will have to be minimal or otherwise re-mediated; · Dumping of material on the surface will have to be re-contoured and re-vegetated; · An assessment of all material to be left on the surface will need to be environmentally benign; · Ground water will have to be monitored for any potential contaminants; · The socio-economic impact of the project will have to be evaluated and if deemed negative, will have to be re-mediated; and · There will have to be an impact report of the work on the local fauna and flora. The Canadian Environmental Assessment Act (CEAA), which came into force in January 1995, governs environmental assessment at the federal level. The Canadian Environmental Assessment Agency is in charge of administering the environmental assessment process. The CEAA requires an environmental assessment where a federal authority supports a private or public sector project in one or more of four ways: · by being the proponent of the project, · by providing money for the project, · by providing land for the project, or · by issuing some form of regulatory approval for the project. In Canada, mineral title belongs to the provincial Crown. Mining is generally regulated by the provinces. Provincial mining legislation, policies, and codes of practice, usually have specific requirements for the control of mining wastes. Provinces also use different procedures to regulate mining activity. We will be required to comply with all regulations defined in the Mineral Tenure Act for the Province of British Columbia. In British Columbia, the proponent must submit a permit application for all mechanized surface exploration. The application includes information about the mineral title, the operator, the program of work, and the proposed reclamation plan. For minimal surface disturbance in a non-sensitive area, a letter permit is issued by a district inspector of the Ministry of Energy, Mines and Petroleum Resources. If a mechanized work program is contemplated, the district inspector follows a consultation procedure with other government agencies, following which a permit will be issued. For exploration in highly sensitive areas, further referrals will be made by the Ministry to, for example, the inter-agency management committee, other government agencies, and/or public stakeholder groups. 18 We are also subject to safety policies of the Canadian Workers Compensation Board that regulates the protection of the health and safety of workers. In addition to the foregoing, in the future, our Canadian operations may be affected from time to time by political developments in Canada and by Canadian Federal, provincial and local laws and regulations, such as restrictions on mining production and exploration, price controls, tax increases, expropriation of property, modification or cancellation of contract rights, and environmental protection controls. During the initial phases of exploration, there will be no significant costs of compliance with government regulations. However, while it is difficult to know exactly how much these costs will be until we have a better indication of the size and tenor of any production operation, we would expect that they could be high in the production operation. We are in compliance with the act and will continue to comply with the act in the future. We believe that compliance with the act will not adversely affect our business activities in the initial phase of exploration. We currently have no any funds to comply with environmental laws concerning our exploration program. Research and Development Expenditures We have not incurred any research or development expenditures since our inception on November 26, 2007. Employees As of May 15, 2009, we do not have any full time or part time employees. Our sole director and officer works as part time consultant in the areas of business development and management, contributing approximately 20% of his time to us. We currently engage independent contractors in the areas of accounting, geologist services, legal, and auditing services. We intend to retain the services of independent geologists, prospectors and consultants on a contract basis to conduct the exploration programs on our Rey Lake mineral property. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We are not aware of any pending or threatened legal proceedings which involve Keyser Resources Incorporated or any of our properties. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY Our executive offices are located at 2103 61 Sherwood Circle NW, Calgary Alberta T3R 1R3 which are provided by Mr. Bidaux at no expense. We also have a mineral claim located in the Omineca Mining Division, British Columbia, Canada, and an optioned property known as the Rey Lake Property. Rey Lake Property The Rey Lake Property is located in the Nicola Mining Division of British Columbia, 45 kilometres north-west of Merritt, BC. The Property is 28 km southeast of Highland Valley Copper mine, currently one of North America’s largest copper mines. Access to the Rey Lake Property is by paved and well-maintained dirt roads from Highway 97C. The Property consists of one MTO claim, covering 474.37 hectares. Keyser Resources Inc. has the right to earn a 90% interest in the Rey Lake Property by completing specified cash payments and work commitments, as stipulated in a June 11, 2008 agreement with Bearclaw Capital Corporation. 19 Location and Means of Access The Property is located 45 km north of Merritt, BC. Access from Merritt is west via Highway 8 for 8 km, then north on Highway 97C for 25 km to the Rey Lake turnoff near Mamit Lake, then proceeding east along the Rey Lake road for 8 km to the Property. Several cattle guards have been placed along this road. There are many old roads and skidder trails that allow access to all parts of the Property. A 4-wheel drive vehicle is recommended to gain access to the lesser-maintained dirt roads and trails. Merritt is the nearest major supply centre (population 8,000) and the nearest railhead. The city of Kamloops (population 100,000), 45 km to the northeast is also a major supply centre for the mining industry. The Property lies 5 km west of the Coquihalla Highway between Merritt and Kamloops. A BC Hydro electrical transmission line cuts across the north part of the Property. The general location of the claim is shown on Map 1 below. Physiographically, the Property lies within the southern Thompson Plateau. Topography in this region consists of gentle rolling uplands. The Property, with elevations from 1,350 to 1,450 metres, consists of open forested terrain and boggy wet lands on the southeast end of Rey Lake. The area west of the Property was logged in the mid 2000s. Outcrop exposure is scarce since much of the terrain is covered by glacial drift. Road cuts and trenches provide the best rock exposures. Locally, the Property lies within a valley of low relief, centered on Rey Lake at an elevation of 1,342 m. The highest elevation within the Property is in the northeast corner at 1,448 m. Drainage is into Rey Lake, which drains northwest into Mamit Lake, which then flows south along the Guichon Creek valley into the Nicola River near Merritt. This river in turn flows northwest to join the Thompson River at the town of Spences Bridge. 20 The modified continental climate consists of warm, dry summers and cool winters. Precipitation is light and varies from 30 to 50 cm per year, most of which falls during the winter months. Surface exploration work on the Property is most favorable between April and October. Rey Lake mineral property description Three styles of copper mineralization are recognized on the Property, all of which are likely related to the Upper Cretaceous quartz monzonite stock. These are: • Disseminated in the quartz monzonite stock • Veinlets in the stock and country rocks • In a breccia zone as veinlets and disseminations in breccia fragments Pyrite is the dominant sulphide with lesser chalcopyrite and some molybdenite. Chalcopyrite occurs within quartz vein stockwork and breccia and to a lesser extent within epidote-garnet skarn. Quartz, calcite, potassium feldspar and zeolite are also present. Alteration type includes silicification, skarn and albitic-epidote±magnetite alteration. Drill core indicates contact metamorphism of the albite-epidote-hornfels facies. The volcanic rocks have been hornfelsed and chloritic alteration is wide spread with the formation of biotite. Clay-sericite alteration is associated with some of the quartz monzonite dykes. Gold values in rocks from outcrop/subcrop in the 1999 Discovery program were up to 25 ppb (fire assay method). The 2005 Southern Rio surface rocks were analyzed by Acme’s 1D method (aqua regia, ICP-ES) with gold detection limits of 2 ppm. All samples were below this limit. The gold content within drill core is unknown since gold assays were either not done or not recorded for assessment during the 1970s, 1986 and 1993 drilling programs. 21 There is no assurance that a commercially viable gold deposit exists on the claim. Exploration will be required before an evaluation as to the economic feasibility of the claim is determined. Until we can validate otherwise, the Rey Lake Property is without known reserves and we are planning a three phase exploration program as recommended by our consulting geologist. We have not commenced any exploration or other work on the claim. Conditions to Retain Title to Rey Lake mineral property On June 11, 2008, Bearclaw signed an option agreement with Keyser. This agreement allows Keyser to acquire a 90% interest in the Property by making exploration expenditures totaling $150,000 and paying $12,500 cash to Bearclaw by September 30, 2009, with the following significant details: a) an exploration expenditure of $5,000 by December 31, 2008 b) a further exploration expenditure of $25,000 by September 30, 2009 and, c) a further exploration expenditure of $120,000 by September 30, 2010 d) all work is to be filed as assessment work to the maximum amount permissible. e) $5,000 cash payment upon signing and f) a further $7,500 payment by September 30, 2009 History of the Rey Lake mineral property area Exploration has been carried out intermittently on the Rey Lake Property since the early 1970s. From 1972-1973, American Smelting and Mining Company completed an extensive program of geological mapping, geophysical surveying, road building, and trenching. The company also completed 86 percussion holes totaling 5,668 m and 17 diamond drill holes, for a total of 2684 m. From the results of this work a resource of 23 million tonnes of 0.23% Cu and 0.023% Mo was calculated (National Instrument (“NI”) 43-101 non-compliant). In 1998, Discovery staked the REY 1 to 8 claims on behalf of the Phoenix II Syndicate. A limited geochemical program of rock and soil sampling was completed the following year. In 2004 the Property was sold to Bearclaw Capital Corp., which then optioned it to Southern Rio Resources Ltd. in May 2005. They completed a geochemical program of geological mapping, soil and rock sampling. This was done in conjunction with an IP geophysical survey. Southern Rio Resources Ltd. terminated their option in 2006. On June 11, 2008, Bearclaw Capital Corp. optioned the Property to Keyser. It is the authors’ conclusion that the Rey Lake Property is a property of merit and it is recommended that further exploration be carried out on the Property. A program to identify extensions of altered mineralized rock is recommended with initial work consisting of an extensive gridded MMI soil survey with the aim of determining further drill targets. The budget for this recommended work is $36,000. Depending on the results, targets could be follow-up by a diamond drill program. If this work is successful in encountering copper-molybdenum ± gold mineralization, more drilling and investment will be required to properly evaluate the Property. 22 Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters Market Information Our common stock is not traded on any exchange. We plan to eventually seek listing on the OTC Bulletin Board, once our prospectus has been declared effective by the SEC. We cannot guarantee that we will obtain a listing. There is no trading activity in our securities and there can be no assurance that a regular trading market for our common stock will ever be developed. A market maker sponsoring a company's securities is required to obtain a listing of the securities on any of the public trading markets, including the OTC Bulletin Board. We have not yet engaged any market makers to submit an application on our behalf for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board. There is no assurance that our securities will be able to meet the requirements for a quotation or that the securities will be accepted for listing on the OTC Bulletin Board. The OTC Bulletin Board securities are not listed and traded on the floor of an organized national or regional stock exchange. Instead, OTC Bulletin Board securities transactions are conducted through a telephone and computer network connecting dealers in stocks. OTC Bulletin Board stocks are traditionally smaller companies that do not meet the financial and other listing requirements of a regional or national stock exchange. As of May 15, 2009 we have 38 holders of record of our common stock. Equity Compensation Plans We have no equity compensation program including no stock option plan and none are planned for the foreseeable future. Registration Rights We have not granted registration rights to the selling shareholders or to any other person. Dividends There are no restrictions in our articles of incorporation or bylaws that restrict us from declaring dividends. The Nevada Revised Statutes, however, do prohibit us from declaring dividends where, after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend: 1. we would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business; or 2. our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities, plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the rights of shareholders who have preferential rights superior to those receiving the distribution. We have not declared any dividends. We do not plan to declare any dividends in the foreseeable future. MANGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Results of Operations We have had no operations from our inception on November 26, 2007, through to June 11, 2008. On June 11, 2008 we signed an option agreement with Bearclaw Capital Corporation (“Bearclaw”) to acquire 90% interest in the Rey Lake Property, which is located in the Nicola Mining Division of British Columbia, 45 kilometers north-west of Merrit, British Columbia, Canada.. The agreement allows Keyser to acquire the 90% interest in the Rey Lake Property by making exploration expenditures totaling approximately $150,000 and paying $12,500 cash to Bearclaw by September 30, 2010. For the year ended December 31, 2008, we had $10,512 in expenses, $9,585 for the impairment of mineral property costs and $927 for general and administrative expenses. 23 Liquidity and Capital resources At March 31, 2009, we had a cash balance and working capital surplus of $73,513. Our stockholders’ equity was $73,513 at March 31, 2009. Our net loss of $10,512 from November 26, 2007 (date of inception) to March 31, 2009 was funded by our equity financing. From November 26, 2007 (date of inception) to December 31, 2008, we raised $84,025 in equity financing. At December 31, 2008, we had a cash balance and working capital surplus of $73,513. Our stockholders’ equity was $73,513 at December 31, 2008. On September 18, 2006 we acquired a 90% interest in a mineral claim located in British Columbia and completed our obligation to make a cash payment of $9,585. We are committed to make exploration expenditures totaling approximately $150,000 and paying $12,500 cash to Bearclaw by September 30, 2010. Over the next 12 months (beginning June 2007) we plan to spend approximately $51,150 on exploration expenditures. We used net cash of $927 in operations for the year ended December 31, 2008. We used net cash of $9,585 in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2008. Our investment activities consisted of the purchase of our mineral property interest. We anticipate that after April 2009, our monthly expenses will increase to approximately $10,000, which includes costs of exploration costs. Also, we will incur $61,000 of offering expenses. Our agreement with Bearclaw requires us to make exploration expenditures totaling approximately $150,000 by September 30, 2010. We had $73,513 in cash or cash equivalents as of December 31, 2008 and $38,846 at March 31, 2009. Of the $150,000 we require From November 26, 2007 (date of inception) to December 31, 2008 we raised net proceeds of $84,025 from the sale of common stock and stock subscriptions. We intend to raise the balance of our cash requirements of $77,000 for the next 12 months from private placements, shareholder loans or possibly a registered public offering (either self-underwritten or through a broker-dealer) within the next few months. If we are unsuccessful in raising enough money through future capital raising efforts, we may review other financing possibilities such as bank loans. At this time we do not have any commitments from any broker-dealer to provide us with financing. There are no assurances that we will be able to achieve further sales of our common stock or any other form of additional financing. If we are unable to achieve the financing necessary to continue our plan of operations, then we will not be able to continue our exploration of the Rey Lake mineral property and our business will fail. Private Placements To date, in addition to an issuance to Mr. Maurice Bidaux of 3,000,000 shares of common stock at $0.001 per share for cash proceeds of $3,000, we have raised $81,025 through two private placements completed in April 2008 and December 2008. The following table summarizes the date of offering, the price per share paid, the number of shares sold and the amount raised for these private placements. All of these issuances were made to non-US investors pursuant to exemptions contained in Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933. Closing Date of Offering Price Per Share Paid Number of Shares Sold Amount Raised April 28, 2008 $0.015 1,635,000 $24,525 December 24, 2008 $0.05 1,130,000 $56,500 Going Concern We have not attained profitable operations and are dependent upon obtaining financing to pursue any extensive exploration activities. For these reasons our auditors stated in their report that they have substantial doubt we will be able to continue as a going concern. Accounting and Audit Plan We intend to continue to have our outside consultant assist us in the preparation of our quarterly and annual financial statements and have these financial statements reviewed or audited by our independent auditor. Our outside consultant is expected to charge us approximately $800 to prepare our quarterly financial statements and approximately $800 to prepare our annual financial statements. Our independent auditor is expected to charge us approximately $1,200 to review our quarterly financial statements and approximately $5,000 to audit our annual financial statements. In the next twelve months, we anticipate spending approximately $13,000 to pay for our accounting and audit requirements. 24 Off-balance sheet arrangements We have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to stockholders. Critical Accounting Policies Our financial statements are impacted by the accounting policies used and the estimates and assumptions made by management during their preparation. A complete summary of these policies is included in Note 2 of the notes to our historical consolidated financial statements. We have identified below the accounting policies that are of particular importance in the presentation of our financial position, results of operations and cash flows and which require the application of significant judgment by management. Mineral Property Costs We have been in the exploration stage since our inception on November 26, 2007 and have not yet realized any revenues from our planned operations. We are primarily engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mining properties. Mineral property exploration costs are expensed as incurred. Mineral property acquisition costs are initially capitalized when incurred using the guidance in EITF 04-02, “ Whether Mineral Rights Are Tangible or Intangible Assets ”. We assess the carrying costs for impairment under SFAS 144, “Accounting for Impairment or Disposal of Long Lived Assets” at each fiscal quarter end. When we have been determined that a mineral property can be economically developed as a result of establishing proven and probable reserves, the costs then incurred to develop such property, are capitalized. Such costs will be amortized using the units-of-production method over the estimated life of the probable reserve. If mineral properties are subsequently abandoned or impaired, any capitalized costs will be charged to operations. QUANTITIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK We do not use derivative financial instruments in our investment portfolio and have no foreign exchange contracts. Our financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts receivable and accounts payable. 25 MANAGEMENT The sole Director and Officer currently serving our Company is as follows: Name Age Positions Held and Tenure Maurice Bidaux 39 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director The sole Director named above will serve until the next annual meeting of the stockholders. Thereafter, directors will be elected for one-year terms at the annual stockholders' meeting. Officers will hold their positions at the pleasure of the board of directors, absent any employment agreement, of which none currently exists or is contemplated. Biographical information Maurice Bidaux Mr. Maurice Bidaux has acted as our sole Director and Officer since our inception on November 26, 2007. Since January 2008, Mr. Bidaux has worked for Stirling Investor Relations in its Capital Markets Division. His duties at Stirling Investor Relations involve marketing and financing publicly traded companies. Prior to his tenure at Stirling Investor Relations, from Jan 2007 through April 2007 Mr. Bidaux worked for Exclusive Capital Corporation raising investment capital for Investicare Seniors Housing Corp. Mr. Bidaux also worked as an Investment Advisor with Octagon Capital Corporation from March 2002 through November 2006. Mr. Bidaux completed his Bachelors of Commerce from the University of Alberta, and completed his CFA Level 1, passed the Canadian Securities Course, Options Licensing Course, Derivatives, Investment Management Techniques as well as the Conduct and Practices Course all with Honors. Mr. Bidaux does not currently serve on the boards of other public companies. Significant Employees and Consultants We have no significant employees or consultants, other than Maurice Bidaux, our President. For our accounting requirements we use the consulting services of Lancaster & David, Chartered Accountants of Vancouver, Canada to assist in the preparation of our interim financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The geological report for the Rey Lake mineral property was prepared by Agnes Koffyberg P. Geo., and the summary information of the geological report disclosed in this prospectus is in reliance upon the authority and capability of Agnes Koffyberg as a Professional Geoscientist. Transactions with Related Persons, Promoters and Certain Control Persons Mr Bidaux is our sole officer, director and is a promoter of Keyser Resources Inc. Although Mr. Bidaux does not work with any other mineral exploration companies other than ours, he may in the future. We do not have any written procedures in place to address conflicts of interest that may arise between our business and the future business activities of Mr. Bidaux. Mr. Bidaux dedicates approximately 20% of his time to act as our President. The rest of Mr. Bidaux's time is principally spent running Reef Resources, Kaval Energy Services and Viacorp Technologies. None of these other companies are in the business of mineral exploration. Mr. Bidaux has not received any compensation from us since our inception. The only transaction between us and Mr. Bidaux is the sale of 3,000,000 shares of our common stock at $0.001 per share for cash proceeds of $3,000 26 Legal Proceedings None of our directors, executive officers, promoters or control persons has been involved in any of the following events during the past five years: · any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; · any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); · being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; or · being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated. Audit Committee We do not have an audit committee. The cost of hiring a financial expert to act as a director of Keyser Resources Incorporated and to be a member of the Audit Committee or otherwise perform Audit Committee functions outweighs the benefits of an audit committee. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth the ownership, as of May 15, 2009, of our common stock by our director, and by each person known to us who is the beneficial owner of more than 5% of any class of our securities. As of May 15, 2009, there were 5,765,000 common shares issued and outstanding. All persons named have sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares, except as otherwise noted. The number of shares described below includes shares which the beneficial owner described has the right to acquire within 60 days of the date of this Prospectus.. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Number of Shares Owned Beneficially Percent of Class Owned Prior To This Offering Maurice Bidaux President, Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Director 2103 Tyrone Place Penticton, British Columbia Canada, V2A 8Z2 3,000,000 51.3% All executive officers and directors as a group 3,000,000 51.3% The percent of class is based on 5,765,000 of common stock issued and outstanding as of May 15, 2009. Changes in Control There are currently no arrangements which would result in a change in control of Keyser Resources Incorporated. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Since our inception (November 26, 2007), we have not paid Maurice Bidaux any compensation for his services as director. We did record as an expense $500 a month as donated services from Mr. Bidaux for his services as an officer. 27 Stock Option Grants We have not granted any stock options to the executive officers since our inception on November 26, 2007. Employment Agreements Currently, we do not have an employment agreement or consulting agreement with Mr. Bidaux and we do not pay any salary to him. There is an understanding between our company and Mr. Bidaux that he will work for us at no cost. He will not be compensated for past, current, or future work. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE The accounting firm of Moore & Associates, Chartered audited our consolidated financial statements for the period ending December 31, 2008. Since inception, we have had no changes in or disagreements with our accountants. Financial Statements We will provide audited financial statements to our stockholders on an annual basis. Our audited financial statements as of December 31, 2008 and unaudited financial statements as of March 31, 2009 follow as pages F-1 through F- 15. 28 Keyser Resources Inc. Index Audited Financial Statements for the Years Ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F–2 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2008 and 2007 F–3 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 F–4 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 F–5 Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 F–6 Notes to the Financial Statements F–7 Unaudited Financial Statements for the Three Month Periods Ended March 31, 2008 and 2007 Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008 F–12 Statements of Operations for the three-month periods ended March31, 2009 and 2008 F–13 Statements of Cash Flows for the three-month periods ended March31, 2009 and 2008 F–14 Notes to the Financial Statements F–15 F-1 MOORE & ASSOCIATES, CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS AND ADVISORS PCAOB REGISTERED REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors Keyser Resources Inc. (An Exploration Stage Company) We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Keyser Resources Inc. (An Exploration Stage Company) as of December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, and the related statements of operations, stockholders’ equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2008 and the period since inception November 26, 2007 through December 31, 2007 and since inception on November 26, 2007 through December 31, 2008. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conduct our audits in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Keyser Resources Inc. (An Exploration Stage Company) as of December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, and the related statements of operations, stockholders’ equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2008 and the period since inception November 26, 2007 through December 31, 2007 and since inception on November 26, 2007 through December 31, 2008, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has accumulated losses of $10,512 since inception, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans concerning these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. /s/ Moore & Associates, Chartered Moore & Associates, Chartered Las Vegas, Nevada April 2, 2009 6490 West Desert Inn Rd, Las Vegas, NV 89146 (702) 253-7499 Fax (702) 253-7501 F-2 Keyser Resources Inc. (An Exploration Stage Company) Balance Sheets (Expressed in US dollars) December 31, 2008 December 31, 2007 ASSETS Current Assets Cash 73,513 – Total Assets 73,513 – LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Total Liabilities – – Contingencies and Commitments (Note 1) Stockholders’ Equity Common stock, 75,000,000 shares authorized, $0.001 par value; 5,765,000 shares issued and outstanding 5,765 – Additional paid-in capital 78,260 – Deficit accumulated during the exploration stage (10,512 ) – Total Stockholders’ Equity 73,513 – Total Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity 73,513 – (The Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part of These Financial Statements) F-3 Keyser Resources Inc. (An Exploration Stage Company) Statements of Cash Flows For the Period from November 26, 2007 (Date of Inception) to December 31, 2008 (Expressed in US dollars) Accumulated from For the Year Ended For the Year Ended November 26, 2007 (Date of Inception) December 31, December 31, to December 31, 2008 2007 2008 Revenue – – – Expenses General and administrative 927 – 927 Impairment of mineral property costs 9,585 – 9,585 Total Expenses 10,512 – 10,512 Provision for Income Tax – – – Net Loss for the Period (10,512 ) – (10,512 ) Net Loss Per Share – Basic and Diluted – – Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding 3,969,000 – (The Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part of These Financial Statements) F-4 Keyser Resources Inc. (An Exploration Stage Company) Statements of Cash Flows For the Period from November 26, 2007 (Date of Inception) to December 31, 2008 (Expressed in US dollars) For the Year Ended December 31, 2008 For the Year Ended December 31, 2007 Accumulated from November 26, 2007 (Date of Inception) to December 31, 2008 Operating Activities Net loss for the period (10,512 ) – (10,512 ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Impairment of mineral property costs 9,585 – 9,585 Net Cash Used In Operating Activities (927 ) – (927 ) Investing Activities Mineral property costs (9,585 ) – (9,585 ) Net Cash Used In Investing Activities (9,585 ) – (9,585 ) Financing Activities Proceeds from sale of common stock 84,025 – 84,025 Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities 84,025 – 84,025 Increase in Cash 73,513 – 73,513 Cash - Beginning of Period – – – Cash - End of Period 73,513 – 73,513 Supplemental Disclosures Interest paid – – – Income taxes paid – – – (The Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part of These Financial Statements) F-5 Keyser Resources Inc. (An Exploration Stage Company) Statements of Cash Flows For the Period from November 26, 2007 (Date of Inception) to December 31, 2008 (Expressed in US dollars) Deficit Accumulated Additional During the Common Stock Paid-in Exploration Shares Par Value Capital Stage Total Balance – November 26, 2007 (Date of Inception) – – – – – Net loss for the period – – – – – Balance – December 31, 2007 – – – – – Common shares issued for cash in private placement: at $0.001 per share on January 19, 2008 3,000,000 3,000 – – 3,000 at $0.015 per share on April 28, 2008 1,635,000 1,635 22,890 – 24,525 at $0.05 per share on December 24, 2008 1,130,000 1,130 55,370 – 56,500 Net loss for the year – – – (10,512 ) (10,512 ) Balance – December 31, 2008 5,765,000 5,765 78,260 (10,512 ) 73,513 (The Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part of These Financial Statements) F-6 Keyser Resources Inc. (An Exploration Stage Company) Notes to the Financial Statements December 31, 2008 (Expressed in US dollars) 1. Nature of Operations and Continuance of Business Keyser Resources Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on November 26, 2007. The Company is an Exploration Stage Company as defined by Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (“SFAS”) No. 7, “Accounting and Reporting for Development Stage Enterprises”. The Company has acquired a mineral property located in the province of British Columbia, Canada, and has not yet determined whether this property contains reserves that are economically recoverable. These financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which implies the Company will continue to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has not generated any revenue since inception and has never paid any dividends and is unlikely to pay dividends or generate earnings in the immediate or foreseeable future. The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from its shareholders, the ability of the Company to obtain necessary equity financing to continue operations, and the attainment of profitable operations. As at December 31, 2008, the Company has working capital of $73,513 and has accumulated losses of $10,512 since inception. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies a) Basis of Presentation These financial statements and related notes are presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, and are expressed in US dollars. The Company’s fiscal year-end is December 31. b) Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company regularly evaluates estimates and assumptions related to the recoverability of mineral property costs and deferred income tax asset valuation allowances. The Company bases its estimates and assumptions on current facts, historical experience and various other factors that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. The actual results experienced by the Company may differ materially and adversely from the Company’s estimates. To the extent there are material differences between the estimates and the actual results, future results of operations will be affected. c) Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all highly liquid instruments with maturity of three months or less at the time of issuance to be cash equivalents. d) Earnings (Loss) Per Share The Company computes net earnings (loss) per share in accordance with SFAS No. 128, "Earnings per Share". SFAS No. 128 requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share (“EPS”) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net earnings (loss) available to common shareholders (numerator) by the weighted average number of shares outstanding (denominator) during the period. Diluted EPS gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method and convertible preferred stock using the if-converted method. In computing diluted EPS, the average stock price for the period is used in determining the number of shares assumed to be purchased from the exercise of stock options or warrants. Diluted EPS excludes all dilutive potential shares if their effect is anti dilutive. e) Revenue recognition The company recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, services have been rendered, the sales price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. F-7 Keyser Resources Inc. (An Exploration Stage Company) Notes to the Financial Statements December 31, 2008 (Expressed in US dollars) 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) f) Advertising Costs The Company’s policy regarding advertising is to expense advertising when incurred. The Company had not incurred any advertising expense as of December 31, 2008. g) Comprehensive Loss SFAS No. 130, “Reporting Comprehensive Income,” establishes standards for the reporting and display of comprehensive loss and its components in the financial statements. As at December 31, 2008 and 2007, the Company has no items that represent a comprehensive loss and, therefore, has not included a schedule of comprehensive loss in the financial statements. h) Mineral Property Costs The Company has been in the exploration stage since its inception and has not yet realized any revenues from its planned operations. It is primarily engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mining properties. Mineral property exploration costs are expensed as incurred. Mineral property acquisition costs are initially capitalized when incurred using the guidance in EITF 04-02, “Whether Mineral Rights Are Tangible or Intangible Assets”. The Company assesses the carrying costs for impairment under SFAS No. 144, “Accounting for Impairment or Disposal of Long Lived Assets” at each fiscal quarter end. When it has been determined that a mineral property can be economically developed as a result of establishing proven and probable reserves, the costs then incurred to develop such property, are capitalized. Such costs will be amortized using the units-of-production method over the estimated life of the probable reserve. If mineral properties are subsequently abandoned or impaired, any capitalized costs will be charged to operations. i) Long-lived Assets In accordance with SFAS No. 144, “Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets”, the Company tests long-lived assets or asset groups for recoverability when events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. Circumstances which could trigger a review include, but are not limited to: significant decreases in the market price of the asset; significant adverse changes in the business climate or legal factors; accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition or construction of the asset; current period cash flow or operating losses combined with a history of losses or a forecast of continuing losses associated with the use of the asset; and current expectation that the asset will more likely than not be sold or disposed significantly before the end of its estimated useful life. Recoverability is assessed based on the carrying amount of the asset and its fair value which is generally determined based on the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and the eventual disposal of the asset, as well as specific appraisal in certain instances. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount is not recoverable and exceeds fair value. j) Asset Retirement Obligations The Company follows the provisions of SFAS No. 143, "Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations," which establishes standards for the initial measurement and subsequent accounting for obligations associated with the sale, abandonment or other disposal of long-lived tangible assets arising from the acquisition, construction or development and for normal operations of such assets. As at December 31, 2008, the Company has not recognized any asset retirement obligations. k) Financial Instruments The fair value of the financial instrument, cash, was estimated to approximate the carrying value due to the immediate or short-term maturity of the financial instrument. The Company’s operations are in Canada, which results in exposure to market risks from changes in foreign currency rates. The financial risk is the risk to the Company’s operations that arise from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and the degree of volatility of these rates. Currently, the Company does not use derivative instruments to reduce its exposure to foreign currency risk. l) Income Taxes The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method in accordance with SFAS No. 109, “Accounting for Income Taxes”. The asset and liability method provides that deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and for operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the currently enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed more likely than not to be realized. F-8 Keyser Resources Inc. (An Exploration Stage Company) Notes to the Financial Statements December 31, 2008 (Expressed in US dollars) 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) m) Foreign Currency Translation The Company’s functional and reporting currency is the United States dollar. Occasional transactions may occur in Canadian dollars and management has adopted SFAS No. 52 “Foreign Currency Translation”. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated using the exchange rate prevailing at the balance sheet date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at rates of exchange in effect at the date of the transaction. Average monthly rates are used to translate revenues and expenses. Gains and losses arising on translation or settlement of foreign currency denominated transactions or balances are included in the determination of income. n) Stock-based Compensation The Company records stock-based compensation in accordance with SFAS No. 123R, “Share Based Payments”, using the fair value method. All transactions in which goods or services are the consideration received for the issuance of equity instruments are accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. o) Recent Accounting Pronouncements In June 2008, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued FASB Staff Position EITF 03-6-1, “Determining Whether Instruments Granted in Share-Based Payment Transactions Are Participating Securities”. FSP EITF 03-6-1 addresses whether instruments granted in share-based payment transactions are participating securities prior to vesting, and therefore need to be included in the computation of earnings per share under the two-class method as described in FASB Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 128, “Earnings per Share.” FSP EITF 03-6-1 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning on or after December 15, 2008 and earlier adoption is prohibited. The adoption of this statement is not expected to have a material effect on the Company’s financial statements. In May 2008, the FASB issued SFAS No. 163, “Accounting for Financial Guarantee Insurance Contracts – An interpretation of FASB Statement No. 60”. SFAS No. 163 requires that an insurance enterprise recognize a claim liability prior to an event of default when there is evidence that credit deterioration has occurred in an insured financial obligation. It also clarifies how Statement 60 applies to financial guarantee insurance contracts, including the recognition and measurement to be used to account for premium revenue and claim liabilities, and requires expanded disclosures about financial guarantee insurance contracts. It is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2008, except for some disclosures about the insurance enterprise’s risk-management activities. SFAS No. 163 requires that disclosures about the risk-management activities of the insurance enterprise be effective for the first period beginning after issuance. Except for those disclosures, earlier application is not permitted. The adoption of this statement is not expected to have a material effect on the Company’s financial statements. In May 2008, the FASB issued SFAS No. 162, “The Hierarchy of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles”. SFAS No. 162 identifies the sources of accounting principles and the framework for selecting the principles to be used in the preparation of financial statements of nongovernmental entities that are presented in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. It is effective 60 days following the SEC’s approval of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board amendments to AU Section 411, “The Meaning of Present Fairly in Conformity With Generally Accepted Accounting Principles”. The adoption of this statement is not expected to have a material effect on the Company’s financial statements. In March 2008, the FASB issued SFAS No. 161, “Disclosures about Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities – an amendment to FASB Statement No. 133”. SFAS No. 161 is intended to improve financial standards for derivative instruments and hedging activities by requiring enhanced disclosures to enable investors to better understand their effects on an entity's financial position, financial performance, and cash flows. Entities are required to provide enhanced disclosures about: (a) how and why an entity uses derivative instruments; (b) how derivative instruments and related hedged items are accounted for under SFAS No. 133 and its related interpretations; and (c) how derivative instruments and related hedged items affect an entity’s financial position, financial performance, and cash flows. SFAS No. 161 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2008, with early adoption encouraged. The adoption of this statement is not expected to have a material effect on the Company's financial statements. F-9 Keyser Resources Inc. (An Exploration Stage Company) Notes to the Financial Statements December 31, 2008 (Expressed in US dollars) 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) o) Recent Accounting Pronouncements (continued) In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141 (revised 2007), “Business Combinations”. SFAS No. 141 (revised 2007) establishes principles and requirements for how the acquirer of a business recognizes and measures in its financial statements the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any non-controlling interest in the acquiree. The statement also provides guidance for recognizing and measuring the goodwill acquired in the business combination and determines what information to disclose to enable users of the financial statements to evaluate the nature and financial effects of the business combination. SFAS No. 141 (revised 2007) applies prospectively to business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of the first annual reporting period beginning on or after December 15, 2008. The adoption of this statement is not expected to have a material effect on the Company's financial statements. In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 160, “Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements Liabilities – an Amendment of ARB No. 51”. This statement amends ARB 51 to establish accounting and reporting standards for the Noncontrolling interest in a subsidiary and for the deconsolidation of a subsidiary. This statement is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning on or after December 15, 2008, and earlier adoption is prohibited. The adoption of this statement is not expected to have a material effect on the Company’s financial statements. 3. Mineral Property On June 11, 2008, the Company entered into an agreement with Bearclaw Capital Corp. (“Bearclaw”) to acquire a 90% interest in certain mineral claims located in British Columbia, Canada by making exploration expenditures totalling CDN$150,000 and paying CDN$12,500 by September 30, 2010 as follows: a) Expenditures: i. CDN$5,000 (paid) by December 31, 2008; ii. CDN$25,000 by September 30, 2009, and; iii. CDN$120,000 by September 30, 2010. b) Cash: i. CDN$5,000 on the signing of the agreement (paid), and; ii. CDN$7,500 by September 30, 2009. Upon fulfilling the above obligations, the Company will have earned a 90% interest in the property. Bearclaw’s 10% interest is a fully carried interest through to production. The cost of the mineral property was initially capitalized. As at December 31, 2008, the Company recognized an impairment loss of $9,585, as it had not yet been determined whether there are proven or probable reserves on the property. 4. Common Stock a) On January 19, 2008, the Company issued 3,000,000 shares of common stock at $0.001 per share for cash proceeds of $3,000. b) On April 28, 2008, the Company issued 1,635,000 shares of common stock at $0.015 per share for cash proceeds of $24,525. c) On December 24, 2008, the Company issued 1,130,000 shares of common stock at $0.05 per share for cash proceeds of $56,500. F-10 Keyser Resources Inc. (An Exploration Stage Company) Notes to the Financial Statements December 31, 2008 (Expressed in US dollars) 5. Income Taxes The Company has a net operating loss carry-forward of approximately $10,500 available to offset taxable income in future years which commence expiring in fiscal 2028. The Company is subject to United States income taxes at a rate of 35%. The reconciliation of the provision for income taxes at the United States statutory rate compared to the Company’s income tax expense as reported is as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2008 Year Ended December 31, 2007 Income tax recovery at statutory rate 3,679 – Valuation allowance change (3,679 ) – Provision for income taxes – – The significant components of deferred income tax assets and liabilities as at December 31, 2008 and 2007 are as follows: December 31, 2008 December 31, 2007 Net operating losses carried forward 3,679 – Valuation allowance (3,679 ) – Net deferred income tax asset – – F-11 Keyser Resources Inc. (An Exploration Stage Company) Balance Sheets (Expressed in US dollars) March 31, 2009 December 31, 2008 (Unaudited) ASSETS Current Assets Cash 38,846 73,513 Total Assets 38,846 73,513 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Current Liabilities Accrued liabilities 26,575 – Total Liabilities 26,575 – Contingencies and Commitments (Note 1 and 4) Stockholders’ Equity Common stock, 75,000,000 shares authorized, $0.001 par value; 5,765,000 shares issued and outstanding 5,765 5,765 Additional paid-in capital 78,260 78,260 Deficit accumulated during the exploration stage (71,754 ) (10,512 ) Total Stockholders’ Equity 12,271 73,513 Total Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity 38,846 73,513 F-12 Keyser Resources Inc. (An Exploration Stage Company) Statements of Operations (Expressed in US dollars) (Unaudited) For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2009 For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2008 Accumulated from November 26, 2007 (Date of Inception) to March 31, 2009 Revenue – – – Expenses General and administrative 57,001 660 57,928 Impairment of mineral property costs (Note 3) 4,241 – 13,826 Total Expenses 61,242 660 71,754 Provision for Income Tax – – – Net Loss for the Period (61,242 ) (660 ) (71,754 ) Net Loss Per Share – Basic and Diluted (0.01 ) – Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding 5,765,000 2,374,000 F-13 Keyser Resources Inc. (An Exploration Stage Company) Statements of Cash Flows (Expressed in US dollars) (Unaudited) For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2009 For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2008 Accumulated from November 26, 2007 (Date of Inception) to March 31, 2009 Operating Activities Net loss for the period (61,242 ) (660 ) (71,754 ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Impairment of mineral property costs 4,241 – 13,826 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accrued liabilities 26,575 – 26,575 Due to related party – 652 – Net Cash Used In Operating Activities (30,426 ) (8 ) (31,353 ) Investing Activities Mineral property costs (4,241 ) – (13,826 ) Net Cash Used In Investing Activities (4,241 ) – (13,826 ) Financing Activities Proceeds from sale of common stock – 3,000 84,025 Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities – 3,000 84,025 (Decrease) increase in Cash (34,667 ) 2,992 38,846 Cash - Beginning of Period 73,513 – – Cash - End of Period 38,846 2,992 38,846 Supplemental Disclosures Interest paid – – – Income taxes paid – – – F-14 6. Nature of Operations and Continuance of Business Keyser Resources Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on November 26, 2007. The Company is an Exploration Stage Company as defined by Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (“SFAS”) No. 7, “Accounting and Reporting for Development Stage Enterprises”. The Company has acquired a mineral property located in the province of British Columbia, Canada, and has not yet determined whether this property contains reserves that are economically recoverable. These financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which implies the Company will continue to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has not generated any revenue since inception and has never paid any dividends and is unlikely to pay dividends or generate earnings in the immediate or foreseeable future. The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from its shareholders, the ability of the Company to obtain necessary equity financing to continue operations, and the attainment of profitable operations. As at March 31, 2009, the Company has accumulated losses of $71,754 since inception. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 7. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies p) Basis of Presentation These financial statements and related notes are presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, and are expressed in US dollars. The Company’s fiscal year-end is December 31. q) Interim Financial Statements The unaudited financial statements as of March 31, 2009 and for the three months ended March 31, 2009 and 2008, and for the period November 26, 2007 (inception) to March 31, 2009 have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States for interim financial information and with instructions to Form 10-QSB. In the opinion of management, the unaudited financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the annual financial statements and reflect all adjustments, which include only normal recurring adjustments, necessary to present fairly the financial position as of March 31, 2009 and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods ended March 31, 2009 and 2008, and for the period November 26, 2007 (inception) to March 31, 2009. The financial data and other information disclosed in these notes to the interim financial statements related to these periods are unaudited. The results for the three month period ended March 31, 2009 is not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any subsequent quarter of the entire year ending December 31, 2009. The balance sheet at December 31, 2008 has been derived from the audited financial statements at that date. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States have been condensed or omitted pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and regulations. These unaudited financial statements should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2008 as included in our Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 8. Mineral Property On June 11, 2008, the Company entered into an agreement with Bearclaw Capital Corp. (“Bearclaw”) to acquire a 90% interest in certain mineral claims located in British Columbia, Canada by making exploration expenditures totalling CDN$150,000 and paying CDN$12,500 by September 30, 2010 as follows: a) Expenditures: iv. CDN$5,000 (paid) by December 31, 2008; v. CDN$25,000 by September 30, 2009, and; vi. CDN$120,000 by September 30, 2010. b) Cash: iii. CDN$5,000 on the signing of the agreement (paid), and; iv. CDN$7,500 by September 30, 2009. Upon fulfilling the above obligations, the Company will have earned a 90% interest in the property. Bearclaw’s 10% interest is a fully carried interest through to production. The cost of the mineral property was initially capitalized. As at March 31, 2009, the Company recognized an impairment loss of $13,826, as it had not yet been determined whether there are proven or probable reserves on the property. 9. Commitment On February 11, 2009, the Company entered into an agreement with an attorney to pay $25,000 (paid) in legal fees relating to the preparation and filing of a Form S-1 Registration Statement, and is obligated to pay an additional $25,000 in legal fees once the Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. F-15 PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS ITEM 13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. The following table sets forth a list of the registrant’s expenses in connection with the issuance and distribution of the securities being registered hereby: Amount SEC registration fee $ 8 Legal expenses $ 50,000 Accounting expenses* $ 10,000 Printing expenses* $ 500 Miscellaneous expenses* $ 500 Total* $ 61,008 * Estimated ITEM 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers. Sections 78.7502 and 78.751 of the Nevada Revised Statutes provide us with the power to indemnify any of our directors and officers. The director or officer must have conducted himself/herself in good faith and reasonably believe that his/her conduct was in, or not opposed to, our best interests. In a criminal action, the director or officer must not have had reasonable cause to believe his/her conduct was unlawful. Under Section 78.751 of the Nevada Revised Statutes, advances for expenses may be made by agreement if the director or officer affirms in writing that he/she believes he/she has met the standards and will personally repay the expenses if it is determined the officer or director did not meet the standards. Our bylaws include an indemnification provision under which we have the power to indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted under Nevada law, our current and former directors and officers, or any person who serves or served at our request for our benefit as a director or officer of another corporation or our representative in a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against all expenses, liability and loss reasonably incurred by reason of being or having been a director, officer or representative of ours or any of our subsidiaries. We may make advances for expenses upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the director or officer to repay the amount if it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that he/she is not entitled to be indemnified by us. In addition, our by-laws provide that we must indemnify our directors and officers and we must advance expenses, including attorneys’ fees, to our directors and officers in connection with legal proceedings, subject to very limited exceptions. We intend to purchase insurance on behalf of our respective directors and officers against certain liabilities that may be asserted against, or incurred by, such persons in their capacities as our directors or officers, or that may arise out of their status as our directors or officers, including liabilities under the federal and state securities laws. ITEM 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. To date, in addition to an issuance to Mr. Maurice Bidaux of 3,000,000 shares of common stock at $0.001 per share for cash proceeds of $3,000, we have raised $81,025 through two private placements completed in April 2008 and December 2008. The following table summarizes the date of offering, the price per share paid, the number of shares sold and the amount raised for these private placements. All of these issuances were made to non-US investors pursuant to exemptions contained in Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933. Closing Date of Offering Price Per Share Paid Number of Shares Sold Amount Raised April 28, 2008 $0.015 1,635,000 $24,525 December 24, 2008 $0.05 1,130,000 $56,500 II-1 ITEM 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. Exhibit No. Exhibit Description 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of Keyser Resources Incorporated. 3.2 By-laws of Keyser Resources Incorporated. 5.1 Opinion of Sichenzia Ross Friedman Ference 10.1 Declaration of Trust 10.2 Option Agreement with Bearclaw Capital Corporation 23.1 Consent of Moore & Associates, Chartered ITEM 17. Undertakings. The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; and (iii) To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement. (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (4) That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser: (a) If the Company is relying on Rule 430B: i. Each prospectus filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and ii. Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by section 10(a) of the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof; provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such effective date; or (b) If the Company is subject to Rule 430C: Each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness; provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use.. II-2 (5) That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution of securities: The undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer and sell such securities to the purchaser: (i) any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) the portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (6) Insofar as Indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provision, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question of whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. II-3 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Registration Statement on Form S-1 to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on May 28, 2009. KEYSER RESOURCES INCORPORATED By: /s/ Maurice Bidaux Name: Maurice Bidaux Title: President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer II-4
