S-1 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 J.H. MILLER PICTURE FRAMING CO., INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) NEVADA (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization 7699 (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number 04-2882947 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 305 Bridge Street, Springfield, MA 01103; 413-732-9128 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) 305 Bridge Street, Springfield, MA 01103; 413-732-9128 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent of service) Copies of communications to: Gary B. Wolff, Esq. Gary B. Wolff, P.C. 488 Madison Avenue, Suite 1100 New York, New York 10022 212-644-6446 From time to time after the effective date of this Registration Statement (Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public) If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933 check the following box: X . If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. . If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. . If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. . Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer,” and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check One): Large accelerated filer . Accelerated filer . Non-accelerated filer . Smaller reporting company X . (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of Each Class Of Securities To Be Registered Amount To Be Registered Proposed Maximum Offering Price Per Share 1 Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price 1 Amount of Registration Fee Common stock, $ .001 par value per share 1,200,000 shares $ .01 $ 12,000 $ 0.67 The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to Section 8(a), may determine. _____________________________ 1 The offering price is the stated, fixed price of $0.01 per share until the securities are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board for the purpose of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457. This amount is only for purposes of determining the registration fee, the actual amount received by a selling shareholder will be based upon fluctuating market prices once the securities are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. 2 The information contained in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed. These securities may not be sold until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This preliminary prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. Subject to completion __, 2009 1,200,000 SHARES COMMON STOCK J. H. MILLER PICTURE FRAMING CO., INC. J. H. Miller Picture Framing Co., Inc. is offering on a best-efforts basis a minimum of 400,000 and a maximum of 1,200,000 shares of its common stock at a price of $0.01 per share. The shares are intended to be sold directly through the efforts of James Hutchinson, our president. The intended methods of communication with potential investors include, without limitation, telephone and personal contacts. For more information, see the section of this prospectus entitled "Plan of Distribution." The proceeds from the sale of the shares in this offering will be payable to Gary B. Wolff, P.C. - Escrow Account. All subscription funds will be held in a noninterest-bearing Account pending the achievement of the Minimum Offering, and no funds shall be released to J. H. Miller Picture Framing Co., Inc. until such a time as the minimum proceeds are raised. If the minimum offering is not achieved within 180 days of the date of this prospectus, all subscription funds will be returned to investors promptly without interest or deduction of fees. The Company shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to extend the initial offering period an additional 180 days. Neither the Company nor any subscriber shall receive interest no matter how long subscriber funds might be held. For more information, see the section of this prospectus entitled "Plan of Distribution." The offering may terminate on the earlier of: (i) the date when the sale of all 1,200,000 shares is completed, (ii) anytime after the minimum offering of 400,000 shares of common stock is achieved, or (iii) 180 days from the effective date of this document or any extension thereto. There is currently no public or established market for our shares. Consequently, our shareholders will not be able to sell their shares in an y organized market place and may be limited to selling their shares privately. Accordingly, an investment in our Company is an illiquid investment. THIS INVESTMENT INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. YOU SHOULD PURCHASE ONLY IF YOU CAN AFFORD A COMPLETE LOSS OF YOUR INVESTMENT. SEE "RISK FACTORS" BEGINNING ON PAGE 5. 3 Number of Shares Offering Price Underwriting Discounts & Commissions Proceeds to the Company Per Share 1 $0.01 $0.00 $0.01 Minimum 400,000 $4,000 $0.00 $4,000 Maximum 1,200,000 $12,000 $0.00 $12,000 This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities, and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of the prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of this prospectus is ___, 2009. 4 PROSPECTUS SUMMARY About J. H. Miller Picture Framing Co., Inc. J. H. Miller Picture Framing Co., Inc. was founded as a family business in 1890 and was a partnership under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. It incorporated in Nevada in February 2009. J. H. Miller Picture Framing Co., Inc. is a custom framer of artwork, photographs and a wide variety of memorabilia. J. H. Miller Picture Framing Co., Inc. incurred operating losses in 2008 and 2007, has limited financial resources and has not established or attempted to establish a source of equity or debt financing. Our auditors included an explanatory paragraph in their opinion on our financial statements as of December 31, 2008 that states that our lack of resources causes substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No assurances can be given that we will generate sufficient revenue or obtain necessary financing to continue as a going concern. Our executive offices are located at 305 Bridge Street, Springfield, MA 01103, and our telephone number is 413-732-9128. We may refer to ourselves in this prospectus as "JHM,” the “Company,” "we," or "us." The Offering JHM is offering, on a best efforts, self-underwritten basis, a minimum of 400,000 and a maximum of 1,200,000 shares of its common stock at a price of $0.01 per share. The proceeds from the sale of the shares in this offering will be payable to the Gary B. Wolff, P.C. - Escrow Account. JHM’s escrow agent, Gary B. Wolff, P.C., acts as legal counsel for JHM and, therefore, may not be considered an independent third party. All subscription agreements and checks are irrevocable and should be delivered to Gary B. Wolff, P.C. at the address provided on the Subscription Agreement. All subscription funds will be held in a noninterest-bearing account pending the achievement of the Minimum Offering, and no funds shall be released to JHM until such a time as the minimum proceeds are raised. If the minimum offering is not achieved within 180 days of the date of this prospectus, all subscription funds will be returned to investors promptly without interest or deduction of fees unless the offering is extended. The Company shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to extend the initial offering period for an additional 180 days. Neither the Company nor any subscriber shall receive interest no matter how long subscriber funds might be held. Any additional proceeds received after the minimum offering is achieved will be immediately released to the Company. The offering may terminate on the earlier of: (i) the date when the sale of all 1,200,000 shares is completed, (ii) anytime after the minimum offering of 400,000 shares of common stock is achieved, or (iii) 180 days from the effective date of this document or any extension thereto. If the Minimum Offering is not achieved within 180 days of the date of this prospectus, all subscription funds will be returned to investors promptly without interest or deduction of fees unless the Company extends the offering period an additional 180 days. The Company will deliver stock certificates attributable to shares of common stock purchased directly to the purchasers within 90 days of the close of the offering or as soon thereafter as practicable. The offering price of the common stock has been determined arbitrarily and bears no relationship to any objective criterion of value. The price does not bear any relationship to our assets, book value, historical earnings or net worth. 5 Shares of common stock offered by us Maximum of 1,200,000 shares Use of proceeds JHM will apply the proceeds from the offering to pay for professional fees and other general expenses. Risk factors The purchase of our common stock involves a high degree of risk. The common stock offered in this prospectus is for investment purposes only and currently no market for our common stock exists. Please refer to the sections entitled "Risk Factors" and "Dilution" before making an investment in this stock. Trading Market None. While a market maker has agreed to file a Rule 211 application with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) in order to apply for the inclusion of our common stock in the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board (“OTCBB”), such efforts may not be successful and our shares may never be quoted and owners of our common stock may not have a market in which to sell the shares. Also, no estimate may be given as to the time that this application process will require . SUMMARY FINANCIAL DATA The following summary financial data should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this prospectus. Balance Sheet Data: December 31, 2008 2007 Current assets $ 4,474 $ 2,989 Current liabilities $ 11,786 $ 90 Stockholders’ equity (deficit) $ (7,312) $ 2,899 Income Data: Year Ended December 31, 2008 2007 Net revenues $ 110,331 $ !03,703 Operating expenses $ 143,342 $ 128,263 Net loss $ (32,011) $ (24,560) Net loss per common share - basic and diluted $ (0.00) $ (0.00) Weighted average number of shares outstanding – basic and diluted 9,000,000 9,000,000 JHM was founded as a family business in 1890 and was a partnership under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. It incorporated in Nevada in February 2009. All financial data has been prepared as if the capital structure adopted as part of becoming a Nevada corporation had been in place from the Company’s inception. RISK FACTORS You should be aware that there are various risks to an investment in our common stock. You should carefully consider these risk factors, together with all of the other information included in this prospectus, before you decide to invest in shares of our common stock. If any of the following risks develop into actual events, then our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects could be materially adversely affected. If that happens, the market price of our common stock, if any, could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 6 Risks Related to the Business 1. Our auditors included an explanatory paragraph in their opinion on our financial statements as of December 31, 2008 that states that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We incurred operating losses in 2008 and 2007, have limited financial resources and have not established or attempted to establish a source of equity or debt financing. Our auditors included an explanatory paragraph in their opinion on our financial statements as of December 31, 2008 that states that our lack of resources causes substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No assurances can be given that we will generate sufficient revenue or obtain necessary financing to continue as a going concern. 2. JHM is and will continue to be completely dependent on the services of our president, James Hutchinson, and vice president, Robert Hutchinson, the loss of whose services may cause our business operations to cease. JHM ’s operations and business strategy are completely dependent upon the knowledge and reputations of James Hutchinson and Robert Hutchinson. Neither individual is under any contractual obligation to remain employed by us. If either should choose to leave us for any reason or if one or both become ill and unable to work for an extended period of time before we have hired additional personnel, our operations will likely fail. Even if we are able to find additional personnel, it is unlikely that we could find someone who could develop our business along the lines described in this prospectus. We will fail without the services of James Hutchinson and/or Robert Hutchinson or an appropriate replacement(s). We intend to acquire key-man life insurance on the life of Mr. James Hutchinson naming us as the beneficiary when and if we obtain the resources to do so and he remains insurable. We have not yet procured such insurance, and there is no guarantee that we will be able to obtain such insurance in the future. Accordingly, it is important that we are able to attract, motivate and retain highly qualified and talented personnel and independent contractors. 3. We sell an item that many consumers consider to be a discretionary luxury purchase. The level of consumer demand for discretionary luxury purchases is severely impacted in times of economic recessions. We sell custom frames for artwork and memorabilia, which is a type of product that many consumers consider to be a discretionary luxury purchase. The level of consumer demand for discretionary luxury purchases is severely impacted in times of economic recessions. Consumers may decide to purchase standard “on the shelf” frames from retailers or forgo purchases of frames entirely. We cannot predict the impact that the current economic recession will have on the demand for our products. 4. Most of our competitors, which include large national chains, have significantly greater financial and marketing resources than do we. Most of our competitors, which include large national chains like Michael’s, have significantly greater financial and marketing resources than do we. Many have sophisticated Websites and the ability to advertise in a wide variety of media. We principally depend on word of mouth and repeat business. There are no assurances that our approach will be successful. 5. James Hutchinson, our chief executive officer, chief financial officer and Principal accounting officer has no meaningful accounting or financial reporting education or experience and, accordingly, our ability to meet Exchange Act reporting requirements on a timely basis will be dependent to a significant degree upon others. James Hutchinson has no meaningful financial reporting education or experience. He is and will be heavily dependent on advisors and consultants. As such, there is risk about our ability to comply with all financial reporting requirements accurately and on a timely basis. 7 6. We intend to become subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that will require us to incur audit fees and legal fees in connection with the preparation of such reports. These additional costs could reduce or eliminate our ability to earn a profit. Following the effective date of our registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, we will be required to file periodic reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. In order to comply with these requirements, our independent registered public accounting firm will have to review our financial statements on a quarterly basis and audit our financial statements on an annual basis. Moreover, our legal counsel will have to review and assist in the preparation of such reports. The costs charged by these professionals for such services cannot be accurately predicted at this time because factors such as the number and type of transactions that we engage in and the complexity of our reports cannot be determined at this time and will have a major affect on the amount of time to be spent by our auditors and attorneys. However, the incurrence of suc h costs will obviously be an expense to our operations and thus have a negative effect on our ability to meet our overhead requirements and earn a profit. We may be exposed to potential risks resulting from any new requirements under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our common stock, if a market ever develops, could drop significantly. Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended by SEC Release 33-8934 on June 26, 2008 , we will be required, beginning with our year ending December 31, 2009, to include in our annual report our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Furthermore, in the following year, our independent registered public accounting firm will be required to report separately on whether it believes that we have maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting. We have not yet commenced any formal assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. We expect to incur additional expenses and diversion of management’s time as a result of performing the system and process evaluation, testing and remediation required in order to comply with the management certification and auditor attestation requirements. We do not have a sufficient number of employees to segregate responsibilities and may be unable to afford increasing our staff or engaging outside consultants or professionals to overcome our lack of employees. During the course of our testing, we may identify other deficiencies that we may not be able to remediate in time to meet the deadline imposed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for compliance with the requirements of Section 404. In addition, if we fail to achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, as such standards are modified, supplemented or amended from time to time, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Moreover, effective internal controls, particularly those related to revenue recognition, are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to help preve nt financial fraud. 7. Our internal controls may be inadequate, which could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation being disseminated to the public. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f), internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the principal executive and principal financial officer and effected by the board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accoun ting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and/or directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Our internal controls may be inadequate or ineffective, which could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation being disseminated to the public. Investors relying upon this misinformation may make an uninformed investment decision. 8. Having only two directors, who are brothers, limits our ability to establish effective independent corporate governance procedures and increases the control of our president. We have only two directors (including our president), who are brothers. Accordingly, we cannot establish board committees comprised of independent members to oversee functions like compensation or audit issues. In addition, a tie vote of board members is decided in favor of the chairman, which gives him significant control over all corporate issues. 8 Until we have a larger board of directors that would include some independent members, if ever, there will be limited oversight of our president’s decisions and activities and little ability for minority shareholders to challenge or reverse those activities and decisions, even if they are not in the best interests of minority shareholders. 9. Mr. James Hutchinson, our president, has made all decisions concerning his compensation. There is no employment contract with Mr. James Hutchinson at this time. Nor are there any agreements for compensation in the future. Mr. James Hutchinson’s compensation has not been fixed or based on any percentage calculations. He has made all decisions determining the amount and timing of his compensation. He will continue making decisions about the timing and amount of his compensation until we have a sufficient number of directors to establish a compensation committee of the board of directors. Mr. James Hutchinson’s decisions about his compensation may not be in the best interests of other shareholders. Risks Related to Our Common Stock 10. The Company is selling the shares offered in this prospectus without an underwriter and may not be able to sell any of the shares offered herein. The common shares are being offered on our behalf by James Hutchinson, president of the Company, on a best-efforts basis. No broker-dealer has been retained as an underwriter and no broker-dealer is under any obligation to purchase any common shares. There are no firm commitments to purchase any of the shares in this offering. Consequently, there is no guarantee that the Company, through its president, is capable of selling all, or any, of the common shares offered hereby. 11. The offering price of our common stock has been determined arbitrarily. The price of our common stock in this offering has not been determined by any independent financial evaluation, market mechanism or by our auditors, and is therefore, to a large extent, arbitrary. Our audit firm has not reviewed management's valuation and, therefore, expresses no opinion as to the fairness of the offering price as determined by our management. As a result, the price of the common stock in this offering may not reflect the value perceived by the market. There can be no assurance that the shares offered hereby are worth the price at which they are offered and investors may, therefore, lose a portion or all of their investment. 12. Shareholders may be diluted significantly through our efforts to obtain financing and satisfy obligations through issuance of additional shares of our common stock. We have no committed source of financing. Wherever possible, our board of directors will attempt to use non-cash consideration to satisfy obligations. In many instances, we believe that the non-cash consideration will consist of restricted shares of our common stock. Our board of directors has authority, without action or vote of the shareholders, to issue all or part of the authorized 99,000,000 shares, but unissued 88,800,000 shares assuming the sale of 1,200,000 shares in this offering. In addition, if a trading market develops for our common stock, we may attempt to raise capital by selling shares of our common stock, possibly at a discount to market. These actions will result in dilution of the ownership interests of existing shareholders, may further dilute common stock book value, and that dilution may be material. 13. The interests of shareholders may be hurt because we can issue shares of our common stock to individuals or entities that support existing management with such issuances serving to enhance existing management’s ability to maintain control of our Company. Our board of directors has authority, without action or vote of the shareholders, to issue all or part of the authorized but unissued common shares. Such issuances may be issued to parties or entities committed to supporting existing management and the interests of existing management which may not be the same as the interests of other shareholders. Our ability to issue shares without shareholder approval serves to enhance existing management’s ability to maintain control of our Company. 14. Our articles of incorporation provide for indemnification of officers and directors at our expense and limit their liability that may result in a major cost to us and hurt the interests of our shareholders because corporate resources may be expended for the benefit of officers and/or directors. Our Articles of Incorporation at Article VII provide for indemnification as follows: No director or officer of the Corporation shall be personally liable to the Corporation or any of its stockholders for damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer; provided, however, that the foregoing provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director or officer: (i) for acts or omissions which involve intentional misconduct, fraud or knowing violation of law; or (ii) the payment of dividends in violation of Section 78.300 of the Nevada Revised Statutes. Any repeal or modification of an Article by the stockholders of the Corporation shall be prospective only, and shall not adversely affect any limitation of the personal liability of a director or officer of the Corporation for acts or omissions prior to such repeal or modification. 9 We have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, indemnification for liabilities arising under federal securities laws is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification for liabilities arising under federal securities laws, other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding, is asserted by a director, officer or controlling person in connection with our activities, we will (unless in the opinion of our counsel, the matter has been settled by controlling precedent) submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction, the question whether indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. The legal process relating to this matter if it were to occur is likely to be very costly and may result in us receiving negative publicity, either of which factors is likely to materially reduce the market and price for our shares, if such a market ever develops. 15. Currently, there is no established public market for our securities, and there can be no assurances that any established public market will ever develop or that our common stock will be quoted for trading and, even if quoted, it is likely to be subject to significant price fluctuations. Prior to the date of this prospectus, there has not been any established trading market for our common stock, and there is currently no established public market whatsoever for our securities. A market maker has agreed to file an application with FINRA on our behalf so as to be able to quote the shares of our common stock on the OTCBB maintained by FINRA commencing upon the effectiveness of our registration statement of which this prospectus is a part and subsequent closing of this offering. There can be no assurance that the market maker’s application will be accepted by FINRA nor can we estimate as to the time period that the application will require. We are not permitted to file such application on our own behalf. If the application is accepted, there can be no assurances as to whether (i) any market for our shares will develop; (ii) the prices at which our common stock will trade; or (iii) the extent to which investor interest in us will lead to the development of an active, liquid trading market. Active trading markets generally result in lower price volatility and more efficient execution of buy and sell orders for investors. In addition, our common stock is unlikely to be followed by any market analysts, and there may be few institutions acting as market makers for our common stock. Either of these factors could adversely affect the liquidity and trading price of our common stock. Until our common stock is fully distributed and an orderly market develops in our common stock, if ever, the price at which it trades is likely to fluctuate significantly. Prices for our common stock will be determined in the marketplace and may be influenced by many factors, including the depth and liquidity of the market for shares of our common stock, developments affecting our business, including the impact of the factors referred to elsewhere in these Risk Factors, investor perception of JHM and general economic and market conditions. No assurances can be given that an orderly or liquid market will ever develop for the shares of our common stock. Because of the anticipated low price of the securities being registered, many brokerage firms may not be willing to effect transactions in these securities. Purchasers of our securities should be aware that any market that develops in our stock will be subject to the penny stock restrictions. See “Plan of Distribution” and Risk Factor #16 below. 16. Any market that develops in shares of our common stock will be subject to the penny stock regulations and restrictions pertaining to low priced stocks that will create a lack of liquidity and make trading difficult or impossible. The trading of our securities, if any, will be in the over-the-counter market which is commonly referred to as the OTCBB as maintained by FINRA. As a result, an investor may find it difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations as to the price of our securities. Rule 3a51-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 establishes the definition of a "penny stock," for purposes relevant to us, as any equity security that has a minimum bid price of less than $4.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than $4.00 per share, subject to a limited number of exceptions which are not available to us. It is likely that our shares will be considered to be penny stocks for the immediately foreseeable future. This classification severely and adversely affects any market liquidity for our common stock. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the penny stock rules require that a broker or dealer approve a person's account for transactions in penny stocks and the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. In order to approve a person's account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must obtain financial information and investment experience and objectives of the person and make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and that that person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. 10 The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form, sets forth: · the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination, and · that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. Disclosure also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stock in both public offerings and in secondary trading and commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Additionally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. Because of these regulations, broker-dealers may not wish to engage in the above-referenced necessary paperwork and disclosures and/or may encounter difficulties in their attempt to sell shares of our common stock, which may affect the ability of selling shareholders or other holders to sell their shares in any secondary market and have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in any secondary market. These additional sales practice and disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our securities, if and when our securities become publicly traded. In addition, the liquidity for our securities may decrease, with a corresponding decrease in the price of our securities. Our shares, in all probability, will be subject to such penny stock rules for the foreseeable future and our shareholders will, in all likelihood, find it difficult to sell their securities. 17. The market for penny stocks has experienced numerous frauds and abuses that could adversely impact investors in our stock. Company management believes that the market for penny stocks has suffered from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include: · Control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; · Manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; · "Boiler room" practices involving high pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by sales persons; · Excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and · Wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along with the inevitable collapse of those prices with consequent investor losses. 18. Any trading market that may develop may be restricted by virtue of state securities “Blue Sky” laws that prohibit trading absent compliance with individual state laws. These restrictions may make it difficult or impossible to sell shares in those states. There is currently no established public market for our common stock, and there can be no assurance that any established public market will develop in the foreseeable future. Transfer of our common stock may also be restricted under the securities or securities regulations laws promulgated by various states and foreign jurisdictions, commonly referred to as “Blue Sky” laws. Absent compliance with such individual state laws, our common stock may not be traded in such jurisdictions. Because the securities registered hereunder have not been registered for resale under the blue sky laws of any state, the holders of such shares and persons who desire to purchase them in any trading market that might develop in the future, should be aware that there may be significant state blue sky law restrictions upon the ability of investors to sell the securities and of purchasers to purchase the securities. These restrictions prohibit the secondary trading of ou r common stock. We currently do not intend to and may not be able to qualify securities for resale in approximately 17 states which do not offer manual exemptions and require shares to be qualified before they can be resold by our shareholders. Accordingly, investors should consider the secondary market for our securities to be a limited one. See also “Plan of Distribution-State Securities-Blue Sky Laws.” 11 19. Our board of directors has the authority, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with terms that may not be beneficial to common stockholders and with the ability to affect adversely stockholder voting power and perpetuate their control over us. Our articles of incorporation allow us to issue shares of preferred stock without any vote or further action by our stockholders. Our board of directors has the authority to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. Our board of directors also has the authority to issue preferred stock without further stockholder approval, including large blocks of preferred stock. As a result, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grant to holders the preferred right to our assets upon liquidation, the right to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed to the holders of common stock and the right to the redemption of the shares, together with a premium, prior to the redemption of our common stock. 20. The ability of our president and vice president to control our business may limit or eliminate minority shareholders’ ability to influence corporate affairs. Upon the completion of this offering, our president and vice president, who are brothers, together with their father, Paul Hutchinson, will beneficially own an aggregate of approximately 88.24% of our outstanding common stock assuming the sale of all shares being registered. Because of their beneficial stock ownership, our president and vice president, with support from their father, will be in a position to continue to elect our board of directors, decide all matters requiring stockholder approval and determine our policies. The interests of our president and vice president may differ from the interests of other shareholders with respect to the issuance of shares, business transactions with or sales to other companies, selection of officers and directors and other business decisions. The minority shareholders would have no way of overriding decisions made by our president and vice president. This level of control may also have an adverse impact on the ma rket value of our shares because our president and vice president may institute or undertake transactions, policies or programs that result in losses, may not take any steps to increase our visibility in the financial community and / or may sell sufficient numbers of shares to significantly decrease our price per share. 21. All of our presently issued and outstanding common shares are restricted under rule 144 of the securities act, as amended. When the restriction on any or all of these shares is lifted, and the shares are sold in the open market, the price of our common stock could be adversely affected. All of the presently outstanding shares of common stock (9,000,000 shares) are "restricted securities" as defined under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act and may only be sold pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption from registration, if available. Rule 144 provides in essence that a person who is not an affiliate and has held restricted securities for a prescribed period of at least six months if purchased from a reporting issuer or 12 months (as is the case herein) if purchased from a non-reporting Company, may, under certain conditions, sell all or any of his shares without volume limitation, in brokerage transactions. Affiliates, however, may not sell shares in excess of 1% of the Company’s outstanding common stock each three months. As a result of revisions to Rule 144 which became effective on February 15, 2008, there is no limit on the amount of restricted securities that may be sold by a non-affili ate (i.e., a stockholder who has not been an officer, director or control person for at least 90 consecutive days) after the restricted securities have been held by the owner for the aforementioned prescribed period of time. A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from the Act, if available, or pursuant to registration of shares of common stock of present stockholders, may have a depressive effect upon the price of the common stock in any market that may develop. All 9,000,000 issued and outstanding shares of our common stock are owned by our president and vice president and their father who received them in exchange for the partnership interests of J. H. Miller Picture Framing Co. which had been founded in Massachusetts in 1890. See “Market for Securities.” 22. We do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock. We do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock at any time in the foreseeable future. The future payment of dividends directly depends upon our future earnings, capital requirements, financial requirements and other factors that our board of directors will consider. Since we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock, return on your investment, if any, will depend solely on an increase, if any, in the market value of our common stock. 12 23. Because we are not subject to compliance with rules requiring the adoption of certain corporate governance measures, our stockholders have limited protection against interested director transactions, conflicts of interest and similar matters. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as rule changes proposed and enacted by the SEC, the New York and American Stock Exchanges and the Nasdaq Stock Market, as a result of Sarbanes-Oxley, require the implementation of various measures relating to corporate governance. These measures are designed to enhance the integrity of corporate management and the securities markets and apply to securities that are listed on those exchanges or the Nasdaq Stock Market. Because we are not presently required to comply with many of the corporate governance provisions and because we chose to avoid incurring the substantial additional costs associated with such compliance any sooner than legally required, we have not yet adopted these measures. Because none of our directors are independent directors, we do not currently have independent audit or compensation committees. As a result, these directors have the ability, among other things, to determine their own level of compensation. Until we comply with such corporate governance measures, regardless of whether such compliance is required, the absence of such standards of corporate governance may leave our stockholders without protections against interested director transactions, conflicts of interest, if any, and similar matters and investors may be reluctant to provide us with funds necessary to expand our operations. We intend to comply with all corporate governance measures relating to director independence as and when required. However, we may find it very difficult or be unable to attract and retain qualified officers, directors and members of board committees required to provide for our effective management as a result of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has resulted in a series of rules and regulations by the SEC that increase responsibilities and liabilities of directors and executive officers. The perceived increased personal risk associated with these recent changes may make it more costly or deter qualified individuals from accepting these roles. 24. You may have limited access to information regarding our business because our obligations to file periodic reports with the SEC could be automatically suspended under certain circumstances. As of effectiveness of our registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, , we will be required to file periodic reports with the SEC which will be immediately available to the public for inspection and copying (see “Where You Can Find More Information” elsewhere in this prospectus). Except during the year that our registration statement becomes effective, these reporting obligations may (in our discretion) be automatically suspended under Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 if we have less than 300 shareholders. If this occurs after the year in which our registration statement becomes effective, we will no longer be obligated to file periodic reports with the SEC and your access to our business information would then be even more restricted. After this registration statement on Form S-1 becomes effective, we will be required to deliver periodic reports to security holders. However, we will not be required to furnish proxy statements to security holders and our directors, officers and principal beneficial owners will not be required to report their beneficial ownership of securities to the SEC pursuant to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 until we have both 500 or more security holders and greater than $10 million in assets. This means that your access to information regarding our business will be limited. For all of the foregoing reasons and others set forth herein, an investment in our securities in any market that may develop in the future involves a high degree of risk. USE OF PROCEEDS JHM will apply the proceeds from the offering to pay for accounting fees, legal and professional fees and general working capital. THE OFFERING JHM is offering, on a best efforts, self-underwritten basis, a minimum of 400,000 and a maximum of 1,200,000 shares of its common stock at a price of $0.01 per share. The proceeds from the sale of the shares in this offering will be payable to “Gary B. Wolff, P.C. – Escrow Account” and will be deposited in a noninterest-bearing bank account until the minimum offering proceeds are raised. No interest shall be paid to any investor or to the Company. All subscription agreements and checks are irrevocable and should be delivered to Gary B. Wolff, P.C. at the address provided on the Subscription Agreement. Failure to do so will result in checks being returned to the investor who submitted the check. JHM’s escrow agent, Gary B. Wolff, P.C., acts as outside legal counsel for JHM and, therefore, may not be considered an independent third party. All subscription funds will be held in trust pending the achievement of the Minimum Offering, and no funds shall be released to JHM until such a time as the minimum proceeds are raised (see the section of this prospectus entitled "Plan of Distribution"). Any additional proceeds received after the minimum offering is achieved will be immediately released to the Company. The offering may terminate on the earlier of: 13 (i) the date when the sale of all 1,200,000 shares is completed, (ii) anytime after the minimum offering of 400,000 shares of common stock is achieved, or (iii) 180 days from the effective date of this document or any extension thereto. If the Minimum Offering is not achieved within 180 days of the date of this prospectus, all subscription funds will be returned to investors promptly without interest or deduction of fees unless the Company extends the offering period by an additional 180 days. The Company will deliver stock certificates attributable to shares of common stock purchased directly to the purchasers within 90 days of the close of the offering. The offering price of the common stock has been determined arbitrarily and bears no relationship to any objective criterion of value. The price does not bear any relationship to our assets, book value, historical earnings or net worth. The purchase of the common stock in this offering involves a high degree of risk. The common stock offered in this prospectus is for investment purposes only, and currently no market for our common stock exists. While a market maker has agreed to file a Rule 211 application with FINRA in order to apply for the inclusion of our common stock in the OTCBB, such efforts may not be successful, and our shares may never be quoted and owners of our common stock may not have a market in which to sell the shares. Also, no estimate may be given as to the time that this application process will require . Please refer to the sections of this prospectus entitled "Risk Factors" and "Dilution" before making an investment in this stock. DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE The offering price of the common stock has been arbitrarily determined and bears no relationship to any objective criterion of value. The price does not bear any relationship to our assets, book value, historical earnings or net worth. In determining the offering price, management considered such factors as the prospects, if any, for similar companies, anticipated results of operations, present financial resources and the likelihood of acceptance of this offering. No valuation or appraisal has been prepared for our business. We cannot assure you that a public market for our securities will develop or continue or that the securities will ever trade at a price higher than the offering price. DILUTION "Dilution" represents the difference between the offering price of the shares of common stock and the net book value per share of common stock immediately after completion of the offering. "Net book value" is the amount that results from subtracting total liabilities from total assets. In this offering, the level of dilution is increased as a result of the relatively low book value of our issued and outstanding stock. Assuming the shares offered herein are sold, the purchasers of the common stock in this offering will incur an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately 96% per share if the minimum number of shares is sols and 95% if the maximum number of offered shares is sold. The following table illustrates the dilution to the purchasers of the common stock in this offering: Minimum Maximum Offering Offering Offering Price Per Share $ .01 $ .01 Book Value Per Share Before the Offering $ (.0008) $ (.0008) Book Value Per Share After the Offering $ (.0004) $ .0005 Net Increase to Original Shareholders $ .0004 $ .0013 Decrease in Investment to New Shareholders $ .0096 $ .0095 Dilution to New Shareholders (%) 96% 95% 14 DIVIDEND POLICY We have never paid cash or any other form of dividend on our common stock, and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Moreover, any future credit facilities might contain restrictions on our ability to declare and pay dividends on our common stock. We plan to retain all earnings, if any, for the foreseeable future for use in the operation of our business and to fund the pursuit of future growth. Future dividends, if any, will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, capital requirements and on such other factors as our board of directors, in its discretion, may consider relevant. MARKET FOR SECURITIES There is no established public market for our common stock, and a public market may never develop. A market maker has agreed to file an application with FINRA so as to be able to quote the shares of our common stock on the OTCBB maintained by FINRA commencing upon the effectiveness of our registration statement of which this prospectus is a part and the subsequent closing of this offering. There can be no assurance as to whether such market maker’s application will be accepted by FINRA nor can we estimate the time period that will be required for the application process. Even if our common stock were quoted in a market, there may never be substantial activity in such market. If there is substantial activity, such activity may not be maintained, and no prediction can be made as to what prices may prevail in such market. There is no JHM common equity subject to outstanding options or warrants to purchase or securities convertible into our common equity. All current shares of outstanding shares are held by our 2 officers and directors and their father. In general, under Rule 144, a holder of restricted common shares who is an affiliate at the time of the sale or any time during the three months preceding the sale can resell shares, subject to the restrictions described below. If we have been a public reporting company under the Exchange Act for at least 90 days immediately before the sale, then at least six months must have elapsed since the shares were acquired from us or one of our affiliates, and we must remain current in our filings for an additional period of six months; in all other cases, at least one year must have elapsed since the shares were acquired from us or one of our affiliates. The number of shares sold by such person within any three-month period cannot exceed the greater of: 1% of the total number of our common shares then outstanding; The average weekly trading volume of our common shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the date on which notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale is filed with the SEC (or, if Form 144 is not required to be filed, the four calendar weeks preceding the date the selling broker receives the sell order). This option is not available to the Company because the shares of its common stock do not trade on a recognized exchange. Conditions relating to the manner of sale, notice requirements (filing of Form 144 with the SEC) and the availability of public information about us must also be satisfied. Current Public Information In general, for sales by affiliates and non-affiliates, the satisfaction of the current public information requirement depends on whether we are a public reporting company under the Exchange Act: If we have been a public reporting company for at least 90 days immediately before the sale, then the current public information requirement is satisfied if we have filed all periodic reports (other than Form 8-K) required to be filed under the Exchange Act during the 12 months immediately before the sale (or such shorter period as we have been required to file those reports). If we have not been a public reporting company for at least 90 days immediately before the sale, then the requirement is satisfied if specified types of basic information about us (including our business, management and our financial condition and results of operations) are publicly available. However, no assurance can be given as to · the likelihood of a market for our common shares developing, · the liquidity of any such market, · the ability of the shareholders to sell the shares, or 15 · the prices that shareholders may obtain for any of the shares. No prediction can be made as to the effect, if any, that future sales of shares or the availability of shares for future sale will have on the market price prevailing from time to time. Sales of substantial amounts of our common shares, or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely affect prevailing market prices of the common shares. NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain matters discussed herein are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus which is a part of our registration statement involve risks and uncertainties, including statements as to: · our future operating results; · our business prospects; · any contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; · the dependence of our future success on the general economy; · any possible financings; and · the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital. These forward-looking statements can generally be identified as such because the context of the statement will include words such as we “believe," “anticipate,” “expect,” “estimate” or words of similar meaning. Similarly, statements that describe our future plans, objectives or goals are also forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties which are described in close proximity to such statements and which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated as of the date of this prospectus. Shareholders, potential investors and other readers are urged to consider these factors in evaluating the forward-looking statements and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included herein are only made as of the date of this prospectus, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update such forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATION Operations A summary of our operations for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 follows: 2008 2007 Revenues Sales $ 78,676 $ 77,863 Service fees 31,655 25,840 Total 110,331 103,703 Expenses: Materials and supplies 36,411 32,375 Compensation 69,413 69,772 General and administrative 36,518 26,116 Total 143,342 128,263 Net Loss $ (32,011) $ (24,560) There were no significant variations from year to year. All business was obtained by word of mouth and the fact that we are known in the area having been in continuous operation since 1890. All pricing was generally consistent throughout the period. All compensation (including related payroll taxes) pertained to James Hutchinson and Robert Hutchinson. The only significant variation in general and administrative costs between periods is a $10,000 accrual for audit fees. No corresponding cost was incurred in 2007. 16 General As a corporate policy, we will not incur any cash obligations that we cannot satisfy with known resources, of which there are currently none except as described in “Liquidity” below and/or elsewhere in this prospectus. We believe that the perception that many people have of a public company make it more likely that they will accept restricted securities from a public company as consideration for indebtedness to them than they would from a private company. We have not performed any studies of this matter. Our conclusion is based on our own observations. However, there can be no assurances that we will be successful in any of those efforts even if we are a public entity. Additionally, issuance of restricted shares would necessarily dilute the percentage of ownership interest of our stockholders. Liquidity JHM will pay all costs relating to this offering estimated at $65,000. This amount will be paid as and when necessary and required or otherwise accrued on the books and records of JHM until we are able to pay the full amount due either from revenues or loans from our president. Absent sufficient revenues to pay these amounts within six months of the date of this prospectus, our president has agreed to loan us the funds to cover the balance of outstanding professional and related fees relating to our prospectus to the extent that such liabilities cannot be extended or satisfied in other ways and our professionals insist upon payment. If and when loaned, the loan will be evidenced by a noninterest-bearing unsecured corporate note to be treated as a loan until repaid, if and when JHM has the financial resources to do so. A formal written arrangement exists with respect to our president’s commitment to loan funds for this purpose and, accordingly, the ag reement between JHM, our president and our counsel (filed as Exhibit 10.1) is binding upon all parties. Private capital, if sought, will be sought from former business associates of our officers or private investors referred to us by those business associates. To date, we have not sought any funding source and have not authorized any person or entity to seek out funding on our behalf. If a market for our shares ever develops, of which there can be no assurances, we may use restricted shares of our common stock to compensate employees/consultants and independent contractors wherever possible. We believe that operations are generating sufficient cash to continue operations for the next 12 months from the date of this prospectus provided that our costs of being a public company remain equal to or below the maximum estimate provided below. We have embarked upon an effort to become a public company and, by doing so, have incurred and will continue to incur additional significant expenses for legal, accounting and related services. Once we become a public entity, subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act of '34, we will incur ongoing expenses associated with professional fees for accounting, legal and a host of other expenses including annual reports and proxy statements, if required. We estimate that these costs will range up to $50,000 per year for the next few years and will be higher if our business volume and activity increases but lower during the first year of being public because our overall business volume will be lower, and we will not yet be subject to the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. These obligations will reduce our ability and resources to expand our business. We hope to be able to use our status as a public company to incre ase our ability to use noncash means of settling obligations and compensate independent contractors who provide professional services to us, although there can be no assurances that we will be successful in any of those efforts. We will reduce the compensation levels paid to management if there is insufficient cash generated from operations to satisfy these costs. There are no current plans to seek private investment. We do not have any current plans to raise funds through the sale of securities except as set forth herein. We hope to be able to use our status as a public company to enable us to use non-cash means of settling obligations and compensate persons and/or firms providing services to us, although there can be no assurances that we will be successful in any of those efforts. We believe that the perception that many people have of a public company make it more likely that they will accept restricted securities from a public company as consideration for indebtedness to them than they would from a private company. We have not performed any studies of this matter. Our conclusion is based on our own beliefs. Issuing shares of our common stock to such persons instead of paying cash to them would increase our chances to expand our business. Having shares of our common stock may also give persons a greater feeling of identity with us which may result in referrals. However, these actions, if successful, will result in dilution of the ownership interests of existing shareholders, may further dilute common stock book value, and that dilution may be material. Such issuances may also serve to enhance existing management’s ability to maintain control of JHM because the shares may be issued to parties or entities committed to supporting existing management. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements In June 2003, the Securities and Exchange Commission adopted final rules under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended by SEC Release No. 33-8934 on June 26, 2008. Commencing with our annual report for the year ended December 31, 2009, we will be required to include a report of management on our internal control over financial reporting. The internal control report must include a statement 17 · of management’s responsibility for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting; · of management’s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of year end; · of the framework used by management to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting; and Furthermore, in the following year, it is required to file the auditor’s attestation report separately on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting on whether it believes that the Company has maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting. In May 2008, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 162 “The Hierarchy of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles” (“SFAS 162”). The purpose of this standard is to provide a consistent framework for determining what accounting principles should be used when preparing U.S. GAAP financial statements. SFAS 162 categorizes accounting pronouncements in a descending order of authority. In the instance of potentially conflicting accounting principles, the standard in the highest category must be used. This statement will be effective 60 days after the SEC approves the Public Company Accounting and Oversight Board’s related amendments. The Company believes that SFAS 162 will have no impact on their existing accounting methods. On December 30, 2008, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued FASB Staff Position (“FSP”) No. FAS 132(R)-1, “ Employers’ Disclosures About Postretirement Benefit Plan Assets ”, which amends Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (“SFAS”) No. 132(R), “ Employers’ Disclosures About Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefits ,” to require more detailed disclosures about plan assets, including investment strategies, major categories of plan assets, concentrations of risk within plan assets, and valuation techniques used to measure the fair value of plan assets consistent with fair value hierarchy model described in SFAS No. 157, “ Fair Value Measurements ”. The Company does not anticipate that the adoption of this statement will have any effect on its financial condition and results of operations since it does not have any postretire ment plans. In April 2009, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued FASB Staff Position (FSP) Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) 157-4 “Determining Fair Value When the Volume and Level of Activity for the Asset or Liability Have Significantly Decreased and Identifying Transactions That Are Not Orderly”. Based on the guidance, if an entity determines that the level of activity for an asset or liability has significantly decreased and that a transaction is not orderly, further analysis of transactions or quoted prices is needed, and a significant adjustment to the transaction or quoted prices may be necessary to estimate fair value in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 157 “Fair Value Measurements”. This FSP is to be applied prospectively and is effective for interim and annual periods ending after June 15, 2009 with early adoption permitted for periods ending after March 15, 200 9. The company will adopt this FSP for its quarter ending June 30, 2009. There is no expected impact on the financial statements. In April 2009, the FASB issued FSP FAS 107-1 and Accounting Principles Board (APB) 28-1 “Interim Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments”. The FSP amends SFAS No. 107 “Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments” to require an entity to provide disclosures about fair value of financial instruments in interim financial information. This FSP is to be applied prospectively and is effective for interim and annual periods ending after June 15, 2009 with early adoption permitted for periods ending after March 15, 2009. The company will include the required disclosures in its quarter ending June 30, 2009. In April 2008, the FASB issued FSP FAS 142-3, “Determination of the Useful Life of Intangible Assets”. The FSP states that in developing assumptions about renewal or extension options used to determine the useful life of an intangible asset, an entity needs to consider its own historical experience adjusted for entity-specific factors. In the absence of that experience, an entity shall consider the assumptions that market participants would use about renewal or extension options. This FSP is to be applied to intangible assets acquired after January 1, 2009. The adoption of this FSP did not have an impact on the financial statements. Other accounting standards that have been issued or proposed by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies that do not require adoption until a future date are not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements upon adoption. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements and related notes requires us to make judgments, estimates, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. An accounting policy is considered to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimates that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact the financial statements. 18 Financial Reporting Release No. 60 requires all companies to include a discussion of critical accounting policies or methods used in the preparation of financial statements. There are no critical policies or decisions that rely on judgments that are based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made. Note 2 to the financial statements, included elsewhere in this prospectus, includes a summary of the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our financial statements. Seasonality Typically, summer months are the least busy and the months leading up to the Christmas season are the busiest. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K, obligations under any guarantee contracts or contingent obligations. We also have no other commitments, other than the costs of being a public company that will increase our operating costs or cash requirements in the future. BUSINESS JHM was founded as a family business in 1890 and was a partnership under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. It incorporated in Nevada in February 2009. At May 7, 2009, we had two fulltime employees, our president, James Hutchinson, and vice president, Robert Hutchinson. JHM operates out of a 1,374 square foot store in Springfield, MA and is a custom framer of artwork, photographs and a wide variety of memorabilia. 19 Our basic business involves creating frames to meet customer demands to frame a wide variety of artwork and memorabilia. The frames are customized with regard to size and material and are made by us. Frame design encompasses selecting the size, color, texture, and style that work best to enhance a customer’s artwork. This involves selecting the right matting and frame. By taking into consideration the color, size, style, and visual texture of a customer’s artwork, the frame design, done properly, becomes part of the art, enhancing the piece as a whole. We work with customers to help them select options that best meet their needs to best frame artwork or memorabilia, especially in selecting the material that should be used to frame the art. A quality frame moulding, archival mats and backing, as well as UV-filtering glass, all work together to protect prized art. We work closely with customers to help them. The Matting Attractive as well as functional, the matting is a key element in frame design. By creating air space between the face of the artwork and the glass, the mat helps eliminate potential problems, particularly for framed pieces in humid climates. For instance, if a photograph is framed in direct contact with the glass, condensation caused by humidity could soften the photo’s emulsion enough that it adheres to the glass, causing irreversible damage to the photo. The space created by the mat is designed to prevent this from happening while also providing structural support for the artwork. 20 The mats can also provide several design qualities that will enhance the art. The addition of a mat serves to provide size, color, and depth. Multiple mats add even more depth, giving the framed piece a three-dimensional look. Wider mats create breathing space between the art and frame, keeping the frame from overpowering the art. While neutral mats are adequate in some instances, mats come in a large array of colors and textures, all of which will help the art to fit into its surroundings. A wide variety of fabrics can be used to wrap the mat to help create something unique for a customer. As recently as 20 years ago, there were basically two options for matting - paper mats or 100% cotton rag. Rag mats at the time came only in white, which is why one only saw art framed with white mats in museums and art galleries. Today, we have three choices - paper, 100% cotton rag, and archival mats. The third option is a blend of paper and rag, but with the harmful acids and other impurities removed. It is important to use mats with no impurities. If impurities are still present, they can potentially cause damage to artwork, which is why we do not recommend paper mats. By emphasizing archival grade and 100% rag mats, we attempt to ensure our customers that their art will last for generations. The Frame As with matting, the frame serves multiple purposes, both aesthetically and functionally. The frame lends strength to the frame package, adding structure that allows the art to be protected from the environment. A multitude of styles, colors, textures, and sizes are available in frame choices today, so a customer’s art can be framed to match virtually any décor. For example, bamboo-style mouldings can be used to great effect on Asian-inspired art, while olive wood veneers can be used to complement a painting purchased in Italy. To complement today’s furniture finishes, mouldings are available in a wide variety of natural woods, from oak to walnut to natural cherry. Frame styles can even be combined, stacking one style with another, to create fresh, new looks that would be difficult to find in a mass-produced frame. The Glass Glass, or glazing, is a very important element to the frame package, as it is the barrier that protects the visible parts of artwork. All glass does not provide the same level of protection, however, and for maximum protection, care must be taken to choose the correct glazing for a customer’s art. UV-filtering glass has an invisible coating on the inside of the glass which blocks about 98% of harmful ultraviolet rays, as compared to the 50% blocked by regular picture glass. As people become more energy conscious and begin switching over to more fluorescent lighting, this becomes more of a concern, as there is a higher concentration of these potentially harmful rays than in incandescent lighting. UV-filtering glass, however, does not provide absolute long-term protection against ultraviolet rays. Art protected by UV-filtering glazing can still fade over time if hung in direct sunlight or harsh lighting. Non-glare, or anti-reflective, glazing are suggested when reflections are a concern. Non-glare glass has either a special coating or has been chemically treated, so that the outer side of the glass softens the reflected light in a room. Depending on the intensity of the light in the room, this softening effect may be more distracting, as the effect can make art look hazy. In cases such as this, anti-reflective glazing may rectify the issue. A special coating on the outside of the glass reduces the amount of reflected light, which may make the artwork appear brighter and sharper. Acrylic glazing, or Plexi-glass, is available for larger works of art, where using glass could be dangerous or very heavy or for items that need to be shipped. Art on paper should almost always be framed under glass. Changes in humidity can cause exposed paper to buckle and warp, and airborne grease and dust can cause staining over time. Due to a continuous “out-gassing” by oil paints, paintings on canvas are generally not glazed. Over time, this out-gassing causes a greasy film to appear on the inside of the glass, which would have to be cleaned by a professional framer. Needle art, such as cross-stitch and crewel work, often are not glazed. We, like most framers, advise the use of glass, which will protect these often very labor-intensive works of art from staining and other damage. Any artwork that receives matting should always be glazed. Just as changes in humidity can cause buckling and damage to art on paper, the same damage can be caused to that carefully chosen mat design if not protected with glazing. Production Our typical custom frame requires one to two days of labor to construct. We generally maintain minimal levels of inventory. Many vendors leave samples on consignment in our store. We pay for these items when used. Our production equipment, tables and cabinets were entirely acquired more than three years ago and are now fully depreciated for financial reporting purposes. The typical price range of a custom frame is $200 to $375. We accept all major credit cards in payment. 21 Service Revenue In addition to constructing custom frames, we also repair and restore existing frames. Service fees comprised 28.7% of our revenue in 2008 and 24.9% of our revenue in 2007. Competition Most of our competitors, which include large national chains like Michael’s, have significantly greater financial and marketing resources than do we. Many have sophisticated Websites and the ability to advertise in a wide variety of media. We try to provide personal service to all customers and principally depend on word of mouth and repeat business. We also believe that we are price competitive. There are no assurances that our approach will be successful. Intellectual Property We have no patents or trademarks. Employees At May7, 2009, we had two fulltime employees, our two officers. There is no written employment contract or agreement. Property Our store, which is 1,374 square feet, is located at 305 Bridge Street, Springfield, MA 01103. The lease calls for monthly rent of $950 and is scheduled to expire on July 31, 2009. Litigation We are not party to any pending, or to our knowledge, threatened litigation of any type. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS Our management consists of: Name Age Title James Hutchinson 58 President, CEO, CFO, Principal accounting officer and chairman Robert Hutchinson 55 Vice President, Secretary and Director James Hutchinson – has been employed by us since 1983. He is a graduate of Western New England University. Robert Hutchinson has been employed by us since 1984. Robert Hutchinson is the brother of our president, James Hutchinson. Possible Potential Conflicts The OTCBB on which we plan to have our shares of common stock quoted does not have any director independence requirements. No member of management is or will be required by us to work on a full time basis, although our president currently devotes fulltime to us. Accordingly, certain conflicts of interest may arise between us and our officer(s) and director(s) in that they may have other business interests in the future to which they devote their attention, and they may be expected to continue to do so although management time must also be devoted to our business. As a result, conflicts of interest may arise that can be resolved only through their exercise of such judgment as is consistent with each officer's understanding of his/her fiduciary duties to us. Currently we have only two officers and two directors (the same persons) and will seek to add additional officer(s) and/or director(s) as and when the proper personnel are located and terms of employment are mutually negotiated and agreed, and we have sufficient capital resources and cash flow to make such offers. 22 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics In February 2009 we adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct which is applicable to our future employees and which also includes a Code of Ethics for our CEO and principal financial officers and persons performing similar functions. A code of ethics is a written standard designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote: · honest and ethical conduct, · full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in regulatory filings and public statements, · compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, · the prompt reporting violation of the code, and · accountability for adherence to the code. A copy of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as exhibit 14.1 to our registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. Board of Directors All directors hold office until the completion of their term of office, which is not longer than one year, or until their successors have been elected. Both directors’ terms of office expire on December 31, 2009. All officers are appointed annually by the board of directors and, subject to existing employment agreements (of which there are currently none) and serve at the discretion of the board. Currently, directors receive no compensation for their role as directors but may receive compensation for their role as officers. As long as we have an even number of directors, tie votes on issues are resolved in favor of the chairman’s vote. Committees of the Board of Directors Concurrent with having sufficient members and resources, the JHM board of directors will establish an audit committee and a compensation committee. We believe that we will need a minimum of five directors to have effective committee system s . The audit committee will review the results and scope of the audit and other services provided by the independent auditors and review and evaluate the system of internal controls. The compensation committee will manage any stock option plan we may establish and review and recommend compensation arrangements for the officers. No final determination has yet been made as to the memberships of these committees or when we will have sufficient members to establish committees. See “Executive Compensation” hereinafter. All directors will be reimbursed by JHM for any expenses incurred in attending directors' meetings provided that JHM has the resources to pay these fees. JHM will consider applying for officers and directors liability insurance at such time when it has the resources to do so. Summary Executive Compensation Table The following table shows, for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, compensation awarded to or paid to, or earned by, our Chief Executive Officer and Vice President (the “Named Executive Officers”). Name and Principal Position Year Salary Bonus Option Awards Total James Hutchinson 2008 $ 25,500 - - $ 25,500 CEO 2007 $ 25,500 - - $ 25,500 Robert Hutchinson 2008 $ 25,250 - - $ 25,250 Vice President and Secretary 2007 $ 25,250 - - $ 25,250 The compensation of James Hutchinson and Robert Hutchinson has not been fixed or based on any percentage calculations. They have made all decisions determining the amount and timing of their compensation and have received the level of compensation each month that permitted us to meet our obligations. Their compensation amounts will be more formalized if and when their individual annual compensation reaches $100,000. 23 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End There are no outstanding equity awards. PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS As of May 7, 2009, we had 9,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding which are held by three shareholders. The chart below sets forth the ownership, or claimed ownership, of certain individuals and entities. This chart discloses those persons known by the board of directors to have, or claim to have, beneficial ownership of more than 5% of the outstanding shares of our common stock as of May 7, 2009; of all directors and executive officers of JHM; and of our directors and officers as a group. Title Of Class Name, Title and Address of Beneficial Owner of Shares (a) Amount of Beneficial Ownership (b) Percent of Class Before Offering After Offering (c) Common James Hutchinson 2,160,000 24% 21.2% Robert Hutchinson 2,160,000 24% 21.2% (d)Paul Hutchinson 4,680,000 52% 45.9% All Directors and Officers as a group (2 persons) 4,320,000 48% 42.4% (a) The address for our three (3) stockholders is 305 Bridge Street, Springfield, MA 01103. (b) Unless otherwise indicated, JHM believes that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of the common stock beneficially owned by them. A person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of securities which may be acquired by such person within 60 days from the date indicated above upon the exercise of options, warrants or convertible securities. Each beneficial owner’s percentage ownership is determined by assuming that options, warrants or convertible securities that are held by such person (but not those held by any other person) and which are exercisable within 60 days of the date indicated above, have been exercised. (c) Assumes the sale of the maximum amount of this offering (1,200,000 shares of common stock). The aggregate amount of shares to be issued and outstanding after the offering is 10,200,000. (d) Paul Hutchinson is the father of James Hutchinson and Robert Hutchinson. Each disclaims any beneficial interest in or control over those shares owned by the others other than that which may be attributed to him by operation of law. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS The sole promoter of JHM is James Hutchinson, our chief executive officer. Of the total outstanding 9,000,000 shares, 4,680,000 shares were issued to Paul Hutchinson; 2,160,000 shares were issued to James Hutchinson, the Company’s president, and 2,160,000 shares were issued to Robert Hutchinson, the Company’s vice president upon our incorporation in Nevada in February 2009 in exchange for their respective partnership interests in their Massachusetts partnership. The corporation shall indemnify all directors, officers, employees, and agents to the fullest extent permitted by Nevada law as provided within NRS 78.751 or any other law then in effect or as it may hereafter be amended. Paul Hutchinson, who holds 52% of our common stock and is the father of James Hutchinson and Robert Hutchinson, made capital contributions of $21,800 in 2008 and $25,500 in 2007. JHM has entered into an agreement regarding our president lending funds to us if necessary (Exhibit 10.1). No amounts were outstanding under this agreement as of May7, 2009. A summary of Exhibit 10.1 may be found in the “Management’s Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation” section of this prospectus. Exhibit 10.1 is filed as part of our registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. 24 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK Introduction We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on February 4, 2009. JHM is authorized to issue 99,000,000 shares of common stock and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Preferred Stock Our certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with designations, rights and preferences determined from time to time by our board of directors. No shares of preferred stock have been designated, issued or are outstanding. Accordingly, our board of directors is empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with voting, liquidation, conversion, or other rights that could adversely affect the rights of the holders of the common stock. Although we have no present intention to issue any shares of preferred stock, there can be no assurance that we will not do so in the future. Among other rights, our board of directors may determine, without further vote or action by our stockholders: · the number of shares and the designation of the series; · whether to pay dividends on the series and, if so, the dividend rate, whether dividends will be cumulative and, if so, from which date or dates, and the relative rights of priority of payment of dividends on shares of the series; · whether the series will have voting rights in addition to the voting rights provided by law and, if so, the terms of the voting rights; · whether the series will be convertible into or exchangeable for shares of any other class or series of stock and, if so, the terms and conditions of conversion or exchange; · whether or not the shares of the series will be redeemable and, if so, the dates, terms and conditions of redemption and whether there will be a sinking fund for the redemption of that series and, if so, the terms and amount of the sinking fund; and · the rights of the shares of the series in the event of our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up and the relative rights or priority, if any, of payment of shares of the series. We presently do not have plans to issue any shares of preferred stock. However, preferred stock could be used to dilute a potential hostile acquirer. Accordingly, any future issuance of preferred stock or any rights to purchase preferred shares may have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us. This may delay, defer or prevent a change of control in our Company or an unsolicited acquisition proposal. The issuance of preferred stock also could decrease the amount of earnings attributable to, and assets available for distribution to, the holders of our common stock and could adversely affect the rights and powers, including voting rights, of the holders of our common stock. Common Stock Our certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of 99,000,000 shares of common stock. There are 9,000,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding at May 7, 2009 that are held by one shareholder. The holders of our common stock: · have equal ratable rights to dividends from funds legally available for payment of dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors; · are entitled to share ratably in all of the assets available for distribution to holders of common stock upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs; · do not have preemptive, subscription or conversion rights, or redemption or access to any sinking fund; and · are entitled to one non-cumulative vote per share on all matters submitted to stockholders for a vote at any meeting of stockholders See also Plan of Distribution regarding negative implications of being classified as a “Penny Stock.” 25 Authorized but Un-issued Capital Stock Nevada law does not require stockholder approval for any issuance of authorized shares. These additional authorized but unissued shares may be used for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional capital or to facilitate corporate acquisitions. One of the effects of the existence of un-issued and unreserved common stock may be to enable our board of directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, which issuance could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of our board by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise, and thereby protect the continuity of our management and possibly deprive the stockholders of opportunities to sell their shares of our common stock at prices higher than prevailing market prices. Shareholder Matters As an issuer of "penny stock" the protection provided by the federal securities laws relating to forward looking statements does not apply to us if our shares are considered to be penny stocks which they currently are and probably will be for the foreseeable future. Although the federal securities law provide a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by a public company that files reports under the federal securities laws, this safe harbor is not available to issuers of penny stocks. As a result, we will not have the benefit of this safe harbor protection in the event of any claim that the material provided by us, including this prospectus, contained a material misstatement of fact or was misleading in any material respect because of our failure to include any statements necessary to make the statements not misleading. As a Nevada corporation, we are subject to the Nevada Revised Statutes ("NRS" or "Nevada law"). Certain provisions of Nevada law create rights that might be deemed material to our shareholders. Other provisions might delay or make more difficult acquisitions of our stock or changes in our control or might also have the effect of preventing changes in our management or might make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that some of our shareholders may believe to be in their best interests. Directors' Duties . Section 78.138 of the Nevada law allows our directors and officers, in exercising their powers to further our interests, to consider the interests of our employees, suppliers, creditors and customers. They can also consider the economy of the state and the nation, the interests of the community and of society and our long-term and short-term interests and shareholders, including the possibility that these interests may be best served by our continued independence. Our directors may resist a change or potential change in control if they, by a majority vote of a quorum, determine that the change or potential change is opposed to or not in our best interest. Our board of directors may consider these interests or have reasonable grounds to believe that, within a reasonable time, any debt which might be created as a result of the change in control would cause our assets to be less than our liabilities, render us insolvent, or cause us to file for bankr uptcy protection Amendments to Bylaws - Our articles of incorporation provide that the power to adopt, alter, amend, or repeal our bylaws is vested exclusively with the board of directors. In exercising this discretion, our board of directors could conceivably alter our bylaws in ways that would affect the rights of our shareholders and the ability of any shareholder or group to effect a change in our control; however, the board would not have the right to do so in a way that would violate law or the applicable terms of our articles of incorporation. Transfer Agent The Transfer Agent for our common stock is Action Stock Transfer Corporation, 7069 S. Highland Drive, Suite 300, Salt Lake City, UT 84121. Its telephone number is 801-274-1088. PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION There is no public market for our common stock. Our common stock is currently held by one shareholder. Therefore, the current and potential market for our common stock is limited and the liquidity of our shares may be severely limited. A market maker has agreed to file an application with FINRA so as to be able to quote the shares of our common stock on the OTCBB maintained by FINRA commencing upon the effectiveness of our registration statement of which this prospectus is a part and the subsequent closing of this offering. There can be no assurance as to whether such market maker’s application will be accepted by FINRA nor can we estimate the time period that will be required for the application process. In the absence of quotation or listing, no market is available for investors in our common stock to sell their shares. We cannot provide any assurance that a meaningful trading market will ever develop or that our common stock will ever be quoted or listed for trading. If the shares of our common stock ever become tradable, the trading price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. As a result, investors may be unable to sell their shares at or greater than the price at which they are being offered. 26 This offering will be conducted on a best-efforts basis utilizing the efforts of James Hutchinson, president of the Company. Potential investors include, but are not limited to, family, friends and acquaintances of James Hutchinson. The intended methods of communication include, without limitation, telephone calls and personal contact. In his endeavors to sell this offering, Mr. Peplinski will not use any mass advertising methods such as the internet or print media. Funds received by the sales agent in connection with sales of our securities will be transmitted immediately into an escrow account until the minimum sales threshold is reached. There can be no assurance that all, or any, of the shares will be sold. James Hutchinson will not receive commissions for any sales originated on our behalf. We believe that Mr. Hutchinson is exempt from registration as a broker under the provisions of Rule 3a4-1 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. In particular, Mr. Hutchinson: 1. Is not subject to a statutory disqualification, as that term is defined in Section 3(a)39 of the Act, at the time of his participation; 2. Is not to be compensated in connection with his participation by the payment of commissions or other remuneration based either directly or indirectly on transactions in securities; 3. Is not an associated person of a broker or dealer; and 4. Meets the conditions of the following: a. Primarily performs, or is intended primarily to perform at the end of the offering, substantial duties for or on behalf of the issuer otherwise than in connection with transactions in securities; b. Was not a broker or dealer, or associated persons of a broker or dealer, within the preceding 12 months; and c. Did not participate in selling an offering of securities for any issuer more than once every 12 months other than in reliance on paragraphs within this section, except that for securities issued pursuant to rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, the 12 months shall begin with the last sale of any security included within one rule 415 registration. No officers or directors of the Company may purchase any securities in this offering. There can be no assurance that all, or any, of the shares will be sold. As of this date, we have not entered into any agreements or arrangements for the sale of the shares with any broker/dealer or sales agent. However, if we were to enter into such arrangements, we will file a post effective amendment to disclose those arrangements because any broker/dealer participating in the offering would be acting as an underwriter and would have to be so named herein. In order to comply with the applicable securities laws of certain states, the securities may not be offered or sold unless they have been registered or qualified for sale in such states or an exemption from such registration or qualification requirement is available and with which we have complied. The purchasers in this offering and in any subsequent trading market must be residents of such states where the shares have been registered or qualified for sale or an exemption from such registration or qu alification requirement is available. As of this date, we have not identified the specific states where the offering will be sold. The proceeds from the sale of the shares in this offering will be payable to Gary B. Wolff, P.C. – Escrow Account. ("Escrow Account") and will be deposited in a noninterest-bearing bank account until the minimum offering proceeds are raised. Failure to do so will result in checks being returned to the investor who submitted the check. No interest will be paid to any shareholder or the Company. All subscription agreements and checks are irrevocable. All subscription funds will be held in the Escrow Account pending achievement of the Minimum Offering, and no funds shall be released to JHM until such a time as the minimum proceeds are raised. The escrow agent will continue to receive funds and perform additional disbursements until either the Maximum Offering is achieved or a period of 180 days from the effective date of this offering expires (or an additional 180 days if so extended by the Company), whichever event first occurs. Thereafter, t his escrow agreement shall terminate. If the Minimum Offering is not achieved within 180 days of the date of this prospectus (or an additional 180 days if so extended by the Company), all subscription funds will be returned to investors promptly without interest or deduction of fees. 27 Investors can purchase common stock in this offering by completing a Subscription Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, and sending it to our escrow agent together with payment in full. All payments must be made in United States currency either by personal check, bank draft, or cashier check. There is no minimum subscription requirement. All subscription agreements and checks are irrevocable. The Company expressly reserves the right to either accept or reject any subscription. Any subscription rejected will be returned to the subscriber within five business days of the rejection date. Furthermore, once a subscription agreement is accepted, it will be executed without reconfirmation to or from the subscriber. Once we accept a subscription, the subscriber cannot withdraw it. Any purchasers of our securities should be aware that any market that develops in our common stock will be subject to “penny stock” restrictions. We will pay all expenses incident to the registration, offering and sale of the shares other than commissions or discounts of underwriters, broker-dealers or agents Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. Any purchasers of our securities should be aware that any market that develops in our stock will be subject to the penny stock restrictions. The trading of our securities, if any, will be in the over-the-counter markets which are commonly referred to as the OTCBB as maintained by FINRA (once and if and when quoting thereon has occurred). As a result, an investor may find it difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations as to the price of, our securities. OTCBB Considerations OTCBB securities are not listed and traded on the floor of an organized national or regional stock exchange. Instead, OTCBB securities transactions are conducted through a telephone and computer network connecting dealers in stocks. OTCBB stocks are traditionally smaller companies that do not meet the financial and other listing requirements of a regional or national stock exchange. To be quoted on the OTCBB, a market maker must file an application on our behalf in order to make a market for our common stock. We are not permitted to file such application on our own behalf. A market maker has agreed to file an application with FINRA on our behalf so as to be able to quote the shares of our common stock on the OTCBB maintained by FINRA commencing upon the effectiveness of our registration statement of which this prospectus is a part and the subsequent closing of this offering. There can be no assurance that the market maker’s application will be accepted by FINRA, nor can we estimate as to the time period that the application will require. The OTCBB is separate and distinct from the NASDAQ stock market. NASDAQ has no business relationship with issuers of securities quoted on the OTCBB. The SEC’s order handling rules, which apply to NASDAQ-listed securities, do not apply to securities quoted on the OTCBB. Although the NASDAQ stock market has rigorous listing standards to ensure the high quality of its issuers, and can delist issuers for not meeting those standards, the OTCBB has no listing standards. Rather, it is the market maker who chooses to quote a security on the system, files the application, and is obligated to comply with keeping information about the issuer in its files. FINRA cannot deny an application by a market maker to quote the stock of a company assuming all FINRA questions relating to its Rule 211 process are answered accurately and satisfactorily. The only requirement for ongoing inclusion in the OTCBB is that the issuer be current in its reporting requirements with the SEC. Although we anticipate that quotation on the OTCBB will increase liquidity for our stock, investors may have difficulty in getting orders filled because trading activity on the OTCBB in general is not conducted as efficiently and effectively as with NASDAQ-listed securities. As a result, investors’ orders may be filled at a price much different than expected when an order is placed. Investors must contact a broker-dealer to trade OTCBB securities. Investors do not have direct access to the bulletin board service. For bulletin board securities, there only has to be one market maker. 28 OTCBB transactions are conducted almost entirely manually. Because there are no automated systems for negotiating trades on the OTCBB, they are conducted via telephone. In times of heavy market volume, the limitations of this process may result in a significant increase in the time it takes to execute investor orders. Therefore, when investors place market orders - an order to buy or sell a specific number of shares at the current market price - it is possible for the price of a stock to go up or down significantly during the lapse of time between placing a market order and getting execution. Because OTCBB stocks are usually not followed by analysts, there may be lower trading volume than for NASDAQ-listed securities. Section 15(g) of the Exchange Act Our shares will be covered by Section 15(g) of the Exchange Act, and Rules 15g-1 through 15g-6 promulgated thereunder. They impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell our securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally institutions with assets in excess of $5,000,000 or individuals with net worth in excess of $1,000,000 or annual income exceeding $200,000 or $300,000 jointly with their spouses). Rule 15g-1 exempts a number of specific transactions from the scope of the penny stock rules (but is not applicable to us). Rule 15g-2 declares unlawful broker-dealer transactions in penny stocks unless the broker-dealer has first provided to the customer a standardized disclosure document. Rule 15g-3 provides that it is unlawful for a broker-dealer to engage in a penny stock transaction unless the broker-dealer first discloses and subsequently confirms to the customer current quotation prices or similar market information concerning the penny stock in question. Rule 15g-4 prohibits broker-dealers from completing penny stock transactions for a customer unless the broker-dealer first discloses to the customer the amount of compensation or other remuneration received as a result of the penny stock transaction. Rule 15g-5 requires that a broker-dealer executing a penny stock transaction, other than one exempt under Rule 15g-1, disclose to its customer, at the time of or prior to the transaction, information about the sales persons compensation. Rule 15g-6 requires broker-dealers selling penny stocks to provide their customers with monthly account statements. Rule 3a51-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 establishes the definition of a "penny stock," for purposes relevant to us, as any equity security that has a minimum bid price of less than $4.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than $4.00 per share, subject to a limited number of exceptions. It is likely that our shares will be considered to be penny stocks for the immediately foreseeable future. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the penny stock rules require that a broker or dealer approve a person's account for transactions in penny stocks and the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. In order to approve a person's account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must obtain financial information and investment experience and objectives of the person and make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and that that person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form, sets forth: · the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination, and · that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction Disclosure also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stock in both public offerings and in secondary trading and commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Additionally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. The above-referenced requirements may create a lack of liquidity, making trading difficult or impossible, and accordingly, shareholders may find it difficult to dispose of our shares. 29 State Securities – Blue Sky Laws There is no established public market for our common stock, and there can be no assurance that any market will develop in the foreseeable future. Transfer of our common stock may also be restricted under the securities or securities regulations laws promulgated by various states and foreign jurisdictions, commonly referred to as "Blue Sky" laws. Absent compliance with such individual state laws, our common stock may not be traded in such jurisdictions. Because the securities registered hereunder have not been registered for resale under the blue sky laws of any state, the holders of such shares and persons who desire to purchase them in any trading market that might develop in the future, should be aware that there may be significant state blue-sky law restrictions upon the ability of investors to sell the securities and of purchasers to purchase the securities. Accordingly, investors may not be able to liquidate their investments and should be prepared to hold the common stock for an indefinite period of time. We will consider applying for listing in Mergent, Inc., a leading provider of business and financial information on publicly listed companies, which, once published, will provide JHM with “manual” exemptions in approximately 33 states as indicated in CCH Blue Sky Law Desk Reference at Section 6301 entitled “Standard Manuals Exemptions.” Thirty-three states have what is commonly referred to as a "manual exemption" for secondary trading of securities such as those to be resold by selling stockholders under this registration statement. In these states, so long as we obtain and maintain a listing in Mergent, Inc. or Standard and Poor's Corporate Manual, secondary trading of our common stock can occur without any filing, review or approval by state regulatory authorities in these states. These states are: Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, Colorado, Connecticut, District of Columbia, Florida, Hawaii, Idaho, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, New Jersey, New Mexico, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Texas, Utah, Washington, West Virginia and Wyoming. We cannot secure this listing, and thus this qualification, until after our registration statement is declared effective. Once we se cure this listing, secondary trading can occur in these states without further action. We currently do not intend to and may not be able to qualify securities for resale in other states which require shares to be qualified before they can be resold by our shareholders. Limitations Imposed by Regulation M Under applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act, any person engaged in the distribution of the shares may not simultaneously engage in market making activities with respect to our common stock for a period of two business days prior to the commencement of such distribution. LEGAL MATTERS The validity of the issuance of the shares of common stock offered hereby will be passed upon for us by Gary B. Wolff, P.C., 488 Madison Avenue, Suite 1100, New York, New York 10022. EXPERTS The financial statements of JHM as of December 31, 2008 and 2007 and for the two years then ended, included in this prospectus have been audited by independent registered public accountants and have been so included in reliance upon the report of Li & Company, PC given on the authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing. 30 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement on Form S1, including exhibits, schedules and amendments, under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of common stock to be sold in this offering. This prospectus does not contain all the information included in the registration statement. For further information about us and the shares of our common stock to be sold in this offering, please refer to our registration statement. As of the effective date of this prospectus, JHM became subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Accordingly, we will file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any document we file at the SEC's public reference room at 100 F Street, N. E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You should call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference rooms. Our SEC filings will also be available to the public at the SEC's web site at "http:/www.sec.gov." You may request, and we will voluntarily provide, a copy of our filings, including our annual report which will contain audited financial statements, at no cost to you, by writing or telephoning us at the following address: J. H. Miller Picture Framing Co., Inc. 305 Bridge Street Springfield, MA 01103 413-732-9128 31 J. H. MILLER PICTURE FRAMING CO., INC. December 31, 2008 and 2007 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Contents Page(s) Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Balance Sheets at December 31, 2008 and 2007 F-3 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 F-4 Statement of Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit) F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 F-6 Notes to the Financial Statements F-7 F-1 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and stockholders of J. H. Miller Picture Framing Co., Inc. Springfield, Massachusetts We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of J. H. Miller Picture Framing Co., Inc. as of December 31, 2008 and 2007 and the related statements of operations, stockholders’ equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made b y management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of J. H. Miller Picture Framing Co., Inc. as of December 31, 2008 and 2007 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has experienced operating losses in 2008 and 2007, has a net stockholders’ deficit and has no established source of financing or capital, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans concerning these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. /s/ Li & Company, PC Li & Company, PC Skillman, New Jersey May 4, 2009 F-2 J. H. MILLER PICTURE FRAMING CO., INC. Balance Sheets December 31, 2008 2007 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash $ 1,224 $ 2,989 Accounts receivable 3,250 - Total current assets 4,474 2,989 TOTAL ASSETS $ 4,474 $ 2,989 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) LIABILITIES Accounts payable $ 1,651 $ - Accrued expenses 10,135 90 Total current liabilities 11,786 90 STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT): Preferred stock: $0.001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; no shares issued or outstanding - - Common stock: $0.001 par value; 99,000,000 shares authorized; 9,000,000 shares issued and outstanding 9,000 9,000 Additional paid-in capital 47,300 25,500 Accumulated deficit (63,612) (31,601) Total stockholders’ equity (deficit) (7,312) 2,899 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT) $ 4,474 $ 2,989 See accompanying notes to the financial statements. F-3 J. H. MILLER PICTURE FRAMING CO., INC. Statements of Operations For the Years Ended December 31, 2008 For the Years Ended December 31, 2007 Revenues Sales $ 78,676 $ 77,863 Service fees 31,655 25,840 Total 110,331 103,703 Expenses: Materials and supplies 36,411 32,375 Compensation 69,413 69,772 General and administrative 36,518 26,116 Total 143,342 128,263 Net Loss $ (32,011) $ (24,560) Net loss per common share - basic and diluted $ (0.00) $ (0.00) Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 9,000,000 9,000,000 See accompanying notes to the financial statements. F-4 J. H. MILLER PICTURE FRAMING CO., INC. Statement of Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit) For the Years Ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 Common Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Balance January 1, 2007 9,000,000 $ 9,000 $ - $ (7,041) $ 1,959 Capital contribution - - 25,500 - 25,500 Net loss - - - (24,560) (24,560) Balance, December 31, 2007 9,000,000 9,000 25,500 (31,601) 2,899 Capital contribution - - 21,800 - 21,800 Net loss - - - (32,011) (32,011) Balance, December 31, 2008 9,000,000 $ 9,000 $ 47,300 $ (63,612) $ (7,312) See accompanying notes to the financial statements. F-5 J. H. MILLER PICTURE FRAMING CO., INC. Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended December 31, 2008 For the Years Ended December 31, 2007 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net loss $ (32,011) $ (24,560) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Increase in accounts receivable (3,250) - Increase in accounts payable 1,651 Increase in accrued expenses 10,045 58 Net Cash Used in Operating Activities (23,565) (24,502) CASH FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Capital contribution 21,800 25,500 CHANGE IN CASH (1,765) 998 CASH AT BEGINNING OF YEAR 2,989 1,991 CASH AT END OF YEAR $ 1,224 $ 2,989 See accompanying notes to the financial statements. F-6 J. H. MILLER PICTURE FRAMING CO., INC. December 31, 2008 and 2007 Notes to the Financial Statements NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION J. H. Miller Picture Framing Co. was founded as a family business in 1890 and was a partnership under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. J. H. Miller Picture Framing Co., Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated in the State of Nevada in February 2009. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared as if the capital structure adopted as part of becoming a Nevada corporation had been in place for all periods presented. The Company is a custom framer of artwork, photographs and a wide variety of memorabilia. NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis of presentation The Company’s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”). Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Year-end The Company has elected a calendar year end. Cash Equivalents The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Accounts receivable Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount, net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. The allowance for doubtful accounts is the Company’s best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in the Company’s existing accounts receivable. The Company determines the allowance based on historical write-off experience, customer specific facts and economic conditions. Bad debt expense is included in general and administrative expenses, if any. Outstanding account balances are reviewed individually for collectability. Account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. The Company does not have any off-balance-sheet credit exposure to its customers. Fair value of financial instruments The Company follows Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 107 “Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments” (“SFAS No. 107”) for its financial instruments. The fair value of a financial instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties. The carrying amounts of financial assets and liabilities, such as cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued expenses approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. Revenue Recognition The Company follows the guidance of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission’s Staff Accounting Bulletin (“SAB”) No. 101 Revenue Recognition , as amended by SAB No. 104. The Company sells the products based on free on board (“FOB”) warehouse terms and records revenue when the related item has been shipped by the customer. F-7 Income Taxes The Company operated as a partnership for Federal income tax purposes until February 4, 2009 which means that the results of its operations were included in the personal income tax returns of its owners. No pro forma income tax expenses are shown because the Company incurred operating losses in 2008 and 2007. The Company became a C corporation in February 2009 after which the Company will account for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Under this method, income taxes are provided for amounts currently payable and for amounts deferred as tax assets and liabilities based on differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities. Deferred income taxes are measured using the enacted tax rates that are assumed will be in effect when the differences reverse. There were no significant differences between income reported for financial reporting purposes and income reported for income tax purposes for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007. Net Loss Per Common Share Net loss per common share is computed pursuant to Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 128, Earnings Per Share (“SFAS No. 128”). Basic and diluted net loss per common share has been calculated by dividing the net loss by the basic and diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding and potentially outstanding shares of common stock during each period assuming that the Company incorporated as of the beginning of the first period presented. There were no potentially dilutive shares outstanding as of December 31, 2008 or 2007. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements In June 2003, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) adopted final rules under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (“Section 404”), as amended by SEC Release No. 33-8934 on June 26, 2008. Commencing with the Company’s Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company is required to include a report of management on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. The internal control report must include a statement of management’s responsibility for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company; of management’s assessment of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of year end; of the framework used by management to evaluate the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting; and that the Company’s independent accounting firm has issued an attestat ion report on management’s assessment of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting, which report is also required to be filed as part of the Annual Report on Form 10-K. In May 2008, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 162 “The Hierarchy of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles” (“SFAS 162”). The purpose of this standard is to provide a consistent framework for determining what accounting principles should be used when preparing U.S. GAAP financial statements. SFAS 162 categorizes accounting pronouncements in a descending order of authority. In the instance of potentially conflicting accounting principles, the standard in the highest category must be used. This statement will be effective 60 days after the SEC approves the Public Company Accounting and Oversight Board’s related amendments. The Company believes that SFAS 162 will have no impact on their existing accounting methods. On December 30, 2008, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued FASB Staff Position (“FSP”) No. FAS 132(R)-1, “ Employers’ Disclosures About Postretirement Benefit Plan Assets ”, which amends Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (“SFAS”) No. 132(R), “ Employers’ Disclosures About Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefits ,” to require more detailed disclosures about plan assets, including investment strategies, major categories of plan assets, concentrations of risk within plan assets, and valuation techniques used to measure the fair value of plan assets consistent with fair value hierarchy model described in SFAS No. 157, “ Fair Value Measurements ”. The Company does not anticipate that the adoption of this statement will have any effect on its financial condition and results of operations since it does not have any postretir ement plans. F-8 In April 2009, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued FASB Staff Position (FSP) Financial Accounting Standard (FAS) 157-4 “Determining Fair Value When the Volume and Level of Activity for the Asset or Liability Have Significantly Decreased and Identifying Transactions That Are Not Orderly”. Based on the guidance, if an entity determines that the level of activity for an asset or liability has significantly decreased and that a transaction is not orderly, further analysis of transactions or quoted prices is needed, and a significant adjustment to the transaction or quoted prices may be necessary to estimate fair value in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 157 “Fair Value Measurements”. This FSP is to be applied prospectively and is effective for interim and annual periods ending after June 15, 2009 with early adoption permitted for periods endi ng after March 15, 2009. The company will adopt this FSP for its quarter ending June 30, 2009. There is no expected impact on the financial statements. In April 2009, the FASB issued FSP FAS 107-1 and Accounting Principles Board (APB) 28-1 “Interim Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments”. The FSP amends SFAS No. 107 “Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments” to require an entity to provide disclosures about fair value of financial instruments in interim financial information. This FSP is to be applied prospectively and is effective for interim and annual periods ending after June 15, 2009 with early adoption permitted for periods ending after March 15, 2009. The company will include the required disclosures in its quarter ending June 30, 2009. In April 2008, the FASB issued FSP FAS 142-3, “Determination of the Useful Life of Intangible Assets”. The FSP states that in developing assumptions about renewal or extension options used to determine the useful life of an intangible asset, an entity needs to consider its own historical experience adjusted for entity-specific factors. In the absence of that experience, an entity shall consider the assumptions that market participants would use about renewal or extension options. This FSP is to be applied to intangible assets acquired after January 1, 2009. The adoption of this FSP did not have an impact on the financial statements. Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying consolidated financial statements. NOTE 3 – GOING CONCERN The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has experienced operating losses in 2008 and 2007, has a net stockholders’ deficit and has no established source of financing or capital, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Management is attempting to keep all costs as low as possible and trying to offer competitive prices for all products and services. The Company cannot predict the likely outcome of its efforts to cut operating costs and generate profits. NOTE 4 - STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT) The Company is authorized to issue 99,000,000 shares of common stock and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock. In February 2009, upon its incorporation in the State of Nevada, the Company, in exchange for their respective partnership interests in their Massachusetts partnership, issued 9,000,000 shares of its common stock, at par value, to Paul Hutchinson, the majority stockholder of the Company, James Hutchinson, the Company’s president, and Robert Hutchinson, the Company’s vice president The Company’s majority shareholder, who holds 52% of its common stock and is the father of its two officers and directors, made capital contributions of $21,800 in 2008 and $25,500 in 2007. F-9 This prospectus is part of a registration statement we filed with the SEC. You should rely only on the information or representations provided in this prospectus. We have authorized no one to provide you with different information. We are not making an offer of these securities in any state where the offer is not permitted. You should not assume that the information in this prospectus is accurate as of any date other than the date on the front of the document. No one (including any salesman or broker) is authorized to provide oral or written information about this offering that is not included in this prospectus. The information contained in this prospectus is correct only as of the date set forth on the cover page, regardless of the time of the delivery of this prospectus. Until ________ , 2009 (90 days after the commencement of the offering), all dealers that effect transactions in these securities, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers' obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions. A Maximum of 1,200,00 Shares J. H. Miller Picture Framing Co., Inc. Common Stock PROSPECTUS __ , 2009 413-732-9128 TABLE OF CONTENTS SUMMARY FINANCIAL DATA 6 RISK FACTORS 6 USE OF PROCEEDS 13 THE OFFERING 13 DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE 14 DILUTION 14 DIVIDEND POLICY 15 MARKET FOR SECURITIES 15 NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 16 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATION 16 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS 22 PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS 24 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 24 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 25 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 26 LEGAL MATTERS 30 EXPERTS 30 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 31 Part II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS ITEM 13 OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION The Registrant is bearing all expenses in connection with this registration statement other than sales commissions, underwriting discounts and underwriter's expense allowances designated as such. Estimated expenses payable by the Registrant in connection with the registration and distribution of the Common Stock registered hereby are as follows: SEC Registration fee $ 0.47 NASD Filing Fee 100.00 *Accounting fees and expenses 5,000.00 *Legal fees and expenses 50,000.00 *Transfer Agent fees 2,500.00 *Blue Sky fees and expenses 5,000.00 *Miscellaneous expenses 2,399.53 Total $ 65,000.00 *Indicates expenses that have been estimated for filing purposes. ITEM 14 INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS The Company has a provision in its Certificate of Incorporation at Article VII thereof providing for indemnification of its officers and directors as follows. No director or officer of the Corporation shall be personally liable to the Corporation or any of its stockholders for damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer; provided, however, that the foregoing provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director or officer (i) for acts or omissions which involve intentional misconduct, fraud or knowing violation of law, or (ii) the payment of dividends in violation of Section 78.300 of the Nevada Revised Statutes. Any repeal or modification of an Article by the stockholders of the Corporation shall be prospective only, and shall not adversely affect any limitation of the personal liability of a director or officer of the Corporation for acts or omissions prior to such repeal or modification. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, may be permitted to directors officers and controlling persons of the Company pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the Company of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any such action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the Registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the qu estion whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. ITEM 15 RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES During the three years preceding the filing of this Form S1, Registrant has issued securities without registration under the Securities Act on the terms and circumstances described in the following paragraphs. Of the total outstanding 9,000,000 shares, 4,680,000 shares were issued to Paul Hutchinson; 2,160,000 shares were issued to James Hutchinson, the Company’s president, and 2,160,000 shares were issued to Robert Hutchinson, the Company’s vice president upon our incorporation in Nevada in February 2009 in exchange for their respective partnership interests in their Massachusetts partnership. The foregoing issuances of securities were affected in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by section 4(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, (the “Act”) as amended. II-1 ITEM 16 EXHIBITS 3.1 Articles of Incorporation 3.2 By-Laws 5.1 Opinion of Gary B. Wolff, P.C. 10.1 Agreement between J. H. Miller Picture Framing Co., Inc., its president and its counsel 14.1 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 23.1 Consent of Li & Company, PC 23.2 Consent of Gary B. Wolff, P.C. (included in Exhibit 5.1) 99.1 Copy of Subscription Agreement The exhibits are not part of the prospectus and will not be distributed with the prospectus. ITEM 17 UNDERTAKINGS The Registrant undertakes: 1. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whet her such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. The Registrant is registering securities under Rule 415 of the Securities Act and hereby undertakes: 1. To file, during any period in which it offers or sells securities, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement to: (i) Include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act; (ii) Reflect in the prospectus any facts or events which, individually or together, represent a fundamental change in the information in the registration statement; and notwithstanding the forgoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation From the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospects filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in the volume and price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the "Calculation of Registration Fee" table in the effective registration statement. (iii) Include any additional or changed material information on the plan of distribution. 2. That, for the purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. 3. To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes that: 4. For determining liability of the undersigned small business issuer under the Securities Act to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned small business issuer undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned small business issuer pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned small business issuer will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: II-2 i. Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned small business issuer relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; ii. Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned small business issuer or used or referred to by the undersigned small business issuer; iii. The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned small business issuer or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned small business issuer; and iv. Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned small business issuer to the purchaser. g. That for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act to any purchaser: 2. Since the small business issuer is subject to Rule 430C Each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. 5. Request for Acceleration of Effective Date. If the small business issuer (Registrant) requests acceleration of the effective date of this registration statement under Rule 461 under the Securities Act, it shall include the following: “Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 (the “Act”) may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the small business issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the small business issuer has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable.” In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the small business issuer of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the small business issuer in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the small business issuer will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. II-3 SIGNATURES In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the Registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form S1 and authorized this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned in the City of Springfield, Commonwealth of Massachusetts on the 7th day of May 2009. J. H. Miller Picture Framing Co., Inc. /s/ James Hutchinson By: James Hutchinson, Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the date indicated. Signature(s) Title(s) Date /s/ James Hutchinson President, CEO, Principal Executive May 7, 2009 By: James Hutchinson Chief Executive Officer Officer, Treasurer, Chairman, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer /s/ Robert Hutchinson Vice President, Secretary and Director May 7, 2009 By: Robert Hutchinson II-4
