mtnrenewabless1_52609.htm As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on _____________________ Registration No. ________________ UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON D.C. 20549 ____________________________ FORM S-1 (Amendment No. 0 ) REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 _____________________________ Mountain Renewables, Inc. (Name of small business issuer in its charter) Nevada 3433 37-1563401 (State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) or Organization) Mountain Renewables, Inc. 1772 Grape Street Denver, Colorado 80220 (Address and telephone number of principal executive offices and principal place of business) Richard Giannotti, President Mountain Renewables, Inc. 1772 Grape Street Denver, Colorado 80220 (720) 341-8235 (Name, address and telephone number of agent for service) APPROXIMATE DATE OF PROPOSED SALE TO THE PUBLIC: From time to time after this Registration Statement becomes effective. If any securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following box: [X ] If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ________ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. _________ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. _________ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company x CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of each class of securities to be registered Number of Shares to be registered Proposed maximum offering price per share(1) (2) Proposed maximum aggregate offering price Amount of registration fee Common Stock, $0.001 par value 13,515,000 $ 0.10 $ 1,351,500 $ 75.00 Total Registration Fee 13,515,000 $ 0.10 $ 1,351,500 $ 75.00 ____________________ (1) Estimated solely for purposes of calculating the registration fee in accordance with Rule 457(e) under the Securities Act of 1933. (2) Calculated in accordance with Rule 457(g)(1). The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. The information in this Prospectus is not complete and may be changed. The selling stockholders may not sell these securities until the registration statement is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and becomes effective. This Prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the sale is not permitted. PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED _____________________. Mountain Renewables, Inc. 13,515 Shares of Common Stock This prospectus relates to the sale of up to 13,515,000 shares of our common stock. This is the initial registration of shares of our common stock. The selling stockholders will sell the shares from time to time at a fixed price of $0.10 per share. Our common stock is not traded on any national securities exchange and is not quoted on any over-the-counter market. If our shares become quoted on the Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board, sales will be made at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. We cannot provide any assurance that our common stock will ever be traded on the OTC Bulletin Board or on any stock exchange. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the common stock. Investing in these securities involves significant risks. See "Risk Factors" beginning on page 5. We may amend or supplement this prospectus from time to time by filing amendments or supplements as required. You should read the entire prospectus and any amendments or supplements carefully before you make your investment decision. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this Prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of this prospectus is _____, 2009. - 2 - Table of Contents Page Prospectus Summary 4 Risk Factors 5 Use of Proceeds 14 Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 14 Management’s Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation 15 Business 18 Employees 21 Legal Proceedings 21 Management 22 Executive Compensation 23 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 24 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 24 Description of Securities to be Registered 24 Indemnification for Securities Act Liabilities 25 Plan of Distribution 25 Selling Stockholders 26 Legal Matters 28 Experts 28 Available Information 28 Index to Financial Statements 29 Signatures I-4 - 3 - You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with information different from that which is contained in this prospectus. This prospectus may be used only where it is legal to sell these securities. The information in this prospectus may only be accurate on the date of this prospectus, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus or of any sale of securities. PROSPECTUS SUMMARY The following summary highlights selected information contained in this prospectus. This summary does not contain all the information you should consider before investing in the securities. Before making an investment decision, you should read the entire prospectus carefully, including the "risk factors" section, the financial statements and the notes to the financial statements. As used throughout this prospectus, the terms “Mountain” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to Mountain Renewables, Inc. MOUNTAIN RENEWABLES, INC. We are currently focused selling our inventory of refurbished solar collectors. To date, we have generated only minimal revenues from the sale of refurbished solar collectors which directly convert sunlight into heat. We presently have no ongoing supply agreement with any manufacturer of solar products. We intend to focus our sales efforts in Denver, Colorado, where government incentives have accelerated solar. Our ads run over the internet at little or no cost to us. We anticipate that our customers will be owners of residential properties (both single and muli-family dwellings ) who would purchase the solar panels and consume the resultant heat energy output. There is currently no public market for our common stock. We plan to open a discussion with market makers in order to arrange for an application to be made with respect to our common stock, to be approved for quotation on the Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board upon the effectiveness of this prospectus. There is no guarantee that we will be listed on the Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board. Our offices are located in the home of our president at 1772 Grape Street, Denver Colorado 80220, and our telephone number is: (720-341-8235). We are a Nevada corporation. Common stock outstanding before the offering Prior to this Offering, we have 13,515,000 shares of Common Stock outstanding. Securities offered by the Selling Shareholders Up to 13,515,000 shares of common stock. This number represents 100.0% of our current outstanding stock. Common stock to be outstanding after the offering Up to 13,515,000 shares. Use of proceeds We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the common stock. The above information regarding common stock to be outstanding after the offering is based on 13,515,000 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2009. Description of Private Placements. None. During March 2009, we issued 140,000 shares of common stock to Sonja Gouak, for contracted services. All of the shares of common stock that are being registered for resale pursuant to this prospectus have been issued. - 4 - Summary Financial Information (in thousands, except per share information) The following information as of March 31, 2009 has been derived from our financial statements which appear elsewhere in this prospectus. Three Months Ended March 31, 2009 March 27, 2008 (inception) thru March 31, 2009 Revenues $ 375 $ 375 Total Operating Expenses $ 585 $ 1,183 Net income (loss) $ (442) $ (1,040) Income (loss) per share (basic and diluted) $ **) $ (**) Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding (basic and diluted) 13,398,000 11,390,000 ______________ ** Less than $(.01) per share Balance Sheet Information: March 31, 2009 Unaudited Dec 31, 2008 Audited Working capital $ 21,016 $ 21,226 Total assets 56,634 22,076 Total liabilities 0 0 Accumulated deficit during development stage (1,040) (598) Stockholders’ equity (deficit) $ 56,634 $ 22.076 RISK FACTORS This investment has a high degree of risk. Before you invest you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below and the other information in this prospectus. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed and the value of our stock could go down. This means you could lose all or a part of your investment. - 5 - We have a limited operating history, there is no certainty that we will ever generate revenue and achieve profitability. We currently have no significant business operations and have incurred operating losses since our inception totaling $1,040. We have incurred significant losses from operations. As shown in our financial statements, as of the periods ended December 31, 2008 and March 31, 2009, we have incurred a cumulative net losses of $ 598 and $1,040, respectively from operations. We expect to incur significant increasing operating losses for the foreseeable future, primarily due to the expansion of our operations. The negative cash flow from operations is expected to continue and to accelerate in the foreseeable future. Our ability to achieve profitability depends upon our ability to acquire and resell refurbished solar collectors. We currently do not have any recurring revenues and have only very limited products in our inventory. There can be no assurance that we will ever achieve significant revenues or profitable operations from the sale of refurbished solar collectors. We may be unable to manage our growth, if any, or implement our expansion strategy. We may not be able to purchase or resell refurbished solar collectors on a volume basis and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by low sales volume. Additional financing may be necessary for the implementation of out growth strategy. We may require additional debt and/or equity financing to pursue our growth strategy. Given our limited operating history and existing losses, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining additional financing. Lack of additional funding could force us to curtail substantially our growth plans. Furthermore, the issuance by us of any additional securities pursuant to any future fundraising activities undertaken by us would dilute the ownership of existing shareholders and may reduce the price of our common stock. Furthermore, debt financing, if available, will require payment of interest and may involve restrictive covenants that could impose limitations on our operating flexibility. Our failure to successfully obtain additional future funding may jeopardize our ability to continue our business and operations. The loss of our current executive officer or our inability to attract and retain the necessary personnel could have a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition or results of operations Our success is heavily dependent on the continued active participation of our current executive officer listed under “Management.” Loss of the services of our officer could have a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition or results of operations. Further, our success and achievement of our growth plans depend on our ability to recruit, hire, train and retain other highly qualified technical and managerial personnel. Competition for qualified employees among companies in the technology industry is intense, and the loss of any of such persons, or an inability to attract, retain and motivate any additional highly skilled employees required for the expansion of our activities, could have a materially adverse effect on us. The inability on our part to attract and retain the necessary personnel and consultants and advisors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We are controlled by our current officer and director. Our director, executive officer and principal stockholder beneficially owns approximately 29.6% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. Accordingly, our executive officer and director will have the ability to control the election of our Board of Directors of the Company and the outcome of issues submitted to our stockholders. We have insufficient financial resources to take advantage of supply opportunities as they may arise. . The inability to obtain sufficient refurbished solar collectors would adversely affect our ability to meet future customer demand for products and could impair our ability to enter this market. - 6 - Our dependence on our single present supplier of refurbished solar collectors could prevent us from delivering our products which could result in substantial harm to our business . We intend to initially purchase our refurbished solar collectors from a single third-party supplier. If we fail to maintain our relationships with this source or to secure additional supply sources from others, we may be unable to provide our products or our products may be available only at a higher cost or after a long delay, which could prevent us from delivering our products to our customers within required timeframes, and we may experience order cancellations and our business may fail. In order to obtain required supplies, we may need to make large inventory purchases on short notice, and prior to having purchase orders or deposits from our customers. We may not have sufficient financial resources to make these purchases, which may exacerbate supply shortages. Our operating results will be subject to fluctuations and our stock price may decline significantly. Our quarterly revenue, if any, and operating results will be difficult to predict from quarter to quarter. It is possible that our operating results in some quarters will be below market expectations. Our quarterly operating results will be affected by a number of factors, including: • the average selling price of our solar collectors; • the availability, pricing and timeliness of delivery solar panels; • the impact of seasonal variations in demand and/or revenue recognition linked to construction cycles and weather conditions; • timing, availability and changes in government incentive programs; • unplanned additional expenses; • acquisition costs; • unpredictable volume and timing of customer orders, which are not fixed by contract; • foreign currency fluctuations; • our ability to establish and expand customer relationships; • the availability, pricing and timeliness of delivery of other products, such as pumps and controls necessary for our solar products to function; • the timing of new product or technology announcements or introductions by our competitors and other developments in the competitive environment; • increases or decreases in natural gas and electric rates due to changes in fossil fuel prices or other factors; and • Shipping and other factors causing business delays. If revenue for a particular quarter is lower than we expect, we likely will be unable to proportionately reduce our operating expenses for that quarter, which would harm our operating results for that quarter. If we fail to meet investor expectations or our own future guidance, even by a small amount, our stock price could decline, perhaps substantially. Existing regulations and policies and changes to these regulations and policies may present technical, regulatory and economic barriers to the purchase and use of solar collectors, which may significantly reduce demand for our products. The market for solar hot water is influenced by U.S. federal, state and local government regulations and policies concerning the utility industry, as well as policies promulgated by electric utilities. These regulations and policies often relate to natural gas and electricity pricing and technical interconnection of customer-owned electricity generation. In the U.S. and in a number of other countries, these regulations and policies are being modified and may continue to be modified. Investment in the alternative energy sources, including solar hot water, could be deterred by these regulations and policies, which could result in a significant reduction in the potential demand for our solar products. For example, loss of certain major incentive programs and/or the regulatory mandated exception for solar collectors, our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition would be harmed. We anticipate that our solar products and their installation will be subject to oversight and regulation in accordance with national and local ordinances relating to building codes, safety and environmental protection. It is difficult to track the requirements of individual states. Any new government regulations could cause a significant reduction in demand for our refurbished solar collectors. The reduction or elimination of government and economic incentives could cause our revenue to decline. We believe that the near-term growth of the solar thermal market depends in large part on the availability and size of government and economic incentives. Because a portion of sales for Mountain are expected to involve this solar thermal market, the reduction or elimination of government and economic incentives may adversely affect the growth of this market or result in increased price competition, both of which could cause our revenue to decline. - 7 - Today, the cost of heat from solar collectors exceeds retail natural gas and electric rates in many locations. As a result, federal, state and local government bodies in many countries, most notably Germany, Japan, Spain, Italy, Portugal, South Korea and the United States, have provided incentives in the form of feed-in tariffs, rebates, tax credits and other incentives to end users, distributors, system integrators and manufacturers of solar power products to promote the use of solar energy in and to reduce dependency on other forms of energy. These government economic incentives could be reduced or eliminated altogether. For example, Germany has been a strong supporter of solar power products and systems and political changes in Germany could result in significant reductions or eliminations of incentives, including the reduction of feed-in tariffs more rapidly than required by current law. Some solar program incentives expire, decline over time, are limited in total funding or require renewal of authority. Net metering and other operational policies in California, Japan or other markets could limit the amount of solar power installed there. Reductions in, or eliminations or expirations of, governmental incentives could result in decreased demand for and lower revenue from our products. Changes in the level or structure of a renewable portfolio standard could also result in decreased demand for and lower revenue from our products. Changes in tax laws or fiscal policies may decrease the return on investment for customers of our business which could decrease demand for our products and harm our business. We anticipate that a major portion of our future revenues will be derived from sales of solar collectors to individual homeowners. In deciding whether to purchase and install our refurbished solar collectors prospective customers may evaluate their projected return on investment. Such projections are based on current and proposed federal, state and local laws, particularly tax legislation. Changes to these laws, including amendments to existing tax laws or the introduction of new tax laws, tax court rulings as well as changes in administrative guidelines, ordinances and similar rules and regulations could result in different tax assessments and may adversely affect a homeowner’s projected return on investment, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Problems with product quality or product performance, including defects, in the refurbished solar collectors we sell could result in a decrease in customers and revenue, unexpected expenses and loss of market share. The refurbished solar cells we have purchased to date may contain undetected errors or defects. If we deliver refurbished panels with errors or defects our credibility and the market acceptance and sales of our solar products could be harmed. The refurbished solar collectors we intend to distribute may not gain market acceptance, which would prevent us from achieving sales and market share. The development of a successful market for the products we intend to distribute may be adversely affected by a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: • our failure to offer products that compete favorably against other solar power collectors on the basis of cost, quality and performance; • our failure to offer products that compete favorably against conventional energy sources and alternative distributed-generation technologies, such as wind, biomass and solar photovoltaic, on the basis of cost, quality and performance; If the products we intend to distribute fail to gain market acceptance, we will be unable to achieve sales and market share. - 8 - Technological changes in the solar power industry may have rendered the products we intend to distribute uncompetitive or obsolete, which could prevent us from achieving market share and sales. Recent refinements in technology may have caused the products we intend to distribute to become uncompetitive or obsolete, which could prevent us from achieving market share and sales. The solar industry is rapidly evolving and highly competitive. A variety of competing solar technologies may be under development or available now that could result in lower manufacturing costs or higher product performance than those products selected by us. These development efforts may render obsolete the products we have selected to offer, and other technologies may prove more advantageous. Existing regulations and changes to such regulations may present technical, regulatory and economic barriers to the purchase and use of solar power products, which may significantly reduce demand for our products. The market for electricity generation products is heavily influenced by foreign, federal, state and local government regulations and policies concerning the electric utility industry, as well as internal policies and regulations promulgated by electric and natural gas utilities. These regulations and policies often relate to electricity pricing and technical interconnection. In the United States these regulations and policies are being modified and may continue to be modified. We anticipate that our solar thermal products and their installation will be subject to oversight and regulation in accordance with national and local ordinances relating to building codes, safety, environmental protection, and related matters. Any new government regulations or utility policies pertaining to our solar power products may result in significant additional expenses to us and as a result, could cause a significant reduction in demand for our solar products. If our solar technology is not suitable for widespread adoption or sufficient demand for solar products does not develop or takes longer to develop than we anticipate, we would be unable to achieve sales. The market for solar products is emerging and rapidly evolving, and its future success is uncertain. If solar technology proves unsuitable for widespread deployment or if demand for our solar products fails to develop sufficiently, we would be unable to achieve sales and market share. In addition, demand for solar products in the markets and geographic regions we target may not develop or may develop more slowly than we anticipate. Many factors will influence the widespread adoption of solar technology and demand for solar power products, including: • cost-effectiveness of solar technologies as compared with conventional and competitive alternative energy technologies; • performance and reliability of solar products as compared with conventional and non-solar alternative energy products; • success of alternative distributed generation technologies such as hydrogen fuel cells, wind turbines, bio-diesel generators and large-scale solar thermal technologies; • fluctuations in economic and market conditions that impact the viability of conventional and competitive alternative energy sources; • increases or decreases in the prices of oil, coal and natural gas; • capital expenditures by customers, which tend to decrease when the domestic or foreign economies slow; • continued deregulation of the electric power industry and broader energy industry; and • availability and or effectiveness of government subsidies and incentives. - 9 - The reduction or elimination of government economic incentives could prevent us from achieving sales and market share. The reduction or elimination of government economic incentives may adversely affect the growth of this market or result in increased price competition, which could prevent us from achieving sales and market share. Today, the cost of solar exceeds the cost of energy furnished by the electric utility grid in many locations. As a result, federal, state and local government bodies in many countries, most notably Germany, Japan and the United States, have provided incentives in the form of rebates, tax credits and other incentives to end users, distributors, system integrators and manufacturers of solar products to promote the use of solar energy to reduce dependency on fossil fuels. These government economic incentives could be reduced or eliminated altogether, which would significantly harm our business. We face intense competition from other companies producing solar power and other energy generation products. If we fail to compete effectively, we may be unable to increase our market share and sales. Most of our competitors are substantially larger than we are, have longer operating histories and have substantially greater financial, technical, manufacturing and other resources than we do. Our competitors' greater sizes in some cases provides them with competitive advantages with respect to manufacturing costs due to their ability to allocate fixed costs across a greater volume of production and purchase raw materials at lower prices. They also have far greater name recognition, an established distribution network and an installed base of customers. In addition, many of our competitors have well-established relationships with current and potential resellers, which have extensive knowledge of our target markets. As a result, our competitors will be able to devote greater resources to the research, development, promotion and sale of their products and may be able to respond more quickly to evolving industry standards and changing customer requirements than we can. A substantial number of our issued shares are, or are being made available for sale on the open market. The resale of these securities might adversely affect our stock price. The sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock being registered under this registration statement, or the market's anticipation of such sales, could make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and at a price that we might otherwise wish to effect sales. . Availability of these shares for sale in the public market could also impair our ability to raise capital by selling equity securities. We are subject to new corporate governance and internal control reporting requirements, and our costs related to compliance with, or our failure to comply with existing and future requirements, could adversely affect our business. We face new corporate governance requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as new rules and regulations subsequently adopted by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. These laws, rules and regulations continue to evolve and may become increasingly stringent in the future. In particular, under new SEC rules we will be required to include management's report on internal controls as part of our 2009 annual report pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Furthermore, under the proposed rules, an attestation report on our internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm will be required as part of our annual report for the year ending in 2009. We are in the process of evaluating our control structure to help ensure that we will be able to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The financial cost of compliance with these laws, rules and regulations is expected to be substantial. We cannot assure you that we will be able to fully comply with these laws, rules and regulations that address corporate governance, internal control reporting and similar matters. Failure to comply with these laws, rules and regulations could materially adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and the value of our securities. - 10 - We will continue to be dependent on a limited number of third-party suppliers, which could prevent us from delivering our products to our customers within required timeframes, which could result in installation delays, cancellations and loss of market share. In addition to our reliance on our one supplier for our solar panels, our customers will rely on third-party suppliers for key components for our solar systems, such controls and pumps. If we fail to develop or maintain our relationships with our sole supplier, we may be unable to purchase our products or our products may be available only at a higher cost or after a long delay, which could prevent us from delivering our products to our customers within required timeframes and we may experience order cancellation and loss of market share. To the extent the processes that our supplier uses to manufacture components are proprietary, we may be unable to obtain comparable components from alternative suppliers. The failure of a supplier to supply components in a timely manner, or to supply components that meet our quality, quantity and cost requirements, could impair our ability to manufacture our products. If we cannot obtain substitute materials on a timely basis or on acceptable terms, we could be prevented from delivering our products to our customers within required timeframes, which could result in installation delays, cancellations and loss of market share, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Because the markets in which we compete are highly competitive and many of our competitors have greater resources, we may not be able to compete successfully and we may lose or be unable to gain market share. We expect to face increased competition in the future. Further, many of our competitors are developing and are currently producing products based on new solar technologies that may ultimately have costs similar to, or lower than, our projected costs. Our solar products compete against other power generation sources including conventional fossil fuels supplied by utilities, other alternative energy sources such as wind, biomass, CSP and emerging distributed generation technologies such as micro-turbines, sterling engines and fuel cells. In the large-scale on-grid solar power systems market, we will face direct competition from a number of companies that manufacture, distribute, or install solar. Potential competitors in the solar power market include universities and research institutions. We also expect that future competition will include new entrants to the solar power market offering new technological solutions. As we enter new markets and pursues additional applications for our products and services, we expect to face increased competition, which may result in price reductions, reduced margins or loss of market share. Competition is intense, and many of our competitors have significantly greater access to financial, technical, manufacturing, marketing, management and other resources than we do. Many also have greater name recognition, a more established distribution network and a larger installed base of customers. In addition, many of our competitors have well-established relationships with our potential suppliers, resellers and their customers and have extensive knowledge of our target markets. As a result, these competitors may be able to devote greater resources to the research, development, promotion and sale of their products and respond more quickly to evolving industry standards and changing customer requirements than we will be able to. Consolidation or strategic alliances among such competitors may strengthen these advantages and may provide them greater access to customers or new technologies. To the extent that government funding for research and development grants, customer tax rebates and other programs that promote the use of solar and other renewable forms of energy are limited, we will compete for such funds, both directly and indirectly, with other renewable energy providers and their customers. If we cannot compete successfully in the solar industry, our operating results and financial condition will be adversely affected. Furthermore, we expect competition in the targeted markets to increase, which could result in lower prices or reduced demand for our product and service offerings and may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. - 11 - The demand for products are affected by general economic conditions. The United States and international economies have recently experienced a period of slowing economic growth. A sustained economic recovery is uncertain. In particular, terrorist acts and similar events, continued turmoil in the Middle East or war in general could contribute to a slowdown of the market demand for products that require significant initial capital expenditures, including demand for solar collectors and solar systems and new residential and commercial buildings. In addition, increases in interest rates may increase financing costs to customers, which in turn may decrease demand for our solar products. If the economic recovery slows down as a result of the recent economic, political and social turmoil, or if there are further terrorist attacks in the United States or elsewhere, we may experience decreases in the demand for our solar products, which may harm our operating results. Compliance with environmental regulations can be expensive, and noncompliance with these regulations may result in adverse publicity and potentially significant monetary damages and fines for us. We are required to comply with all foreign, U.S. federal, state and local laws and regulations regarding pollution control and protection of the environment. In addition, under some statutes and regulations, a government agency, or other parties, may seek recovery and response costs from operators of property where releases of hazardous substances have occurred or are ongoing, even if the operator was not responsible for such release or otherwise at fault. In the course of future business we may use, generate and discharge toxic, volatile and otherwise hazardous chemicals and wastes in our operations or related research and development and manufacturing activities. Any failure by us to control the use of, or to restrict adequately the discharge of, hazardous substances could subject us to potentially significant monetary damages and fines or suspensions in our business operations. In addition, if more stringent laws and regulations are adopted in the future, the costs of compliance with these new laws and regulations could be substantial. If we fail to comply with present or future environmental laws and regulations we may be required to pay substantial fines, suspend production or cease operations. There are restrictions on the transferability of the securities. Until registered for resale, investors must bear the economic risk of an investment in the Shares for an indefinite period of time. Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (“Rule 144”), which provides for an exemption from the registration requirements under the Securities Act under certain conditions, requires, among other conditions, a six month holding period prior to the resale (in limited amounts) of securities acquired in a non-public offering without having to satisfy the registration requirements under the Securities Act. However, our securities currently are not eligible for the Rule 144 exemption. There can be no assurance that we will fulfill any reporting requirements in the future under the Exchange Act or disseminate to the public any current financial or other information concerning us, as is required by Rule 144 as part of the conditions of our availability. If the Company uses its stock in acquisitions of other entities there may be substantial dilution at the time of a transaction. The $0.10 per share offering price of the common stock being sold under this prospectus has been arbitrarily set. The price does not bear any relationship to our assets, book value, earnings or net worth and it is not an indication of actual value. Accordingly, if you purchase shares in this offering, you may experience substantial dilution. You may also suffer additional dilution in the future from the sale of additional shares of common stock or other securities or if the Company’s shares are issued to purchase other entities assets. - 12 - There is presently no market for our common stock, any failure to develop or maintain a trading market could negatively affect the value of our shares and make it difficult or impossible for you to sell your shares. Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for our common stock and a public market for our common stock may not develop upon completion of this offering. While we will attempt to have our common stock quoted on the Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board, since the OTC Bulleting Board is a dealer system we will have to seek market-makers to provide quotations for the common stock and it is possible that no market-maker will want to provide such quotations. Failure to develop or maintain an active trading market could negatively affect the value of our shares and make it difficult for you to sell your shares or recover any part of your investment in us. Even if a market for our common stock does develop, the market price of our common stock may be highly volatile. In addition to the uncertainties relating to our future operating performance and the profitability of our operations, factors such as variations in our interim financial results, or various, as yet unpredictable factors, many of which are beyond our control, may have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock. Even if our common stock is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board under a symbol, the OTC Bulletin Board provides a limited trading market. Accordingly, there can be no assurance as to the liquidity of any markets that may develop for our common stock, the ability of holders of our common stock to sell our common stock, or the prices at which holders may be able to sell our common stock. Our common stock will be subject to the “Penny Stock” rules of the SEC. The Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted Rule 15g-9 which establishes the definition of a "penny stock," for the purposes relevant to us, as any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require: · that a broker or dealer approve a person's account for transactions in penny stocks; and the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. In order to approve a person's account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: · obtain financial information and investment experience objectives of the person; and make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the Commission relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form: · sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination; and · that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. Generally, brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the "penny stock" rules. This may make it more difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock. Disclosure also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. - 13 - Should our stock become listed on the OTC Bulletin Board, if we fail to remain current on our reporting requirements, we could be removed from the OTC Bulletin Board which would limit the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and the ability of stockholders to sell their securities in the secondary market. Companies trading on the Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board, such as us we are seeking to become, must be reporting issuers under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and must be current in their reports under Section 13, in order to maintain price quotation privileges on the OTC Bulletin Board. If we fail to remain current on our reporting requirements, we could be removed from the OTC Bulletin Board. As a result, the market liquidity for our securities could be severely adversely affected by limiting the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and the ability of stockholders to sell their securities in the secondary market. In addition, we may be unable to get re-listed on the OTC Bulletin Board, which may have an adverse material effect on our Company. USE OF PROCEEDS This prospectus relates to shares of our common stock that may be offered and sold from time to time by the selling stockholders. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares of common stock in this offering. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Market for Securities There is currently no public trading market for our common stock. As of December 31, 2008 and March 31, 2009 we had 13,375,000 and 13,515,000 shares respectively of common stock issued and outstanding and approximately 41 and 42 stockholders respectively of record of our common stock. Dividend Policy The payment by us of dividends, if any, in the future rests within the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend, among other things, upon our earnings, capital requirements and financial condition, as well as other relevant factors. We have not paid any dividends since our inception and we do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but intend to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business. Equity Compensation Plan Information As of December 31, 2008 and March 31, 2009 we have not adopted an equity compensation plan under which our common stock is authorized for issuance. - 14 - MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATION Forward-Looking Statements The information in this prospectus contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact made in this prospectus are forward looking. In particular, the statements herein regarding industry prospects and future results of operations or financial position are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as “believes,” “estimates,” “could,” “possibly,” “probably,” anticipates,” “projects,” “expects,” “may,” “will,” or “should” or other variations or similar words. No assurances can be given that the future results anticipated by the forward-looking statements will be achieved. Forward-looking statements reflect management’s current expectations and are inherently uncertain. Our actual results may differ significantly from management’s expectations. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, included herewith. This discussion should not be construed to imply that the results discussed herein will necessarily continue into the future, or that any conclusion reached herein will necessarily be indicative of actual operating results in the future. Such discussion represents only the best present assessment of our management. Limited Operating History There is limited historical financial information about our Company upon which to base an evaluation of our future performance. Our Company has generated only limited revenues from operations. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in our business. We are subject to risks inherent in a small company, including limited capital resources, delays in product delivery, and possible cost overruns due to price and cost increases. There is no assurance that future financing will be available to our company on acceptable terms. Additional equity financing could result in dilution to existing shareholders. Company Description and Overview Mountain Renewables, Inc. was formed on March 27, 2008. . The originating founder, director and officer of our company was Richard Giannotti.. We are currently focused on procuring and reselling refurbished solar collectors. We intend to enter into supply agreement(s) with manufacturers of solar products and technologies which directly convert sunlight into heat. We are seeking solar collectors that have the highest conversion efficiency, a measurement of the amount of sunlight converted by the solar collector into heat For the year ended December 31, 2008, we had generated no revenues and we incurred losses of $598. For the period from inception thru March 31, 2009, we generated $375 in revenues and we incurred losses of $1,040. Our operating expenses included significant legal, consulting and accounting expenses. We are considered a development stage company. We expect to continue to use cash in our operating activities for at least the next year as we expand sales. Results of Operations See the Financial Statements for comparison data to prior periods. We have financed our operations since inception primarily through cash contributed and raised by our officer and director. As of March 31, 2009, we had $21,016 in cash, and working capital of $21,634. - 15 - The following table sets forth our statements of operations data from inception, March 27,2008 thru March 31, 2009. Summary Income Statement Revenues, net $ 375 Gross profit (loss) 143 Selling, general and administrative expenses 1,183 Total operating expenses 1,183 Loss from operations (1,040) Other Income (expense) - Loss from operations before income taxes (1,040) Income tax provision - Net loss $ (1,040) Revenues For the year ended December 31, 2008 we had no revenues. Cost of sales For the year ended December 31, 2008 we had no cost of sales. Selling, general and administrative Selling, general and administrative expenses for the three month ended March 31, 2009 and the period form inception through March 31, 2009 were $598 and $1,183 respectively. Research & development None. Other income (expense) None. Net Loss Our net loss was $ 442 and $ 1,040 respectively for the year ended December 31, 2008 and the period from inception to March 31, 2009. The net loss reflects our expenses relating to this registration statement. These expenses have been incurred ahead of our ability to recognize material revenues. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2008, we had cash and cash equivalents of $21,226, and working capital of $22,026. During the year ended December 31, 2008, we funded our operations from cash contributions of our founding officer, sale of private equity and our transaction with Ambermax. For the period from inception, March 27, 2008, through March 31, 2009, we used $ 1,658 of cash in operations and financing activities provided $ 22,674 of cash. There were no investing activities. - 16 - The following table sets forth our statements of operations data for the three months ended March 31, 2009 and the period from inception, March 27, 2008 through March 31, 2009 . Summary Income Statement Three Months Ended March 31, 2009 Period form Inception March 27, 2008 through March 31, 2009 Revenues, net $ 375 $ 375 Gross profit (loss) 143 143 Selling, general and administrative expenses Research & development expenses - - Total operating expenses 585 1,183 Loss from operations Other Income (expense) - - Loss from operations before income taxes (442) (1,040 ) Income tax provision - - Net loss $ (442 ) $ (1,040 ) Revenues For the Year ended December 31, 2008 and three months ended March 31, 2009, we had no revenues and $375 in revenues, respectively Cost of sales For the Three months ended March 31. 2009 and the period form inception through March 31, 2009 we had no $232 and $232 respectively cost of sales. Selling, general and administrative Selling, general and administrative expenses for the three month period ended December 31, 2008 and the period form inception through March 31, 2009 were $585 and $1,183 respectively. - 17 - Research & development Net Loss Our net loss for the three month period ended March 31, 2009 and for period from inception through March 31, 2009 the net loss was $442 and $1,040 respectively . Our net loss for the period from inception through December 31, 2008 was $598. The net loss reflects our expenses relating to this registration statement. These expenses have been incurred ahead of our ability to recognize material revenues from our new strategy. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of March 31, 2009, we had cash and cash equivalents of $21,016 and working capital of $21,634. Since inception we funded our operations from cash contributed by our officer, private sales of equity securities and cash received from our transaction with Ambermax. We expect to continue to seek additional funding through private or public equity and debt financing. However, there can be no assurance that our plans discussed above will materialize and/or that we will be successful in funding our estimated cash shortfalls through additional debt or equity capital and/or any cash generated by our operations. These factors, among others, indicate that we may be unable to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. Assuming we are successful in our sales/development effort we believe that we will be able to raise additional funds through the sale of our stock to either current or new shareholders. Of course there is no guarantee that we will be able to raise additional funds or to do so at an advantageous price. Significant Capital Expenditures There were no significant capital expenditures Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles requires management of our company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Our management routinely makes judgments and estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. As the number of variables and assumptions affecting the probable future resolution of the uncertainties increase, these judgments become even more subjective and complex. Our significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 1 to our financial statements. BUSINESS Overview We are focused acquiring and reselling solar collectors. Our company was incorporated in the State of Nevada on March 27, 2008. - 18 - Our business is to market and sell solar products. Specifically, we intend to engage in the following: · Procure refurbished solar collectors ; and · Sell solar collectors using free local advertising on the internet. The Energy Industry Fossil fuels are non-renewable resources, meaning that at some point the world will exhaust all known oil and natural gas reserves. The electrical utility industry and traditional oil and gas companies face many challenges in meeting the growing worldwide demand for energy, including the following: · Fossil Fuel Supply Constraints: A large portion of the world's electricity is generated from fossil fuels such as coal, oil and natural gas. Limited fossil fuel supply and escalating demand for electricity should continue to drive up wholesale electricity prices, creating a need to develop new technologies for power generation. · Infrastructure Constraints: In many parts of the world, the existing electricity generation and transmission infrastructure is insufficient to meet projected demand. Developing and building a centralized power supply and delivery infrastructure is capital intensive. This has left the electricity supply insufficient to meet demand in some areas, resulting in both scheduled and unscheduled blackouts. · Desire for Energy Security: Given the political and economic instability in the major oil and gas producing regions of the world, governments are trying to reduce their dependence on foreign sources of fossil fuels. Environmental Issues In addition to the fundamental challenges described above, the energy industry has increasingly become the target of environmental concerns. Government regulators have strengthened air and water emissions control requirements over the past decade. New U.S. power plants are required to install emission control technologies, which can be costly. This expense causes electricity from new fossil fuel-fired plants to cost more than electricity from existing power plants, which increases retail electric rates over time. To date, concerns regarding negative environmental impacts have slowed oil and gas exploration in such resource asset areas as the Alaskan Wildlife Preserve, the California coastal waters, and many other locations around the world. At the same time, climate change risks have created international political momentum to implement green house gas reduction strategies. Challenges Facing Solar Power The solar industry must overcome the following challenges to achieve widespread commercialization of its products: · Decrease Per Kilowatt-hour Cost to Customer. In most cases, the current cost of heat from solar is greater than the cost of heat from retail electricity from the utility network. While government programs and consumer preference have accelerated the use of solar, cost remains one of the largest impediments to growth. To provide an economically attractive alternative to heat from conventional electricity, the solar industry must continually reduce manufacturing and installrd costs. - 19 - · Achieve Higher Conversion Efficiencies. Increasing the efficiency of solar collectors reduces the material and assembly costs required to build a solar panel with a given heat collection capacity. Increased efficiency also reduces the amount of rooftop space required for a solar system, thus lowering the cost of installation per consumer. · Improve Product Appearance. We believe that aesthetics are a barrier to wider adoption of solar, particularly among residential consumers. Historically, residential and commercial customers have resisted solar products, in part, because most solar panels are perceived as unattractive. Solar Thermal Design and Installation We do not provide design, installation, maintenance or other support to customers. We expect our current residential customers to be generally highly educated, high-income professionals who are concerned about the environment and also have the disposable income and skill to design and install a solar system. We may however direct our customers to a third party contacts for their system design and engineering. Our Strategy We will concentrate on selling solar collectors over the internet. We believe the solar power industry is at an early stage of its growth and is highly fragmented with many smaller companies. Our principal objective in our business is to be the leader in the low cost solar collector sales. Accordingly, our growth strategy primarily includes: · Providing solar collectors for rooftop installations in residential applications. · Reducing installation costs by selling collectors at low cost. · Promoting and enhancing a reputation for lowest cost collectors. · Selling our solar collectors in a limited geographic market. - 20 - Competition The market for solar thermal collectors is competitive and continually evolving. We expect to face increased competition, which may result in our inability to sell our refurbished solar collectors. Many of our competitors have established a stronger market position than ours and have larger resources and recognition than we have. In addition, the solar market in general competes with other sources of renewable energy and conventional power generation. We believe that the key competitive factors in the market for solar panels include: • Efficiency and performance; • Price; • Aesthetic appearance of solar panels. We may also face competition from groups we have not yet identified who may develop products or technologies which are competitive with our products. Environmental Regulations We are subject to a variety of foreign, federal, state and local governmental laws and regulations related to the purchase, storage, use and disposal of hazardous materials. If we fail to comply with present or future environmental laws and regulations, we could be subject to fines, suspension of production or a cessation of operations. In addition, under some foreign, federal, state and local statutes and regulations, a governmental agency may seek recovery and response costs from operators of property where releases of hazardous substances have occurred or are ongoing, even if the operator was not responsible for the release or otherwise was not at fault. We believe that we will apply for and receive all environmental permits necessary to conduct our business We are not aware of any pending or threatened environmental investigation, proceeding or action by foreign, federal, state or local agencies, or third parties involving our current facilities. Any failure by us to control the use of or to restrict adequately the discharge of, hazardous substances could subject us to substantial financial liabilities, operational interruptions and adverse publicity, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. EMPLOYEES As of March 31, 2008, our sole officer and director is responsible for all procurement, sales, general and administrative functions. We have no other employees. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We are not presently a party to any pending material litigation nor, to the knowledge of our management, is any litigation threatened against us. - 21 - MANAGEMENT DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Our executive officers and directors and their respective ages and positions as of March 31 , 2009 are as follows: Name Age Position Richard Giannotti (1) 62 President, Chief Financial Officer and Director (1) Our President, founder and director Executive Biographies. Richard F. Giannotti, President, is a business graduate from American University in Washington, DC. He served as an Assistant National Bank Examiner with the U.S. Treasury Department before moving to Colorado. Mr. Giannotti has had extensive experience in both the securities and insurance industries over the last thirty years. His sales and marketing background had him employed with companies ranging in size from start-ups to a billion dollar international company. For the past several years, he has been involved with a start-up bio medical company and is presently engaged with MetLife Home Loans in Denver, Colorado. Board of Directors Our Directors are elected by the vote of a majority in interest of the holders of our voting stock and hold office until the expiration of the term for which he or she was elected and until a successor has been elected and qualified. A majority of the authorized number of directors constitutes a quorum of the Board for the transaction of business. The directors must be present at the meeting to constitute a quorum. However, any action required or permitted to be taken by the Board may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board individually or collectively consent in writing to the action. Directors may receive compensation for their services and reimbursement for their expenses as shall be determined from time to time by resolution of the Board. Presently our sole directors receives no compensation for his service on our Board of Directors. Director & Officer Compensation During March 2008 we issued 4,030,000 initial founders shares of common stock to founding shareholder, Richard Giannotti who at the time constituted the entire board of directors. Thereafter, Mr. Giannotti sold and additional 6,000,000 shares of our common stock to Bristlecone Associates, LLC for $5,000 cash. On November 14, 2008 we consummated a “share exchange agreement” with Ambermax IV. All of the shares owned by Mr. Giannotti are being registered in this registration statement. - 22 - We have no director compensation policy. Directors may be reimbursed for their expenses incurred for attending each board of directors meeting and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the directors or a stated salary as director. No policy or payment precludes any director from serving us in any other capacity and being compensated for the service. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like reimbursement and compensation for attending committee meetings. During the year ended December 31, 2008 and the quarter ending March 31, 2009, none of our directors were paid any fees to attend director meetings. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION There were no executives who received annual and/or long-term compensation for more than $100,000 per year at the end of the last completed fiscal year. Further, our chief executive officer for the year ended December 31, 2008 and the three months ended March 31, 2009 did not receive any compensation. Summary Compensation Table The following table sets forth certain information concerning compensation paid during years ended December 31,2008.: Name and principal position Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) Stock Awards ($) Option Awards ($) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Richard Giannotti 2008 — — — — — — — — Option Grants in Last Fiscal Year No stock options were granted to the Named Executives for the year ended December 31, 2008. Aggregated Option Exercises in Last Fiscal Year and Year-End Option Values No stock options were exercised or held for exercise. Equity Compensation Plan Information There is currently no stock option executive compensation plan in place. Employment and Consulting Agreements The Company has no agreement for employment. The company has a verbal agreement for certain financial printing services for which 140,000 shares of its common stock have been issued. - 23 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS We believe that we have executed all of the transactions set forth below on terms no less favorable to us than terms we could have obtained from unaffiliated third parties. It is our intention to ensure that all future transactions between us and our officers, directors and principal stockholders and their affiliates, are approved by a majority of the board of directors, including a majority of the independent and disinterested members of the board of directors, and are on terms no less favorable to us than those that we could obtain from unaffiliated third parties. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth certain information, as of March 31, 2009 , with respect to the beneficial ownership of the outstanding common stock by (i) any holder of more than five (5%) percent; (ii) each of our executive officers and directors; and (iii) our directors and executive officers as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, each of the stockholders listed below has sole voting and investment power over the shares beneficially owned. Title of Class Name of Beneficial Owner (1) Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (2) Percentage Ownership(2) Common Stock Richard Giannotti 4,030,000 29.8% Common Stock Bristlecone Associates, LLC 38113 Fruitland Mesa Road Crawford, CO 81415 6,000,000 44.4% Common Stock All Executive Officers and Directors as a Group (1 person) 4,030,000 29.8% ____________________ (1) Except as otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner is c/o Mountain Renewables, Inc., 1770 Grape St, Denver, CO 80220. ( 2) Applicable percentage ownership is based on 13,515,000 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2009. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES TO BE REGISTERED COMMON STOCK Description of Securities Authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of a single class of common stock, having a $0.001 par value. The holders of our common stock: · have equal ratable rights to dividends from funds legally available therefore, when, as and if declared by our Board of Directors; - 24 - · are entitled to share ratably in all of our assets available for distribution to holders of common stock upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs; · do not have preemptive, subscription or conversion rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights; and · are entitled to one vote per share on all matters on which stockholders may vote. Non-Cumulative Voting Holders of shares of our common stock do not have cumulative voting rights, which means that the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding shares, voting for the election of directors, can elect all of the directors to be elected, if they so choose, and, in such event, the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any of our directors. Cash Dividends As of the date of this Prospectus, we not paid any cash dividends to stockholders. The declaration of any future cash dividend will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our earnings, if any, capital requirements and financial position, general economic conditions, and other pertinent conditions. We will not to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather reinvest earnings, if any, in our business operations. Reports After this offering, we will furnish its shareholders with annual financial reports certified by our independent accountants, and may, in our discretion, furnish unaudited quarterly financial reports. INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES Our articles and bylaws provide for the indemnification of our directors and officers against all claims and liability by reason of serving as a director or officer. It shall be within the discretion of our Board of Directors whether to advance any funds in advance of disposition incurred by any director or officer in connection with that proceeding. We are not, however, required to reimburse any legal expenses in connection with any proceeding if a determination is made that the director or officer did not act in good faith or in a manner reasonably believed to be in our best interests. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Act" or "Securities Act") may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION No market currently exists for our shares. The price reflected in this prospectus of $0.10 per share is the initial offering price of the shares of common stock upon the effectiveness of this prospectus. The selling stockholders may, from time to time, sell any or all of their shares of common stock covered by this prospectus in private transactions at a price of $0.10 per share or on any stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the shares may then be traded. If our shares are quoted on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board ("OTCBB"), the selling stockholders may sell any or all of their shares at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. The term "selling stockholders" includes donees, pledgees, transferees or other successors-in-interest selling shares received after the date of this prospectus from a selling stockholder as a gift, pledge, partnership distribution or other non-sale related transfer. We will pay the expense incurred to register the shares being offered by the selling stockholders for resale, but the selling stockholders will pay any underwriting discounts and brokerage commissions associated with these sales. The selling stockholders may use any one or more of the following methods when selling shares: - 25 - · ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers; · block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the shares as agent but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction; · purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account; · privately negotiated transactions; and · a combination of any such methods of sale. In addition, any shares that qualify for sale under Rule 144 may be sold under Rule 144 rather than through this prospectus. The $0.10 per share offering price of the shares of common stock being sold under this prospectus has been arbitrarily set. The price does not bear any relationship to our assets, book value, earnings or net worth and it is not an indication of actual value. Additionally, the offering price of our shares is higher than the price paid by our founders, and exceeds the per share value of our net tangible assets. Therefore, if you purchase shares in this offering, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution. You may also suffer additional dilution in the future from the sale of additional shares of common stock or other securities, if the need for additional financing forces us to make such sales. Investors should be aware of the risk of judging the real or potential future market value, if any, of our common stock by comparison to the offering price. In offering the shares covered by this prospectus, the selling stockholders may be deemed to be "underwriters" within the meaning of the Securities Act in connection with such sales. Any broker-dealers who execute sales for the selling stockholders will be deemed to be underwriters within the meaning of the Securities Act. Any profits realized by the selling stockholders and the compensation of any broker-dealer may be deemed to be underwriting discounts and commissions. Each selling stockholder and any other person participating in a distribution of securities will be subject to applicable provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, including, without limitation, Regulation M, which may restrict certain activities of, and limit the timing of purchases and sales of securities by, selling stockholders and other persons participating in a distribution of securities. Furthermore, under Regulation M, persons engaged in a distribution of securities are prohibited from simultaneously engaging in market making and certain other activities with respect to such securities for a specified period of time prior to the commencement of such distributions, subject to specified exceptions or exemptions. All of the foregoing may affect the marketability of the securities offered hereby. Any securities covered by this prospectus that qualify for sale pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act may be sold under that rule rather than pursuant to this prospectus. SELLING STOCKHOLDERS The table below sets forth information concerning the resale of the shares of common stock by the selling stockholders. We will not receive any proceeds from the resale of the common stock by the selling stockholders. We will receive proceeds from the exercise of the warrants. Assuming all the shares registered below are sold by the selling stockholders, none of the selling stockholders will continue to own any shares of our common stock. The following table also sets forth the name of each person who is offering the resale of shares of common stock by this prospectus, the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by each person, the number of shares of common stock that may be sold in this offering and the number of shares of common stock each person will own after the offering, assuming they sell all of the shares offered. - 26 - Name of Selling Stockholder Common Total Shares Number of Shares Owned and Position, Office or Shares owned by Registered Pursuant Issued and by Selling Stockholder After Material Relationship with the selling to this Outstanding Shares Offering and Percent of Total Mountain Renewables, Inc. Stockholder (1) Offering before Offering Issued and Outstanding (2) # of Shares % of Class Bristlecone Associates, LLC 6,000,000 6,000,000 44.4 Nil Nil Richard Giannotti** 4,030,000 4,030,000 29.8 Nil Nil Corey Wiegand 600,000 600,000 4.4 Nil Nil Michael Wiegand 600,000 600,000 4.4 Nil Nil Martha S. Sandoval 600,000 600,000 4.4 Nil Nil Dustin Sandoval 150,000 150,000 1.1 Nil Nil Jessica Sandoval 150,000 150,000 1.1 Nil Nil Andrew Peterson 150,000 150,000 1.1 Nil Nil Lacey Rosales 150,000 150,000 1.1 Nil Nil Craig Bordon 30,000 30,000 * Nil Nil Craig K. Olson 60,000 60,000 * Nil Nil David Callaham 30,000 30,000 * Nil Nil David Zallar 30,000 30,000 * Nil Nil Larry Willis 30,000 30,000 * Nil Nil Shirley Hale 60,000 60,000 * Nil Nil Craig Kimbal 30,000 30,000 * Nil Nil Delos Elmer 30,000 30,000 * Nil Nil Craig A. Olson 30,000 30,000 * Nil Nil Kiva Stack 30,000 30,000 * Nil Nil Stacy Thomas 7,500 7,500 * Nil Nil Katherine Vacha 30,000 30,000 * Nil Nil Michelle Vacha 30,000 30,000 * Nil Nil Anthony Clanton 30,000 30,000 * Nil Nil Gordon and Lahna Crabtree JTWROS 30,000 30,000 * Nil Nil Kimberley Manning 30,000 30,000 * Nil Nil Nathan and Jana Faris JTWROS 30,000 30,000 * Nil Nil Michael Willis 30,000 30,000 * Nil Nil Grant Willis 30,000 30,000 * Nil Nil William Gofigan 7,500 7,500 * Nil Nil Kent Florence 30,000 30,000 * Nil Nil Ryan Kaszycki 30,000 30,000 * Nil Nil Teri Tabor 30,000 30,000 * Nil Nil Jeffery and Heather Christainsen JTWROS 30,000 30,000 * Nil Nil Ruth Harrison Revocable Trust 30,000 30,000 * Nil Nil Tom Menten 30,000 30,000 * Nil Nil Frederich and Cheryl Johnston 30,000 30,000 * Nil Nil Francis Acedo 30,000 30,000 * Nil Nil Steven Crouch 30,000 30,000 * Nil Nil Chris Crouch 30,000 30,000 * Nil Nil Beau Brooks 30,000 30,000 * Nil Nil Sonja Gouak 140,000 140,000 1% Nil Nil _______________ * Less than one percent. ** Officer and/or director. Reflects founders shares plus and additional 30,000 shares issued in connection with our transaction with Ambermax. (1) The number and percentage of shares beneficially owned is determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such rule, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which the selling stockholders has sole or shared voting power or investment power and also any shares, which the selling stockholders has the right to acquire within 60 days. (2) Assumes that all securities registered will be sold. - 27 - LEGAL MATTERS Law Offices of ________________________________________________ issued an opinion with respect to the validity of the shares of common stock being offered hereby. EXPERTS Our audited financial statements for December 31, 2008 and March 31, 2009, unaudited, have been included herein in reliance upon the report of Larry O’Donnell, CPA, P.C. independent registered public accountant, appearing elsewhere herein, and upon authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing. AVAILABLE INFORMATION We have not previously been required to comply with the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act. We have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 to register the securities offered by this prospectus. For future information about us and the securities offered under this prospectus, you may refer to the registration statement and to the exhibits filed as a part of the registration statement. In addition, after the effective date of this prospectus, we will be required to file annual, quarterly, and current reports, or other information with the SEC as provided by the Securities Exchange Act. You may read and copy any reports, statements or other information we file at the SEC's public reference facility maintained by the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You can request copies of these documents, upon payment of a duplicating fee, by writing to the SEC. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the operation of the public reference room. Our SEC filings are also available to the public through the SEC Internet site at http\\www.sec.go - 28 - INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Year ended December 31, 2008 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F 1 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets F 2 Statements of Operations F 3 Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity F 4 Statements of Cash Flows F 5 Notes to Financial Statements F6 – F9 Quarter ended March 31, 2009 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets F 10 Statements of Operations F 11 Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity F 12 Statements of Cash Flows F 13 Notes to Financial Statements F14 – F17 - 29 - Larry O’Donnell, CPA, P.C. Telephone (303) 745-4545 2228 South Fraser Street Fax (303)369-9384 Unit I E-mail larryodonnellcpa@msn.com Aurora, Colorado 80014 www.larryodonnellcpa@msn.com REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Board of Directors Mountain Renewables, Inc. I have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Mountain Renewables, Inc. as of December 31, 2008 the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders’ equity and cash flows for the period from inception, March 27, 2008 through December 31, 2008. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. My responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on my audits. I conducted my audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that I plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. I believe that my audits provide a reasonable basis for my opinion. In my opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Mountain Renewables, Inc. as of December 31, 2008, the results of its operations and cash flows for the period from inception, March 27, 2008 through December 31, 2008 in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. /s/ Larry O’Donnell, CPA, P.C. Larry O'Donnell CPA, P.C. April 27, 2009 F - - 1 MOUNTAIN RENEWABLES, INC. Balance Sheets December 31, 2008 ASSETS Current assets Cash $ 21,226 Inventory 850 Total assets $ 22,076 STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Stockholders’ equity: Common stock; $.001 par value; authorized – 100,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding – 13,375,000 shares, respectively $ 13,375 Additional paid-in capital 9,299 Accumulated deficit during the development stage (598 ) Total stockholders’ deficit $ 22,076 See notes to financial statements. F - - 2 MOUNTAIN RENEWABLES, INC. Statements of Operations Period from inception, March 27, 2008 to December 31, 2008 General and administrative expenses $ 598 Net loss $ (598 ) Basic and diluted net loss per common share $ ** Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 10,530,000 _______________ ** Less than $(.01) per share. See notes to financial statements. F - - 3 MOUNTAIN RENEWABLES, INC. Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity Common Stock Additional Accumulated Shares Amount Paid in capital Deficit Issuance of common stock for cash 10,000,000 10,000 $ - $ - Issuance of common stock for Ambermax 3,375,000 3,375 9,299 Net loss (598 ) Balances, December 31, 2008 13,375,000 13,375 $ 9,299 $ (598 ) See notes to financial statements. F - - 4 MOUNTAIN RENEWABLES, INC. Statements of Cash Flows Period from inception, March 27, 2008 to December 31, 2008 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss $ (598 ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Increase in inventory (850 ) Net cash used in operating activities (598 ) Net cash used in operating activities (1,448 ) Cash flows from investing activities: Net cash used in investing activities - Cash flows from financing activities: Issuance of common stock for cash 10,000 Issuance of common stock for Ambermax 12,674 Net cash provided by financing activities 22,674 Net increase (decrease) in cash 21,226 Cash at beginning of year - Cash at end of year $ 21,226 See notes to financial statements. F - - 5 MOUNTAIN RENEWABLES, INC. Notes to Financial Statements Note 1 - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Organization of Business Mountain Renewables, Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated in Nevada on March 27, 2008. The Company is formulating plans to acquire, market and distribute solar panels. The Company has not achieved significant revenues and is a development stage company. Inventory Inventory consists of finished solar panels and is stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method), or market value. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reporting amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods. Management makes these estimates using the best information available at the time the estimates are made; however, actual results could differ materially from these estimates. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The fair value of the liability due to officer/stockholder is not practicable to estimate, based upon the related party nature of the underlying transactions. Stock-Based Compensation The Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with SFAS No. 123(R) Share-Based Payment. Under the fair value recognition provisions of this statement, stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is the vesting period. The Company elected the modified-prospective method, under which prior periods are not revised for comparative purposes. The valuation provisions of SFAS 123R apply to new grants and to grants that were outstanding as of the effective date and subsequently modified. During the period ended December 31, 2008, there were no stock options granted or outstanding. F - - 6 MOUNTAIN RENEWABLES, INC. Notes to Financial Statements Comprehensive Income SFAS No. 130, Reporting Comprehensive Income , establishes requirements for disclosure of comprehensive income (loss). During the period ended December 31, 2008, the Company did not have any components of comprehensive income (loss) to report. Net Loss Per Share SFAS No. 128, Earnings per Share , requires dual presentation of basic and diluted earnings or loss per share (“EPS”) for all entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. Basic EPS excludes dilution; diluted EPS reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared in the earnings of the entity. Basic loss per share is computed by dividing net loss applicable to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted loss per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if dilutive securities and other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared in the earnings of the Company, unless the effect is to reduce a loss or increase earnings per share. The Company had no potential common stock instruments which would result in a diluted loss per share. Therefore, diluted loss per share is equivalent to basic loss per share. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements In December 2007, the FASB issued FASB Statement No. 160 “Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements - an amendment of ARB No. 51” (“SFAS No. 160”), which causes noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries to be included in the equity section of the balance sheet. SFAS No. 160 applies prospectively to business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of the first annual reporting period beginning on or after December 15, 2008, except for the presentation and disclosure requirements, which shall be applied retrospectively for all periods presented. The Company will adopt this standard at the beginning of the Company’s year ending December 31, 2008 for all prospective business acquisitions. The Company has not determined the effect that the adoption of SFAS No. 160 will have on the financial results of the Company. In March 2008, the Financial Accounting Standards board (FASB) issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 161, “Disclosures about Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities” (SFAS 161). SFAS 161 is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after November 15, 2008. SFAS 161 requires enhanced disclosures about Fund’s derivative and hedging activities. Management is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of SFAS 161 will have on the Company’s financial statement disclosures. F - - 7 MOUNTAIN RENEWABLES, INC. Notes to Financial Statements The FASB has revised SFAS No. 141. This revised statement establishes uniform treatment for all acquisitions. It defines the acquiring company. The statement further requires an acquirer to recognize the assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any non-controlling interest in the acquired at the acquisition date, measured at their fair market values as of that date. It requires the acquirer in a business combination achieved in stages to recognize the identifiable assets and liabilities, as well as the non-controlling interest in the acquired, at the full amounts of their fair values. This changes the way that minority interest is recorded and modified as a parent’s interest in a subsidiary changes over time. This statement also makes corresponding significant amendments to other standards that related to business combinations, namely, 109, 142 and various EITF’s. This statement applies prospectively to business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of the first annual reporting period beginning on or after December 15, 2008. The Company believes the implementation of this standard will have no effect on our financial statements. In May 2008, FASB issued SFAS 162, “The Hierarchy of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles”. Effective 60 days following the SEC’s approval of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board amendments to AU Section 411, The Meaning of Present Fairly in Conformity With Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. The Board does not expect that this Statement will result in a change in current practice. However, transition provisions have been provided in the unusual circumstance that the application of the provisions of this Statement results in a change in practice. The Company believes the implementation of this standard will have no effect on our financial statements. In May, 2008 FASB issued SFAS 163. This Statement requires that an insurance enterprise recognize a claim liability prior to an event of default (insured event) when there is evidence that credit deterioration has occurred in an insured financial obligation. This Statement also clarifies how Statement 60 applies to financial guarantee insurance contracts, including the recognition and measurement to be used to account for premium revenue and claim liabilities. Those clarifications will increase comparability in financial reporting of financial guarantee insurance contracts by insurance enterprises. This Statement requires expanded disclosures about financial guarantee insurance contracts. The Company believes the implementation of this standard will have no effect on our financial statements. Note 2 - Stockholders' Equity Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of $.001 par value common stock. The Company has 10,000,000 shares of its common stock issued and outstanding at December 31, 2008. Dividends may be paid on outstanding shares as declared by the Board of Directors. Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote. Note 3 - Income Taxes The Company recognizes deferred income tax liabilities and assets for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred tax liabilities and assets are determined based on the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect in the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. F - - 8 MOUNTAIN RENEWABLES, INC. Notes to Financial Statements The Company incurred no income taxes for the period ended December 31, 2008. The expected income tax benefit for the period ended December 31, 2008 is approximately $100. The difference between the expected income tax benefit and non-recognition of an income tax benefit in each period is the result of a valuation allowance applied to deferred tax assets. Net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $598 at December 31, 2008 are available to offset future taxable income, if any, and expire in 2033. This results in a net deferred tax asset of approximately $100 at December 31, 2008. A valuation allowance in the same amount has been provided to reduce the deferred tax asset, as realization of the asset is not assured. The net operating loss carryforwards may be limited under the Change of Control provisions of the Internal Revenue Code section 382. Note 4 – Acquisition of Ambermax IV Corporation On November 14, 2008 the Company acquired 100% of the equity interests of Ambermax IV Corporation (Ambermax). The income and expenses for Ambermax from the period November 14, 2008 through December 31, 2008 are included in the statements of operations. Ambermax is a corporation organized under the laws of the state of Colorado and is inactive. The Company issued 3,375,000 shares of common stock to the stockholders of Ambermax. The Company received $12,674 in cash from Ambermax which was its sole asset. F - - 9 MOUNTAIN RENEWABLES, INC. Balance Sheets March 31, December 31, 2009 2008 (Unaudited) (Audited) Current assets Cash $ 21,016 $ 21,226 Inventory 618 850 Total current assets 21,634 22,076 Deferred offering costs 35,000 - Total assets $ 56,634 $ 22,076 STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Stockholders’ equity: Common stock; $.001 par value; authorized - 100,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding - 2009 13,515,000 shares 2008 13,375,000, respectively $ 13,515 $ 13,375 Additional paid-in capital 44,159 9,299 Accumulated deficit during the development stage (1,040 ) (598 ) Total stockholders’ equity $ 56,634 $ 22,076 See notes to financial statements F - - 10 MOUNTAIN RENEWABLES, INC. Statements of Operations Three Months Ended Period from inception March 27, 2008 to March 31, 2009 March 31, 2008 March 31, 2009 Sales $ 375 $ $ 375 Cost of sales 232 232 Gross profit 143 143 General and administrative expenses 585 1,183 Net loss $ (442 ) $ $ (1,040 ) Basic and diluted net loss per common share $ ** $ ** $ ** Weighted average number of common shares outstanding (in thousands) 13,398 11,390 ______________ ** Less than $(.01) per share. See notes to financial statements F - - 11 MOUNTAIN RENEWABLES, INC. Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity Common Stock Additional Accumulated Shares Amount Paid in capital Deficit Issuance of common stock for cash 10,000,000 $ 10,000 $ $ Issuance of common stock for Ambermax 3,375,000 3,375 9,299 Net loss (598 ) Balances, December 31, 2008 13,375,000 13,375 9,299 (598 ) Issuance of common stock for services 140,000 140 34,860 Net loss (442 ) Balances, March 31, 2009 13,515,000 $ 13,515 $ 44,159 $ (1,040 ) See notes to financial statements F - - 12 MOUNTAIN RENEWABLES, INC. Statements of Cash Flows Three Months Ended Period from inception March 27, 2008 to March 31, 2009 March 31, 2008 March 31, 2009 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss $ (442 ) $ $ (1,040 ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Increase in inventory 232 (618 ) Net cash used in operating activities (1,658 ) Cash flows from investing activities: Net cash used in investing activities - Cash flows from financing activities: Issuance of common stock for cash 10,000 Issuance of common stock for Ambermax 12,674 Net cash provided by financing activities 22,674 Net increase (decrease) in cash (210 ) 21,016 Cash at beginning of year 21,226 - Cash at end of year $ 21,016 $ $ 21,021 Supplemental disclosure of noncash financing and investing activities Common stock issued for Deferred offering costs $ 35,000 See notes to financial statements F - - 13 MOUNTAIN RENEWABLES, INC. Notes to Financial Statements Note 1 - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Organization of Business Mountain Renewables, Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated in Nevada on March 27, 2008. The Company is formulating plans to acquire, market and distribute solar panels. The Company has not achieved significant revenues and is a development stage company. Development Stage Company The Company has not earned significant revenues from planned operations. Accordingly, the Company’s activities have been accounted for as those of a “Development Stage Company”, as set forth in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 7 (“SFAS”). Among the disclosures required by SFAS No. 7 are that the Company’s financial statements of operations, stockholders’ equity and cash flows disclose activity since the date of the Company’s inception. Interim Presentation In the opinion of the management of the Company, the accompanying unaudited financial statements include all material adjustments, including all normal and recurring adjustments, considered necessary to present fairly the financial position and operating results of the Company for the periods presented. The financial statements and notes do not contain certain information included in the Company’s financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2008. It is the Company’s opinion that when the interim financial statements are read in conjunction with the December 31, 2008 Audited Financial Statements, the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not misleading. Interim results are not necessarily indicative of results for a full year or any future period. Inventory Inventory consists of finished solar panels and is stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method), or market value. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reporting amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods. Management makes these estimates using the best information available at the time the estimates are made; however, actual results could differ materially from these estimates. F - - 14 MOUNTAIN RENEWABLES, INC. Notes to Financial Statements Fair Value of Financial Instruments The fair value of the liability due to officer/stockholder is not practicable to estimate, based upon the related party nature of the underlying transactions. =t Stock-Based Compensation The Company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with SFAS No. 123(R) Share-Based Payment. Under the fair value recognition provisions of this statement, stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is the vesting period. The Company elected the modified-prospective method, under which prior periods are not revised for comparative purposes. The valuation provisions of SFAS 123R apply to new grants and to grants that were outstanding as of the effective date and subsequently modified. During the period ended December 31, 2008, there were no stock options granted or outstanding. Comprehensive Income SFAS No. 130, Reporting Comprehensive Income , establishes requirements for disclosure of comprehensive income (loss). During the period ended December 31, 2008, the Company did not have any components of comprehensive income (loss) to report. Net Loss Per Share SFAS No. 128, Earnings per Share , requires dual presentation of basic and diluted earnings or loss per share (“EPS”) for all entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. Basic EPS excludes dilution; diluted EPS reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared in the earnings of the entity. Basic loss per share is computed by dividing net loss applicable to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted loss per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if dilutive securities and other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared in the earnings of the Company, unless the effect is to reduce a loss or increase earnings per share. The Company had no potential common stock instruments which would result in a diluted loss per share. Therefore, diluted loss per share is equivalent to basic loss per share. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements In December 2007, the FASB issued FASB Statement No. 160 “Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements - an amendment of ARB No. 51” (“SFAS No. 160”), which causes noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries to be included in the equity section of the balance sheet. SFAS No. 160 applies prospectively to business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of the first annual reporting period beginning on or after December 15, 2008, except for the presentation and disclosure requirements, which shall be applied retrospectively for all periods presented. The Company will adopt this standard at the beginning of the Company’s year ending December 31, 2008 for all prospective business acquisitions. The Company has not determined the effect that the adoption of SFAS No. 160 will have on the financial results of the Company. F - - 15 MOUNTAIN RENEWABLES, INC. Notes to Financial Statements In March 2008, the Financial Accounting Standards board (FASB) issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 161, “Disclosures about Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities” (SFAS 161). SFAS 161 is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after November 15, 2008. SFAS 161 requires enhanced disclosures about Fund’s derivative and hedging activities. Management is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of SFAS 161 will have on the Company’s financial statement disclosures. The FASB has revised SFAS No. 141. This revised statement establishes uniform treatment for all acquisitions. It defines the acquiring company. The statement further requires an acquirer to recognize the assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any non-controlling interest in the acquired at the acquisition date, measured at their fair market values as of that date. It requires the acquirer in a business combination achieved in stages to recognize the identifiable assets and liabilities, as well as the non-controlling interest in the acquired, at the full amounts of their fair values. This changes the way that minority interest is recorded and modified as a parent’s interest in a subsidiary changes over time. This statement also makes corresponding significant amendments to other standards that related to business combinations, namely, 109, 142 and various EITF’s. This statement applies prospectively to business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of the first annual reporting period beginning on or after December 15, 2008. The Company believes the implementation of this standard will have no effect on our financial statements. In May 2008, FASB issued SFAS 162, “The Hierarchy of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles”. Effective 60 days following the SEC’s approval of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board amendments to AU Section 411, The Meaning of Present Fairly in Conformity With Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. The Board does not expect that this Statement will result in a change in current practice. However, transition provisions have been provided in the unusual circumstance that the application of the provisions of this Statement results in a change in practice. The Company believes the implementation of this standard will have no effect on our financial statements. In May, 2008 FASB issued SFAS 163. This Statement requires that an insurance enterprise recognize a claim liability prior to an event of default (insured event) when there is evidence that credit deterioration has occurred in an insured financial obligation. This Statement also clarifies how Statement 60 applies to financial guarantee insurance contracts, including the recognition and measurement to be used to account for premium revenue and claim liabilities. Those clarifications will increase comparability in financial reporting of financial guarantee insurance contracts by insurance enterprises. This Statement requires expanded disclosures about financial guarantee insurance contracts. The Company believes the implementation of this standard will have no effect on our financial statements. Note 2 - Stockholders' Equity Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of $.001 par value common stock. Dividends may be paid on outstanding shares as declared by the Board of Directors. Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote. During the three months ended March 31, 2009, the Company issued 140,000 shares of common stock for deferred offering costs. Note 3 - Income Taxes The Company recognizes deferred income tax liabilities and assets for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred tax liabilities and assets are determined based on the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect in the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. F - - 16 MOUNTAIN RENEWABLES, INC. Notes to Financial Statements The Company incurred no income taxes for the periods ended March 31, 2009. The expected income tax benefit for the quarter ended and the period from inception March 18, 2008 through March 31, 2009 is approximately $100 and $200, respectively. The difference between the expected income tax benefit and non-recognition of an income tax benefit in each period is the result of a valuation allowance applied to deferred tax assets. Net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $1,040 at March 31, 2009 are available to offset future taxable income, if any, and expire in 2033. This results in a net deferred tax asset of approximately $00 at March 31, 2009. A valuation allowance in the same amount has been provided to reduce the deferred tax asset, as realization of the asset is not assured. The net operating loss carryforwards may be limited under the Change of Control provisions of the Internal Revenue Code section 382. F - - 17 PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS ITEM 13. OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION. The following table sets forth the costs and expenses, other than underwriting discounts and commissions, if any, payable by the Registrant relating to the sale of common stock being registered. All amounts are estimates except the SEC registration fee. SEC registration fee $ 75.00 Printing and engraving expenses 100.00 Legal fees and expenses 1,000.00 Accounting fees and expenses 5,000.00 Miscellaneous expenses 1,000.00 Total $ 7,175.00 The Registrant has agreed to bear expenses incurred by the selling stockholders that relate to the registration of the shares of common stock being offered and sold by the selling stockholders. ITEM 14. INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS. Disclosure of Commission Position of Indemnification for Securities Act Liabilities Indemnification of Directors and Officers Our Articles of Incorporation, its Bylaws, and certain statutes provide for the indemnification of a present or former director or officer. The Securities and Exchange Commission's Policy on Indemnification Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers, and controlling persons of the Registrant pursuant to any provisions contained in its Certificate of Incorporation, or Bylaws, or otherwise, the Registrant has been advised that, in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the Registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the Registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the Registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. ITEM 15. RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES. During the year ending December 31, 2008 the Company issued 4,000,000 shares and 6,000,000 of common stock the founder of the Company and to Bristlecone Associates, LLC, respectively In connection with our share exchange transaction with Ambermax, the company issued 3,375,000 shares of its common stock to the shareholders of Ambermax. The Company issued 140,000 shares of common stock as compensation to Sonja Gouak. I - - 1 * All of the above offerings and sales were deemed to be exempt under Rule 506 of Regulation D and/or Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. No advertising or general solicitation was employed in offering the securities. The offerings and sales were made to a limited number of persons, all of whom were accredited investors, business associates of the Company or executive officers of the Company, and transfer was restricted by the Company in accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933. In addition to representations by the above-referenced persons, we have made independent determinations that all of the above-referenced persons were accredited or sophisticated investors, and that they were capable of analyzing the merits and risks of their investment, and that they understood the speculative nature of their investment. Furthermore, all of the above-referenced persons were provided with access to our Securities and Exchange Commission filings. Except as expressly set forth above, the individuals and entities to whom we issued securities as indicated in this section of the registration statement are unaffiliated with us. ITEM 16. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation. 3.2 By-Laws. 5.1 Opinion of Law Offices of ___________________________________ 10.1 Share Exchange Agreement 23.1 Consent of Larry O’Donnell, CPA 23.2 Consent of Law Offices of (contained in Exhibit 5.1) ITEM 17. UNDERTAKINGS. The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: 1. To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post effective amendment to this Registration Statement: (i) to include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii) to reflect in the prospectus any facts or events which, individually or together, represent a fundamental change in the information in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in the volume and price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; and (iii) include any additional or changed material information on the plan of distribution. 2. For determining liability under the Securities Act, treat each post-effective amendment as a new registration statement of the securities offered, and the offering of the securities at that time to be the initial bona fide offering. 3. File a post-effective amendment to remove from registration any of the securities that remain unsold at the end of the offering. 4. For determining liability of the undersigned small business issuer under the Securities Act to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned small business issuer undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned small business issuer pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned small business issuer will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: I - - 2 (i) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned small business issuer relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned small business issuer or used or referred to by the undersigned small business issuer; (iii) The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned small business issuer or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned small business issuer; and (iv) Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned small business issuer to the purchaser. 5. To file during any period in which we offer or sell securities, a post effective amendment to this registration statement, to reflect in the prospectus any facts or events which, or individually or together, represent a fundamental change in the information in the registration statement. 6. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 (the “Act”) may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the small business issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the small business issuer has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the small business issuer or expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the small business issuer in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the small business issuer will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. I - - 3 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in Denver, Colorado, on May 29, 2009. Mountain Renewables, Inc. By: /s/ Richard Giannotti Richard Giannotti (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Richard Giannotti Richard Giannotti Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer) I - - 4
