Form S-1 Table of Contents As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 1, 2010 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC EFIH Finance Inc. (Exact name of registrants as specified in their charters) Delaware 4911 26-1191638 Delaware 4911 27-0918038 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 1601 Bryan Street Dallas, Texas 75201-3411 (214) 812-4600 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrants’ principal executive offices) Andrew M. Wright EFH Corporate Services Company Vice President and Associate General Counsel 1601 Bryan Street Dallas, Texas 75201-3411 (214) 812-4600 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after this registration statement is declared effective. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box. x If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a small reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “small reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer ¨ Accelerated filer ¨ Non-accelerated filer x (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Smaller reporting company ¨ CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of each class of securities to be registered Amount to be registered Proposed maximum offering price per note Proposed maximum aggregate offering price(1) Amount of registration fee 9.75% Senior Secured Notes due 2019 (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) An indeterminate amount of securities are being registered hereby to be offered solely for market-making purposes by specified affiliates of the registrants. Pursuant to Rule 457(q) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, no filing fee is required with respect to such securities. The registrants hereby amend this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrants shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. Table of Contents The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. These securities may not be sold until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities, and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED APRIL 1, 2010 PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS ENERGY FUTURE INTERMEDIATE HOLDING COMPANY LLC EFIH FINANCE INC. $141,083,000 9.75% Senior Secured Notes due 2019 Interest on the 9.75% Senior Secured Notes due 2019 (the “notes”) is payable on April 15 and October 15 of each year, commencing on April 15, 2010. The notes accrue interest at the rate of 9.75% per annum. The notes will mature on October 15, 2019. Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC (“EFIH”) and EFIH Finance Inc. (“EFIH Finance” and, together with EFIH, the “Issuer”) may redeem any of the notes beginning on October 15, 2014 at the redemption prices set forth in this prospectus. The Issuer may also redeem any of the notes at any time prior to October 15, 2014 at a price equal to 100% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest and a “make-whole” premium. In addition, before October 15, 2012, the Issuer may redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of the notes using the proceeds from certain equity offerings at the redemption price set forth in this prospectus. The notes are secured, equally and ratably with EFIH’s guarantee of certain outstanding indebtedness of its parent company, Energy Future Holdings Corp. (“EFH Corp.”), by the pledge of all membership interests and other investments EFIH owns or holds in Oncor Electric Delivery Holdings Company LLC (“Oncor Holdings”) or any of Oncor Holdings’ subsidiaries (such membership interests and other investments, the “Collateral”). The notes are senior obligations of the Issuer and rank equally in right of payment with all senior indebtedness of the Issuer. The notes will be effectively senior to all unsecured indebtedness of the Issuer, to the extent of the value of the Collateral, and will be effectively subordinated to any indebtedness of the Issuer secured by assets of the Issuer other than the Collateral, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. Furthermore, as of the date of this prospectus, the notes are not guaranteed. Accordingly, the notes are structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities of EFIH’s subsidiaries (other than EFIH Finance), including Oncor Holdings and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Oncor Subsidiaries”), any of EFIH’s future foreign subsidiaries and any other unrestricted subsidiaries of EFIH. The notes will be senior in right of payment to any future subordinated indebtedness of the Issuer. For a more detailed description of the notes, see “Description of the Notes” beginning on page 22. The notes are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “TXUI19.” See “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page 7, as well as those contained in EFIH’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 (our “2009 Form 10-K”) that is incorporated into this prospectus by reference, for a discussion of certain risks that you should consider before investing in the notes. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the notes or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. This prospectus has been prepared for and may be used by Goldman, Sachs & Co. (the “Market Maker”) and affiliates of the Market Maker in connection with offers and sales of the notes related to market-making transactions in the notes in the secondary market effected from time to time. The Market Maker and the affiliates of the Market Maker may act as principal or agent in such transactions, including as agent for the counterparty when acting as principal or as agent for both counterparties, and may receive compensation in the form of discounts and commissions, including from both counterparties, when it acts as agent for both. Sales of notes pursuant to this prospectus will be made at prevailing market prices at the time of sale, at prices related thereto or at negotiated prices. The Issuer will not receive any proceeds from such sales. The date of this prospectus is , 2010. Table of Contents You should rely only on the information contained in and incorporated by reference into this prospectus. We have not, and the Market Maker or its affiliates have not, authorized anyone to provide you with different information. This prospectus may be used only for the purposes for which it has been published, and no person has been authorized to give any information not contained in or incorporated by reference into this prospectus. If you receive any other information, you should not rely on it. No offer of these securities is being made in any state where any such offer is prohibited. The information contained in or incorporated by reference into this prospectus is only accurate as of the date of this prospectus or such incorporated information. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Prospectus Summary 1 Risk Factors 7 Forward-Looking Statements 20 Industry and Market Information 21 Use of Proceeds 21 Description of the Notes 22 Book Entry; Settlement and Clearance 109 Material U.S. Federal Tax Considerations 112 Certain ERISA Considerations 116 Plan of Distribution 118 Legal Matters 120 Experts 120 Available Information 120 Incorporation by Reference 121 Annex A — Definitions A-1 Annex B — Additional Information Relating to the Issuer B-1 i Table of Contents PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. This summary is not complete and does not contain all of the information that you should consider before investing in the notes. You should carefully read this summary together with the entire prospectus, including the information set forth in the section entitled “Risk Factors” and the information that is incorporated into this prospectus by reference. See the sections entitled “Available Information” and “Incorporation by Reference” for a further discussion on incorporation by reference. Unless the context otherwise requires or as otherwise indicated, references in this prospectus to “we,” “our” and “us” refer to Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries. References to “EFIH” refer to Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC and not to any of its subsidiaries. References to the “Issuer” refer, collectively, to EFIH and EFIH Finance, the co-issuers of the notes. “EFH Corp. 2020 Notes” means EFH Corp.’s 10.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2020. “EFH Corp. 2019 Notes” means EFH Corp.’s 9.75% Senior Secured Notes due 2019. “EFH Corp. 2017 Notes” means, collectively, EFH Corp.’s 10.875% Senior Notes due 2017 and 11.250%/12.000% Senior Toggle Notes due 2017. “EFH Corp. Legacy Notes” means, collectively, EFH Corp.’s 5.55% Series P Senior Notes due 2014, 6.50% Series Q Senior Notes due 2024 and 6.55% Series R Senior Notes due 2034. “TCEH 2015/2016 Notes” means, collectively, Texas Competitive Electric Holdings Company LLC’s (“TCEH”) and TCEH Finance, Inc.’s 10.25% Senior Notes due 2015, 10.25% Senior Notes due 2015, Series B, and 10.50%/11.25% Senior Toggle Notes due 2016. Investment funds associated with or designated by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. (“KKR”), TPG Capital, L.P. (“TPG”) and the Market Maker (together with KKR and TPG, the “Sponsor Group”), and certain other co-investors own EFH Corp. through Texas Energy Future Holdings Limited Partnership (“Texas Holdings”), with the Sponsor Group controlling Texas Holdings’ general partner, Texas Energy Future Capital Holdings LLC (the “General Partner”). Our Businesses EFIH is a holding company for its subsidiaries, including Oncor Holdings and its subsidiary, Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC (“Oncor”), which are principally engaged in providing electricity delivery services to retail electric providers, including subsidiaries of TCEH, that sell power in the north-central, eastern and western parts of Texas. Oncor is engaged in regulated electricity transmission and distribution operations in Texas that are primarily regulated by the Public Utility Commission of Texas (the “PUCT”). Oncor provides both distribution services to retail electric providers that sell electricity to consumers and transmission services to other electricity distribution companies, cooperatives and municipalities. Oncor operates the largest transmission and distribution system in Texas, delivering electricity to approximately three million homes and businesses and operating more than 117,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines. A significant portion of Oncor’s revenues represent fees for delivery services provided to TCEH. Distribution revenues from TCEH represented 38% and 39% of Oncor’s total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. EFH Corp. and Oncor have implemented certain structural and operational “ring-fencing” measures based on commitments made by Texas Holdings and Oncor to the PUCT that are intended to enhance the credit quality of Oncor Holdings and Oncor. These measures serve to mitigate Oncor’s and Oncor Holdings’ credit exposure to Texas Holdings and its subsidiaries (other than the Oncor Subsidiaries) (collectively, the “Texas Holdings Group”) and to reduce the risk that the assets and liabilities of Oncor or Oncor Holdings would be substantively consolidated with the assets and liabilities of the Texas Holdings Group in the event of a bankruptcy of one or more of those entities. See Note 1 to Financial Statements included in our 2009 Form 10-K for a description of the material features of these “ring-fencing” measures. At December 31, 2009, we had approximately 3,800 full-time employees, including approximately 690 employees under collective bargaining agreements. 1 Table of Contents Recent Developments In January 2010, EFH Corp. issued $500 million aggregate principal amount of EFH Corp. 2020 Notes, which are guaranteed on a senior secured basis by EFIH. The EFH Corp. 2020 Notes will mature on January 15, 2020. Interest on the EFH Corp. 2020 Notes is payable in cash in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year at a fixed rate of 10.000% per annum with the first interest payment due on July 15, 2010. The EFH Corp. 2020 Notes have the same guarantees and collateral and substantially the same other terms and conditions as the EFH Corp. 2019 Notes as described in Note 11 to Financial Statements in our 2009 Form 10-K. In March 2010, EFH Corp. issued in a private exchange $34 million aggregate principal amount of 2020 Notes to an existing holder (the “Holder”) of EFH Corp.’s 11.250%/12.000% Senior Toggle Notes due 2017 and TCEH’s and TCEH Finance, Inc.’s 10.50%/11.25% Senior Toggle Notes due 2016. In exchange for the 2020 Notes, the Holder surrendered, transferred and delivered to EFH Corp. $20 million aggregate principal amount of EFH Corp.’s 11.250%/12.000% Senior Toggle Notes due 2017 and $27 million aggregate principal amount of TCEH’s and TCEH Finance, Inc.’s 10.50%/11.25% Senior Toggle Notes due 2016. Following the exchange transaction, the EFH Corp. 11.250%/12.000% Senior Toggle Notes due 2017 acquired by EFH Corp. were retired. On April 1, 2010, Fitch Ratings, Ltd. (a credit rating agency) (“Fitch”), downgraded its issuer default ratings of EFH Corp., EFIH, EFCH and TCEH one notch to B- from B and maintained a negative outlook, citing its diminished expectations of the cash flow generation capability of EFH Corp.’s competitive businesses in the face of very high debt leverage. In addition, Fitch downgraded the TCEH senior secured credit facilities two notches to B+ from BB and the TCEH 2015/2016 Notes one notch to B- from B. Fitch affirmed its ratings and stable outlook for Oncor. A credit rating reflects only the view of a rating agency, and is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. Credit ratings can be revised upward or downward at any time by a rating agency if such rating agency decides that circumstances warrant such a change. Additional Information EFIH was formed in Delaware in 2007. EFIH Finance was incorporated in Delaware in 2009. Our principal executive offices are located at Energy Plaza, 1601 Bryan Street, Dallas, TX 75201-3411. The telephone number of our principal executive offices is (214) 812-4600. Our website is http://www.energyfutureholdings.com/efih . Information on or connected to our website does not constitute part of this prospectus. 2 Table of Contents The Notes The summary below describes the principal terms of the notes and the related indenture. Certain of the terms and conditions described below are subject to important limitations and exceptions. The “Description of the Notes” section of this prospectus contains more detailed descriptions of the terms and conditions of the notes and the related indenture. Issuer Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC and EFIH Finance Inc. Securities Offered $141,083,000 aggregate principal amount of 9.75% Senior Secured Notes due 2019. Maturity Date October 15, 2019. Interest Rate The notes accrue interest at the rate of 9.75% per annum. Interest Payment Dates Interest on the notes is payable on April 15 and October 15 of each year, commencing on April 15, 2010. Ranking The notes are: • senior obligations of the Issuer and rank equally in right of payment with all existing and future senior indebtedness of the Issuer (including EFIH’s guarantees of the EFH Corp. 2017 Notes, the EFH Corp. 2019 Notes and the EFH Corp. 2020 Notes); • secured by the pledge of any investments EFIH owns in Oncor Holdings or any of its subsidiaries, which on the date of this prospectus consist of all of the membership interests EFIH owns in Oncor Holdings; • effectively senior to all unsecured indebtedness of the Issuer and any indebtedness secured by the Collateral on a subordinated basis, to the extent of the value of the Collateral; • effectively subordinated to any indebtedness of the Issuer secured by assets of the Issuer other than the Collateral, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; • structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities of EFIH’s subsidiaries (other than EFIH Finance), including the Oncor Subsidiaries, any of EFIH’s future foreign subsidiaries and any other unrestricted subsidiaries of EFIH; and • senior in right of payment to any future subordinated indebtedness of the Issuer. As of December 31, 2009, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the issuance of the EFH Corp. 2020 Notes, (1) the Issuer would not have had any senior indebtedness other than the notes and the guarantees by EFIH of the EFH Corp. 2017 Notes, the EFH Corp. 2019 Notes and the EFH Corp. 2020 Notes and (2) the notes would have been structurally subordinated to approximately $5,741 billion principal amount of indebtedness (includes long-term debt, including amounts due currently, and short-term borrowings) of the Issuer’s subsidiaries (other than EFIH Finance), including all of the Oncor Subsidiaries’ indebtedness. As of December 31, 2009, Oncor had approximately $1.262 billion of additional available capacity under its revolving credit facility (excluding $122 million of undrawn commitments from a subsidiary of Lehman Brothers Holding Inc. that has filed for bankruptcy under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended). 3 Table of Contents See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Notes and Our Substantial Indebtedness—If a court were to find that EFIH were insolvent before or after giving effect to the issuance of the notes in the exchange offers and did not receive reasonably equivalent value or fair consideration for the issuance of the notes or the pledge of the Collateral, the court may void all or a portion of the obligations represented by the notes or the pledge of the Collateral by EFIH as a fraudulent conveyance.” Guarantees The notes are not guaranteed. Security The notes are secured, equally and ratably with EFIH’s guarantees of the EFH Corp. 2019 Notes and the EFH Corp. 2020 Notes, by EFIH’s pledge of 100% of the membership interests and other investments it owns or holds in Oncor Holdings. As of the date of this prospectus, $115 million of EFH Corp. 2019 Notes and $534 million of EFH Corp. 2020 Notes were outstanding. See “Description of the Notes—Security for the Notes.” See also “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Notes and Our Substantial Indebtedness—The indenture governing the notes may not protect holders from all actions that EFH Corp., EFIH or the Oncor Subsidiaries may take that would reduce your interest in the Collateral or that may reduce the value of the Collateral, including sales or exchanges of the Collateral or the assets of the Oncor Subsidiaries for other assets or investments.” Optional Redemption The Issuer may redeem any of the notes on and after October 15, 2014 at the redemption prices set forth in this prospectus. The Issuer may also redeem any of the notes at any time prior to October 15, 2014 at a price equal to 100% of their principal amount, plus accrued interest and a “make-whole” premium. In addition, before October 15, 2012, the Issuer may redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of the notes, using the proceeds from certain equity offerings at the redemption price set forth in this prospectus. See “Description of the Notes—Optional Redemption.” Change of Control Offer Upon the occurrence of certain transactions meeting the definition of “change of control,” holders of the notes will have the right to require the Issuer to repurchase some or all of the notes at 101% of their face amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the repurchase date. This right is subject to important limitations. For example, this right will not apply to a transaction that would otherwise be a “change of control” if the transaction meets certain requirements. See “Description of the Notes—Repurchase at the Option of Holders—Change of Control” and the definition of “Change of Control” under “Description of the Notes.” 4 Table of Contents The Issuer may not be able to pay holders the required price for notes they present to it at the time of a change of control, because the Issuer may not have enough funds at that time or the terms of the Issuer’s other indebtedness or any of its subsidiaries’ indebtedness, including Oncor’s revolving credit facility, may prevent the Issuer from making such payment or receiving funds from its subsidiaries in an amount sufficient to fund such payment. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Notes and Our Substantial Indebtedness—The Issuer may not be able to repurchase the notes upon a change of control,” “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Notes and Our Substantial Indebtedness—We may transfer or dispose of our interests in Oncor Holdings to a third party in a manner that would result in such third party becoming the obligor under the notes, without EFIH being required to offer to repurchase such notes. The risks of an investment in the notes may increase further following such a transaction.” Important Covenants The indenture governing the notes contains covenants limiting EFIH’s ability and the ability of its restricted subsidiaries to: • pay dividends on or make distributions in respect of EFIH’s capital stock or make other restricted payments; • make investments (including investments in Oncor); • incur additional debt or issue some types of preferred shares; • create liens on assets to secure debt; • sell assets; • consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets in certain circumstances; • enter into certain transactions with its affiliates; and • designate its subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries. These covenants are subject to a number of important limitations and exceptions. For example, the sale of all of the Oncor business (as defined under “Permitted Asset Transfer” under “Description of the Notes”) will not be considered the sale of all or substantially all of EFIH’s assets under the indenture so long as certain conditions are satisfied, including the condition that the transferee assumes the obligations under the notes. Certain other transactions (including certain intercompany transactions) involving the Oncor business will also not be considered the sale of all or substantially all of EFIH’s assets. Additionally, up to an aggregate of $4.0 billion of indebtedness secured by a first priority lien on the Collateral, including the notes, the EFH Corp. 2019 Notes and the EFH Corp. 2020 Notes, may be incurred under the indenture. Under the terms of the indenture, none of EFIH’s subsidiaries (other than EFIH Finance, which has no assets) are restricted subsidiaries subject to the covenants referenced above. Oncor Holdings, the immediate parent of Oncor, and its subsidiaries are unrestricted subsidiaries under the indenture and, accordingly, are not subject to any of the restrictive covenants in the indenture. 5 Table of Contents No Active Trading Market We cannot assure you as to the liquidity of markets that may develop for the notes, your ability to sell the notes or the price at which you would be able to sell the notes. The Market Maker has advised us that it intends to make a market in the notes as permitted by applicable laws and regulations; however, it is not obligated to do so, and it may discontinue its market-making activities at any time without notice. In addition, it may be restricted in its market-making activities. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Notes and Our Substantial Indebtedness—Your ability to transfer the notes may be limited by the absence of an active trading market, and there is no assurance that an active trading market will develop for the notes.” Listing The notes are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “TXUI19.” Use of Proceeds This prospectus may be delivered in connection with the resale of notes by the Market Maker and the affiliates of the Market Maker in market-making transactions in the notes in the secondary market. We will not receive any of the proceeds from such resales. See “Use of Proceeds.” Risk Factors In addition to the other information included in or incorporated by reference into this prospectus, you should carefully consider the information set forth in the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 22, as well as those contained in our 2009 Form 10-K, which is incorporated into this prospectus by reference, before deciding whether or not to invest in the notes. 6 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the risk factors set forth below and the risk factors incorporated into this prospectus by reference to our 2009 Form 10-K, as well as the other information contained in and incorporated by reference into this prospectus before deciding to invest in the notes. The selected risks described below and the risks that are incorporated into this prospectus by reference to our 2009 Form 10-K are not our only risks. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or those we currently view to be immaterial also may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Any of the following risks or any of the risks described in our 2009 Form 10-K could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results or cash flow. In such a case, the trading price of the notes could decline, or we may not be able to make payments of interest and principal on the notes, and you may lose all or part of your original investment. Risks Related to the Notes and Our Substantial Indebtedness Our substantial leverage could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy and prevent us from meeting obligations under the various debt agreements governing our indebtedness. We are highly leveraged. As of December 31, 2009, our consolidated principal amount of debt (short-term borrowings and long-term debt, including amounts due currently and the portion of the debt of EFH Corp. that is guaranteed by EFIH and “pushed down” to EFIH in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”)) totaled $8.25 billion (see Notes 10 and 11 to Financial Statements included in our 2009 Form 10-K). Our substantial leverage could have important consequences, including: • making it more difficult for us to make payments on our indebtedness; • requiring a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on indebtedness, therefore reducing our ability to use our cash flow to make capital expenditures and take advantage of future business opportunities and execute our strategy; • increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic, industry or competitive developments; • limiting our ability to make strategic acquisitions or causing us to make non-strategic divestitures; • limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes, or to refinance existing debt; • placing us at a disadvantage compared to competitors who are less highly leveraged and who, therefore, may be able to take advantage of opportunities that we cannot due to our substantial leverage; and • limiting our ability to adjust to changing market conditions. Despite our current high indebtedness level, we may still be able to incur substantially more indebtedness. This could further exacerbate the risks associated with the notes and our other substantial indebtedness. We may be able to incur additional indebtedness in the future. Although our debt agreements and certain debt agreements of EFH Corp. contain restrictions on our ability to incur additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions, and under certain circumstances, the amount of indebtedness, including secured indebtedness, that could be incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. The indenture governing the notes allows EFIH to incur up to an aggregate of $4.0 billion of debt, including the notes, the EFH Corp. 2019 Notes and the EFH Corp. 2020 Notes, which would be secured on a parity lien basis by the Collateral, and a substantial amount of additional indebtedness, which additional indebtedness may be secured by a junior-priority security interest in the Collateral or by assets of EFIH other than the Collateral. If new debt is added to our existing debt levels, the related risks that we now face would intensify. See “Description of the Notes.” 7 Table of Contents The indenture governing the notes and certain of the debt agreements of EFH Corp. contain restrictions that limit flexibility in operating our businesses. The indenture governing the notes and certain debt agreements of EFH Corp. contain covenants and other restrictions that limit our ability to engage in specified types of transactions and may adversely affect our ability to operate our businesses. These covenants and other restrictions limit our ability to, among other things: • incur additional indebtedness or issue preferred shares; • pay dividends on, repurchase or make distributions in respect of capital stock or make other restricted payments; • make investments; • sell or transfer assets; • create liens; • consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; • enter into transactions with our affiliates; and • repay, repurchase or modify certain subordinated and other material debt. There are a number of important limitations and exceptions to these covenants and other restrictions. See “Description of the Notes” for a description of these covenants and other restrictions. In addition, EFH Corp. and Oncor have implemented a number of “ring-fencing” measures to enhance the credit quality of Oncor, its immediate parent, Oncor Holdings, and Oncor Holdings’ other subsidiaries. Those measures include, among other things: • Oncor being treated as an unrestricted subsidiary with respect to EFIH’s indebtedness, including the notes; • Oncor not being restricted from incurring its own indebtedness; • Oncor not guaranteeing or pledging any of its assets to secure the indebtedness of any member of the Texas Holdings Group; and • restrictions on dividends, and the right of the independent members of Oncor’s board of directors and the primary minority interest member of Oncor to block the payment of dividends. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness, including the notes, and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our debt agreements, which may not be successful. Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. We may not be able to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness, including the notes. If cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our and our subsidiaries’ debt service obligations, we or our subsidiaries could face substantial liquidity problems and might be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to dispose of assets or operations, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance indebtedness, including the notes. These alternative measures may not be successful or adequate for us and our subsidiaries to meet our debt service obligations then due. Additionally, our and our subsidiaries’ debt agreements, including the indenture governing the notes, and certain debt agreements of EFH Corp. limit the use of the proceeds from certain dispositions of assets or operations. As a result, we may not be allowed, under these documents, to use proceeds from such dispositions to satisfy our debt service obligations. 8 Table of Contents If we or any of our subsidiaries default on obligations to pay indebtedness, we may not be able to make payments on the notes. Any default under our or our subsidiaries’ debt agreements that is not waived by the required lenders or noteholders, and the remedies sought by the holders of such indebtedness, could prevent us from paying principal, premium, if any, and interest on the notes, which could substantially decrease the market price of the notes. If our subsidiaries are unable to generate sufficient cash flows and we are otherwise unable to obtain funds necessary to meet required payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness, or if we or our subsidiaries otherwise fail to comply with the various covenants, including any financial and operating covenants, in the instruments governing our or their indebtedness, we or they could be in default under the terms of the agreements governing such indebtedness. In the event of such default, the holders of such indebtedness could elect to declare all the funds borrowed thereunder to be due and payable, together with accrued and unpaid interest, and/or the lenders could elect to terminate their commitments thereunder, cease making further loans and, in the case of the holders of the notes, institute foreclosure proceedings against the pledged assets, and we could be forced into bankruptcy, liquidation or insolvency. If the operating performance of our subsidiaries declines, we or certain of our subsidiaries may in the future need to obtain waivers from the required lenders or noteholders to avoid being in default. If our subsidiaries seek a waiver, they may not be able to obtain a waiver from the required lenders. If this occurs, such subsidiaries would be in default under the instrument governing that indebtedness, the lenders could exercise their rights, and such subsidiaries could be forced into bankruptcy, liquidation or insolvency. There are no guarantors of the notes. As a result, the notes are structurally subordinated to all liabilities of EFIH’s subsidiaries (other than EFIH Finance) and will have no claim on the assets of EFH Corp. or its subsidiaries (other than the Issuer). The notes are not guaranteed. EFIH is a holding company, does not have any operations and generally relies on distributions from its subsidiaries to fund its obligations. However, EFIH’s historical consolidated financial statements incorporated by reference into this prospectus reflect the results of operations and assets, among other things, of all of EFIH’s subsidiaries. EFIH’s subsidiaries generated all of its consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2009, and as of December 31, 2009, EFIH’s subsidiaries held substantially all of EFIH’s consolidated total assets. EFIH’s subsidiaries (including the Oncor Subsidiaries) and EFH Corp. and its other subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay any amounts due pursuant to the notes, or to make any funds available therefore, whether by dividends, loans, distributions or other payments. The notes are structurally subordinated to the indebtedness and other liabilities of all of EFIH’s subsidiaries (including the Oncor Subsidiaries), other than EFIH Finance, and holders of the notes will have no claim on the assets of EFH Corp., Energy Future Competitive Holdings Company (“EFCH”) and the subsidiaries of EFCH, including TCEH. The claims of creditors of each of EFIH’s subsidiaries, including trade creditors, have priority as to the assets of these subsidiaries. In the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or insolvency of any of these subsidiaries, these subsidiaries will pay the holders of their debts, holders of preferred equity interests and their trade creditors before they will be able to distribute any of their assets to EFIH. The Issuer’s ability to obtain funds from TCEH (via EFH Corp.) to pay principal, premium and interest on the notes will be limited in some circumstances. Pursuant to TCEH’s senior secured credit facilities and the indenture governing the TCEH 2015/2016 Notes, as long as TCEH is a subsidiary of EFH Corp., TCEH may provide EFH Corp. with intercompany loans on arm’s length terms, in an unlimited amount, to allow EFH Corp. to pay principal, premium and interest on the EFH Corp. 2019 Notes and certain of the EFH Corp. 2020 Notes. However, the indenture governing the TCEH 2015/2016 Notes limits TCEH’s ability to provide such loans for payment of principal, premium and interest on indebtedness of EFH Corp.’s subsidiaries, including the notes. The indenture governing the notes does not limit or restrict the activities of the Oncor Subsidiaries. The Oncor Subsidiaries are not “Restricted Subsidiaries” under the indenture governing the notes (except under certain circumstances, such as in connection with the calculation of the “fixed charge coverage ratio” or “consolidated leverage ratio” for purposes of making certain restricted payments; see “Description of the Notes”). As of the date of this prospectus, EFIH’s subsidiaries (other than EFIH Finance) consist only of the Oncor Subsidiaries, all of which are unrestricted subsidiaries of EFIH. Accordingly, none of EFIH’s subsidiaries (other than EFIH Finance) are subject to the restrictive covenants contained in the notes, described under “Description of the Notes,” and none of EFIH’s subsidiaries guarantee the notes. 9 Table of Contents Because the Oncor Subsidiaries are unrestricted subsidiaries under the indenture governing the notes and therefore are not subject to any of the restrictive covenants therein, the indenture does not serve to limit or restrict the ability of Oncor Holdings or its subsidiaries to take any actions or enter into any transactions that would impair their ability to dividend funds to EFIH to service the notes and other debt of EFIH, or that would negatively affect the value of EFIH’s equity interests in Oncor Holdings that are pledged as Collateral for the notes, such as incurring debt, selling or transferring all or a portion of the assets of Oncor Holdings or its subsidiaries, entering into joint ventures, dividending out assets or engaging in speculative investments. Certain actions that would negatively affect the value of the Collateral may increase the ability of EFIH to make restricted payments under the terms of the indenture governing the notes. EFIH has a very limited ability to control activities at Oncor due to structural and operational “ring-fencing” measures. EFIH depends upon Oncor for a significant amount of its cash flows and ability to pay its obligations. However, EFIH has a very limited ability to control the activities of Oncor. As part of the “ring-fencing” measures related to Oncor implemented by EFH Corp. and Oncor, a majority of the members of Oncor’s board of directors are required to meet the New York Stock Exchange requirements for independence in all material respects, and the unanimous consent of such directors is required for Oncor to take certain actions. In addition, any new independent directors are required to be appointed by the nominating committee of Oncor Holdings’ board of directors, a majority of whose members are independent directors. No member of EFH Corp.’s or EFIH’s management is a member of Oncor’s board of directors. EFIH has a very limited ability to control the activities of Oncor. Under Oncor Holdings’ and Oncor’s organizational documents, EFIH has the right, indirectly, to consent to new issuances of equity securities by Oncor, material transactions with third parties involving Oncor outside of the ordinary course of business, actions that cause Oncor’s assets to increase the level of jurisdiction of the United States Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (“FERC”), any changes to the state of formation of Oncor, material changes to accounting methods not required by GAAP, and actions that fail to enforce certain tax sharing obligations between Oncor and EFH Corp. In addition, there are restrictions on Oncor’s ability to make distributions to its members, including indirectly to EFIH. The notes are secured only to the extent of the value of the assets that have been granted as security for the notes. The Collateral securing the notes includes only EFIH’s membership interests and other investments that EFIH owns or holds in the Oncor Subsidiaries (which as of the date of this prospectus consists of 100% of the membership interests of Oncor Holdings), but does not include any assets of Oncor Holdings or its subsidiaries. Oncor Holdings owns approximately 80% of Oncor. No appraisals of any of the Collateral securing the notes have been prepared by or on behalf of the Issuer. The fair market value of the Collateral may not be sufficient to repay the holders of the notes upon any foreclosure. The fair market value of the membership interests of Oncor Holdings is subject to fluctuations based on factors that include, among other things, the financial results and prospects of the Oncor Subsidiaries and its ability to implement its business strategy, Oncor’s capital structure and the amount of its other existing indebtedness (as to which EFIH has no control), applicable regulatory approvals that may be required to foreclose on the membership interests of Oncor Holdings and subsequently dispose of the membership interests of Oncor Holdings, the ability to sell the membership interests of Oncor Holdings in an orderly sale, general economic conditions, the availability of buyers and similar factors. Furthermore, upon a foreclosure in the Collateral, holders may be limited in their ability to obtain the best price for the Collateral if they are unable to exercise a “drag-along” right to force Texas Transmission Investment LLC (“Texas Transmission”), Oncor’s primary minority interest owner, to sell its membership interests pursuant to the terms of the investor rights agreement, dated November 5, 2007, among EFH Corp., Oncor Holdings, Oncor and Texas Transmission (the “Investor Rights Agreement”). In addition, a court could limit recoverability if it were to apply non-New York law to a proceeding and deem a portion of the interest claim usurious in violation of public policy. The amount to be received upon a sale of any Collateral would be dependent on numerous factors, including but not limited to the actual fair market value of the Collateral at such time, general, market and economic conditions and the timing and the manner of the sale. 10 Table of Contents EFIH’s guarantees of the EFH Corp. 2019 Notes and the EFH Corp. 2020 Notes are also secured by the Collateral, equally and ratably with the notes. In the event that a bankruptcy or similar proceeding is commenced by or against the Issuer, if at the time of the filing the value of the membership interests of Oncor Holdings and other Collateral is less than the amount of principal and accrued and unpaid interest on the notes, the EFH Corp. 2019 Notes and the EFH Corp. 2020 Notes, interest may cease to accrue on the notes thereafter. If at the time of the filing the value of the membership interests of Oncor Holdings and other Collateral is greater than the amount of principal and accrued and unpaid interest on the notes, the EFH Corp. 2019 Notes and the EFH Corp. 2020 Notes, interest may nevertheless cease to accrue at a subsequent time if at such time the value ceases to be in excess of the principal and accrued and unpaid interest. It is possible, given the broad discretionary powers of a bankruptcy court, even if at the time of the filing the value of the membership interests of Oncor Holdings and other Collateral is greater than the amount of principal and accrued and unpaid interest on the notes, the EFH Corp. 2019 Notes and the EFH Corp. 2020 Notes on the date of filing, claims on the membership interests of Oncor Holdings and other Collateral for interest accruing from and after the date the bankruptcy petition is filed might not be allowed. In the event of a foreclosure, liquidation, bankruptcy or similar proceeding, the proceeds from any sale of the membership interests of Oncor Holdings and other Collateral may not be sufficient to pay the obligations due under the notes. To the extent that the claims of the holders of the notes, the EFH Corp. 2019 Notes and the EFH Corp. 2020 Notes exceed the value of the membership interests of Oncor Holdings and other Collateral, those excess claims will rank equally with the claims of the holders of EFIH’s then outstanding senior debt. As a result, if the value of the membership interests of Oncor Holdings and other Collateral is less than the value of the claims of the holders of the notes, the EFH Corp. 2019 Notes and the EFH Corp. 2020 Notes, those claims may not be satisfied in full. The security interest granted in favor of the collateral trustee is subject to practical problems generally associated with the realization of security interests in collateral. For example, the collateral trustee may need to obtain the consent of a third party to obtain or enforce a security interest in a contract, and we cannot assure you that the collateral trustee will be able to obtain any such consent. The consents of any third parties may not be given when required to facilitate a foreclosure on any particular assets. Accordingly, the collateral trustee may not have the ability to foreclose upon such assets, and the value of the Collateral may significantly decrease. Regulatory approvals may be required in order to enforce the security interests in the Collateral and to dispose of an interest in, or operational control of, the Collateral that secures the notes. The Collateral securing the notes includes all of EFIH’s membership interests and other investments that EFIH owns or holds in the Oncor Subsidiaries. Pursuant to the Public Utility Regulatory Act (“PURA”), Texas Utilities Code §§39.262(l) and 39.915, an electric utility must obtain prior PUCT approval of any change in majority ownership, controlling ownership or operational control of Oncor. As a result, prior to any foreclosure on the membership interests of Oncor Holdings, approval of the PUCT may be required for a change in ownership or control of Oncor Holdings. Pursuant to PURA §§39.262(m) and 39.915(b), the PUCT will approve such a transfer if it finds that the transaction is in the public interest. In making its determination, these sections of PURA provide that the PUCT will consider whether the transaction will adversely affect the reliability of service, availability of service or cost of service of Oncor. Therefore, in connection with any action taken to enforce the security against the Collateral, such approval may not be granted and, if it were to be granted, it is not known how long it would take to obtain such approval. Even if the approval were granted to foreclose on the Collateral, then additional prior PUCT approval may also be required for any subsequent change in majority ownership, controlling ownership or operational control in the membership interests of Oncor Holdings. Additionally, Texas Holdings has committed to hold a majority ownership interest in Oncor through October 10, 2012. This commitment is incorporated in the Order on Rehearing in PUCT Docket No. 34077. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Investor Rights Agreement, any transfer of the equity interests in Oncor Holdings to a third party, including as a result of any enforcement of the lien on the Collateral securing the notes and EFIH’s guarantees of the EFH Corp. 2019 Notes and the EFH Corp. 2020 Notes, may be limited and give rise to a tag-along right of Texas Transmission, the primary minority interest investor in Oncor, to participate in that transfer on a pro rata basis, which may hinder the enforcement of the lien on the Collateral in a timely manner, if at all. 11 Table of Contents In the event of the Issuer’s bankruptcy, the ability of the holders of the notes to realize upon the Collateral securing the notes will be subject to certain bankruptcy law limitations. The right of the trustee for the notes to repossess and dispose of the Collateral, which secures the notes and EFIH’s guarantees of the EFH Corp. 2019 Notes and the EFH Corp. 2020 Notes, upon acceleration is likely to be significantly impaired by federal bankruptcy law if bankruptcy proceedings are commenced by or against the Issuer. This could be true even if bankruptcy proceedings are commenced after the trustee for the notes has repossessed and disposed of the Collateral. Under bankruptcy law, a secured creditor, such as the trustee for the notes, is prohibited from repossessing collateral from a debtor in a bankruptcy case, or from disposing of collateral repossessed from a debtor, without bankruptcy court approval. Moreover, bankruptcy law permits the debtor to continue to retain and to use any such collateral, and the proceeds, products, rents or profits of such collateral, even though the debtor is in default under the applicable debt instruments, provided that the secured creditor is given “adequate protection.” The meaning of the term “adequate protection” varies according to circumstances, but in general the doctrine of “adequate protection” requires a debtor to protect the value of a secured creditor’s interest in the collateral, through cash payments, the granting of an additional security interest or otherwise. It is impossible to predict whether or when payments in respect of the notes might be made following commencement of a bankruptcy case, whether or when the trustee would repossess or dispose of the Collateral, or whether or to what extent holders of the notes would be compensated for any delay in payment or loss of value of the Collateral through the requirements of “adequate protection.” Furthermore, in the event the bankruptcy court determines that the value of the Collateral is not sufficient to repay all amounts due on the notes, the holders of the notes would have unsecured “deficiency claims” as to the difference. Federal bankruptcy laws do not generally permit the payment of interest, costs, or attorneys’ fees for unsecured claims during the debtor’s bankruptcy case. Under the indenture governing the notes, holders of the notes agree to not file a bankruptcy proceeding against Oncor Holdings or any of its subsidiaries. By accepting any notes, holders of the notes acknowledge and agree that they will not (i) initiate any legal proceeding to procure the appointment of an administrative receiver or (ii) institute any bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, winding up, liquidation, or any like proceeding under applicable law, against Oncor Holdings, Oncor or any of their subsidiaries, or against any of the assets of Oncor Holdings, Oncor or any of their subsidiaries. Such holders further acknowledge and agree that each of Oncor Holdings, Oncor and any of their subsidiaries is a third party beneficiary of the foregoing covenant and have the right to specifically enforce such covenant in any proceeding at law or in equity. In the event that the Issuer becomes the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding, holders of the notes will only have a claim for repayment of their notes against the Issuer’s assets, including the membership interests of Oncor Holdings and any other Collateral. Holders of the notes will not benefit from a guarantee of EFH Corp. or any of its other subsidiaries. Therefore, in the event that the Issuer becomes the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding, holders of notes will only have a claim against the Issuer’s assets, including the membership interests of Oncor Holdings and any other Collateral, to satisfy any outstanding principal, premium and interest on the notes, and will have no claim against the assets of EFH Corp. or any of its subsidiaries (other than the Issuer), including EFCH and TCEH, or against the assets of Oncor. The value of the Collateral may be diluted if we issue additional debt that is secured equally and ratably by the same Collateral securing the notes or if the Collateral is sold. EFIH’s guarantees of the EFH Corp. 2019 Notes and the EFH Corp. 2020 Notes are secured by the Collateral on a parity lien basis with the notes. In addition, the indentures governing the notes, the EFH Corp. 2019 Notes and the EFH Corp. 2020 Notes provide that EFH Corp. and EFIH may incur up to an aggregate of $4.0 billion of debt, including the notes, the EFH Corp. 2019 Notes and the EFH Corp. 2020 Notes, which would be secured on a parity lien basis by the Collateral. Therefore, because the principal amount of the notes, the EFH Corp. 2019 Notes and the EFH Corp. 2020 Notes is less than $4.0 billion, EFH Corp. and EFIH may subsequently incur additional debt secured on a parity lien basis by the Collateral up to the $4.0 billion limit, subject to restrictions on their ability to incur debt and liens under the indenture governing the notes and under other documents governing their indebtedness. To the extent that any of this additional debt is incurred in the future, the interests of holders of the notes in the Collateral will be diluted. Additionally, EFH Corp. and EFIH are not restricted from issuing additional debt that is secured by a junior lien on the Collateral, subject to restrictions on their ability to incur debt and liens under the indenture governing the notes and under other documents governing their indebtedness. 12 Table of Contents The collateral trust agreement governing the pledge of Collateral generally provides that the holders of a majority of the debt secured by a first priority lien on the Collateral, including the notes, the EFH Corp. 2019 Notes, the EFH Corp. 2020 Notes and any future debt incurred by EFH Corp. or EFIH secured by the Collateral equally and ratably, will have, subject to certain limited exceptions, the exclusive right to manage, perform and enforce the terms of the security documents securing the rights of secured debtholders in the Collateral, and to exercise and enforce all privileges, rights and remedies thereunder. To the extent that EFH Corp. and/or EFIH incurs additional secured debt that is secured equally and ratably with the notes and the amount of this additional secured debt, alone or together with any EFH Corp. 2019 Notes and EFH Corp. 2020 Notes, exceeds the amount of the notes, the holders of such secured debt may be able to exercise control under the collateral trust agreement and other security documents. EFIH will in most cases have control over the Collateral securing the notes and EFIH’s guarantees of the EFH Corp. 2019 Notes and the EFH Corp. 2020 Notes, and to the extent permitted, its sale by EFIH would eliminate the collateral securing such notes and guarantees. The documents governing the pledge of the Collateral permit EFIH to remain in possession of, retain exclusive control over, freely operate and collect, invest and dispose of, any income from, the Collateral, such as cash dividends. In addition, in certain limited circumstances EFIH will have the right to sell the Collateral free and clear of the security interest underlying the notes. Rights of holders of the notes in the Collateral may be adversely affected by the failure to perfect security interests in certain Collateral acquired in the future. EFIH may acquire assets or investments in the future that would be required to be pledged as Collateral securing the notes. There can be no assurance that the trustee or the collateral trustee will monitor, or that we will inform the trustee or the collateral trustee of, the future acquisition of assets or investments that would be required to be pledged as Collateral, and that the necessary action will be taken to properly perfect the security interest in such after-acquired Collateral. Neither the trustee nor the collateral trustee has an obligation to monitor the acquisition of additional assets or investments that are required to be pledged as Collateral or the perfection of any security interest in such Collateral. Such failure may result in the loss of the security interest in the Collateral or the priority of the security interest in favor of the notes against third parties. We may transfer or dispose of our interests in Oncor Holdings to a third party in a manner that would result in such third party becoming the obligor under the notes, without EFIH being required to offer to repurchase the notes. The risks of an investment in the notes may increase further following such a transaction. The indenture governing the notes provides that EFIH may engage in a “Permitted Asset Transfer” with respect to EFIH’s ownership of Oncor Holdings that would result in the obligations under the notes being assumed by a third party to which the investments in the Oncor Subsidiaries are transferred in any such Permitted Asset Transfer (referred to as a “third party transferee”). Permitted Asset Transfer includes: • the direct or indirect sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (including by way of merger, wind-up or consolidation) or spin-off of the equity of EFIH such that it is no longer a subsidiary of EFH Corp., and • the sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger, wind-up or consolidation) of all of EFIH’s equity interests and other investments in the Oncor Subsidiaries or successor Oncor business and all other Collateral held by EFIH. 13 Table of Contents If a valid Permitted Asset Transfer occurs, the notes would become obligations of the third party transferee of the investments in the Oncor Subsidiaries, which would result in EFIH no longer being liable on the notes. In connection with a Permitted Asset Transfer to a third party transferee, such third party transferee, as the successor obligor, may not have sufficient sources of capital to service its debt and the obligations under the notes, the EFH Corp. 2019 and 2020 Notes, which would also be assumed by the third party transferee, and distributions from the Oncor Subsidiaries may not be available or sufficient to service the obligations under the notes. No Oncor Subsidiary will become obligated on the notes, the EFH Corp. 2019 Notes or the EFH Corp. 2020 Notes as a result of a Permitted Asset Transfer. Additionally, if a Permitted Asset Transfer occurs in accordance with the terms of the indenture governing the notes, the Issuer will not be required to make a change of control offer to repurchase the notes under the indenture even if a change of control may otherwise have occurred. If a merger of EFIH into EFH Corp. occurs, the covenants, events of default and other terms of the notes will be amended to be substantially similar to those of the EFH Corp. 2019 Notes. The amended provisions may be less restrictive than the original terms of the notes, in particular with respect to the ability to incur debt or make restricted payments. The indenture governing the notes provides that a Permitted Asset Transfer may only occur if certain conditions are met, including a requirement that the ratings of the notes are not lowered by two or more rating agencies (or the only rating agency then rating such notes) during a specified period before or after the proposed Permitted Asset Transfer has been publicly announced. However, these conditions may not protect holders against actions that EFIH or the permitted transferee could take that may negatively impact the credit risk of the notes following a Permitted Asset Transfer, such as removing assets and cash from EFIH or the Oncor Subsidiaries or increasing debt at EFIH before the Permitted Asset Transfer. In addition, because EFIH is a “Restricted Subsidiary” under the indentures governing the EFH Corp. 2019 Notes and the EFH Corp. 2020 Notes, assets of EFIH, other than the Collateral, could be transferred to EFH Corp. prior to a Permitted Asset Transfer and would in that case not be assets of EFIH or a third party transferee that has become the obligor of the notes. The third party transferee that becomes the obligor on the notes may itself engage in a subsequent Permitted Asset Transfer, in which case the risks described above would continue to apply with respect to the subsequent Permitted Asset Transfer and the subsequent third party transferee. There will be no event of default under the indenture governing the notes if the Oncor Subsidiaries take actions or enter into transactions that would impair their ability to dividend funds to EFIH, which could impair EFIH’s ability to make payments on the notes, or that would negatively affect the value of the assets that are pledged as Collateral, such as incurring debt, selling or transferring all or a portion of the assets of Oncor, entering into joint ventures, dividending out assets or engaging in speculative investments. Any of the above actions on the part of EFIH, the third party transferee or subsequent third party transferee or the Oncor Subsidiaries following the completion of a Permitted Asset Transfer may further increase the credit risk of the notes, may result in the rating agencies taking negative action with respect to the notes and may reduce the market price of the notes. See the definitions of “Change of Control” and “Permitted Asset Transfer” contained under “Description of the Notes” for more information. The indenture governing the notes may not protect holders from all actions that EFH Corp., EFIH or the Oncor Subsidiaries may take that would reduce your interest in the Collateral or that may reduce the value of the Collateral, including sales or exchanges of the Collateral or the assets of the Oncor Subsidiaries for other assets or investments. Under the indenture governing the notes, EFIH may dispose of all or a portion of the Collateral for fair market value consideration (including consideration other than cash) that may consist of assets or equity interests in joint ventures. Additionally, there will be no event of default under such indenture if the Oncor Subsidiaries sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of their assets or equity interests for any form of consideration. 14 Table of Contents If EFIH or the Oncor Subsidiaries effect any of these transactions, holders’ interest in the Collateral or the value of the Collateral may be materially reduced. The indenture governing the notes allows EFIH to transfer any of the Collateral in exchange for an equivalent fair market value of assets other than cash or for investments in businesses that are similar to the businesses of Oncor, including interests in joint ventures in businesses that are not controlled by EFH Corp. or EFIH. The assets received as consideration and pledged as substitute Collateral may prove to be less valuable than the value of the investments in Oncor that were disposed of in such transfer or exchange. Additionally, if interests in a new business were received in exchange for the Collateral, such new business may, in the future, engage in business activities that are different from the business that Oncor presently is in or such new business may not prove to be as creditworthy or valuable as Oncor, and EFIH may not have any control over such business’ activities if a minority interest in the joint venture interests was received in such transfer or exchange. Therefore, such new collateral may negatively alter the risk profile of EFIH or the value of such new collateral may decline relative to the value of the disposed investments in Oncor. There will be no event of default under the indenture governing the notes if any of the Oncor Subsidiaries sells, transfers or disposes of the assets of Oncor Holdings or investments in or assets of Oncor. The consideration received in exchange for such assets or investments may decline in value as compared to the assets or investments that were so disposed, and, therefore, the value of the Collateral may be less than if such assets and investments had been retained. The Oncor Subsidiaries may transfer their assets and investments in exchange for interests in other businesses or assets, minority interests or interests in joint ventures, in which case the value of the Collateral may be at risk of declining due to the factors described above. In any joint venture in which EFIH or an Oncor Subsidiary has an interest, EFIH or the Oncor Subsidiary may not have the right or power to direct the management and policies of such joint ventures and other participants may take action contrary to the instructions or requests of EFIH or such Oncor Subsidiary or against its policies and objectives, and any such actions taken by such joint ventures may not be in the best interests of holders of notes. In addition, the other participants to any such joint venture may become bankrupt or have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with the goals of EFIH or such Oncor Subsidiary and/or the holders of the notes. The completion of any of the above events may result in the credit risk of the notes increasing, the credit rating agencies taking negative action with respect to the notes or the market price of the notes declining. Additionally, in the event of any foreclosure on the Collateral, holders of the notes may recover less than if the Collateral still consisted of investments in the Oncor Subsidiaries. You may be required to recognize taxable gain or loss in connection with a Permitted Asset Transfer. In connection with a Permitted Asset Transfer, EFIH’s obligations under the notes would be transferred to, and assumed by, a third party transferee or may be considered, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, to undergo a substitution of obligors even if not transferred to, or assumed by, a third party transferee. Upon any such transfer or deemed substitution of obligors, you may be deemed to have exchanged the notes for new notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Upon such deemed exchange, a holder, under U.S. federal income tax law, may be required to recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount deemed to be realized in connection with the deemed exchange and such holder’s adjusted tax basis in the notes on the date of the deemed exchange. For more information, please see “Material U.S. Federal Tax Considerations—Material Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders—Sale, Exchange, Retirement or Other Taxable Disposition of Notes.” 15 Table of Contents If a court were to find that EFIH were insolvent before or after giving effect to the issuance of the notes and did not receive reasonably equivalent value or fair consideration for the issuance of the notes or the pledge of the Collateral, the court may void all or a portion of the obligations represented by the notes or the pledge of the Collateral by EFIH as a fraudulent conveyance. In a bankruptcy proceeding, a trustee, debtor in possession or another person acting on behalf of the bankruptcy estate may seek to recover all or a portion of transfers made or void obligations incurred prior to the bankruptcy proceeding on the basis that such transfers and obligations constituted fraudulent conveyances. Under certain circumstances, creditors may recover transfers or void obligations under state fraudulent conveyance laws even if the debtor is not in bankruptcy. Fraudulent conveyances are generally defined to include transfers made or obligations incurred for inadequate consideration when a debtor was insolvent, inadequately capitalized or in similar financial distress, or transfers made or obligations incurred with the intent of hindering, delaying or defrauding current or future creditors. A trustee, debtor in possession or another person acting on behalf of a bankruptcy estate may be able to recover such transfers under the fraudulent conveyance provisions of the bankruptcy law and/or state fraudulent conveyance laws. The fraudulent conveyance provisions of the bankruptcy law allows the trustee, debtor in possession, or other person acting on behalf of a bankruptcy estate to void a fraudulent conveyance made within two years prior to the commencement of a bankruptcy proceeding. Under state fraudulent conveyance laws, transfers made more than two years prior to the commencement of a fraudulent conveyance lawsuit may be subject to avoidance. If a court were to find that the Issuer issued the notes or EFIH granted its pledge of the Collateral under circumstances constituting a fraudulent conveyance, then a court could void all or a portion of the obligations under the notes or the pledge of the Collateral. In addition, under such circumstances, the value of any consideration holders received with respect to the notes and the Collateral, including upon foreclosure of the Collateral, could also be subject to recovery from such holders and, possibly, from subsequent transferees of the notes. If the pledge of the Collateral was voided and the issuance of the notes was not voided, then holders of notes would become unsecured creditors. The notes or the pledge of the Collateral by EFIH could be voided as a fraudulent conveyance, or claims in respect of the notes or pledge could be subordinated to all other debts of the Issuer, if the Issuer, at the time it incurred the indebtedness evidenced by the notes or granted the pledge, received less than reasonably equivalent value or fair consideration for the issuance of the notes or the grant of the pledge of the Collateral and the Issuer: • was insolvent or rendered insolvent by reason of such issuance or grant; • was engaged in a business or transaction for which the Issuer’s remaining assets constituted unreasonably small capital; or • intended to incur, or believed that it would incur, debts beyond its ability to pay those debts as they mature. The measures of insolvency for purposes of these fraudulent transfer laws will vary depending upon the law applied in any proceeding to determine whether a fraudulent transfer has occurred. Generally, however, a debtor would be considered insolvent if: • the sum of its debts, including contingent liabilities, was greater than the fair saleable value of all of its assets; • the present fair saleable value of its assets was less than the amount that would be required to pay its probable liability on its existing debts, including contingent liabilities, as they become absolute and mature; or • it could not pay its debts as they become due. 16 Table of Contents The assets of EFIH currently exceed its liabilities as shown on its balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP as of December 31, 2009; however, the values assigned to assets and liabilities in its balance sheet are not necessarily indicative of the values that a court would assign to such assets and liabilities in making a solvency determination. At the time of issuance of the notes, we did not obtain or prepare an appraisal of the fair saleable value of the assets of EFIH. As a result, we cannot assure you that EFIH would satisfy the solvency tests set forth in the bullet points immediately prior to this paragraph or what standard a court would apply in determining whether EFIH would be considered to be insolvent. In addition, we cannot assure you that a court would determine that reasonably equivalent value or fair consideration was received by EFIH in connection with the issuance of the notes and the grant of the pledge. The Issuer may not be able to repurchase the notes upon a change of control. Upon the occurrence of specific kinds of change of control events, the Issuer will be required to offer to repurchase all of the notes at 101% of their respective principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. The source of funds for any purchase of the notes will be the Issuer’s available cash or cash generated from the Issuer’s subsidiaries’ operations or other sources, including borrowings, sales of assets or sales of equity. The Issuer may not be able to repurchase the notes upon a change of control because the Issuer may not have sufficient financial resources to purchase all of the notes that are tendered upon a change of control. Further, EFIH may be restricted under the terms of debt agreements of TCEH and Oncor from receiving funds from TCEH (via EFH Corp.) and Oncor sufficient to repurchase all of the notes tendered by holders upon a change of control. Accordingly, the Issuer may not be able to satisfy its obligations to purchase the notes unless the Issuer is able to refinance or obtain waivers under the instruments governing its indebtedness. The Issuer’s failure to repurchase the notes upon a change of control would cause a default under the indenture governing the notes. Any of the Issuer’s future debt agreements may contain similar provisions. Your ability to transfer the notes may be limited by the absence of an active trading market, and there is no assurance that any active trading market will develop for the notes. Although the notes are listed on the New York Stock Exchange, there may, nonetheless, be limited liquidity in the trading market for the notes. The Market Maker has advised us that it and its affiliates intend to make a market in the notes, as permitted by applicable laws and regulations; however, neither the Market Maker nor any of its affiliates is obligated to make a market in the notes, and they may discontinue their market-making activities at any time without notice. In addition, it may be restricted in its market-making activities. The liquidity of any market for the notes will depend upon the number of holders of the notes, our performance, the market for similar securities, the interest in securities dealers making a market in the notes and other factors. Therefore, we cannot assure you that an active market for the notes will develop or, if developed, that it will continue. If an active market does not develop or is not maintained, the price and liquidity of the notes will be adversely affected. Historically, the market for non-investment-grade debt has been subject to disruptions that have caused substantial volatility in the prices of securities similar to the notes. We cannot assure you that the market, if any, for the notes will be free from similar disruptions or that any such disruptions may not adversely affect the prices at which you may sell your notes. In addition, the notes may trade at a discount from your purchase price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar notes, our performance and other factors. The interests of the Sponsor Group may differ from the interests of the holders of the notes. The Sponsor Group indirectly owns approximately 60% of EFH Corp.’s capital stock on a fully diluted basis through their investment in Texas Holdings. Affiliates of the Market Maker may be deemed, as a result of their ownership of approximately 27% of the General Partner’s outstanding units and certain provisions of the General Partner’s Limited Liability Company Agreement, to have shared voting or dispositive power over Texas Holdings. As a result of this ownership and the Sponsor Group’s ownership in interests of the general partner of Texas Holdings, the Sponsor Group has indirect control over decisions regarding our operations, plans, strategies, finances and structure, including whether to enter into any corporate transaction, and will have the ability to prevent any transaction that requires the approval of the holders of our equity interests. 17 Table of Contents The interests of these persons may differ from your interests in material respects. For example, if we encounter financial difficulties or are unable to pay our debts as they mature, the interests of the Sponsor Group, as indirect equity holders, might conflict with your interests as a noteholder. The Sponsor Group may also have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures, financings or other transactions that, in their judgment, could enhance their equity investments, even though such transactions might involve risks to you as a noteholder. Additionally, the indenture governing the notes permits us to pay advisory fees, dividends or make other restricted payments under certain circumstances, and the Sponsor Group may have an interest in our doing so. Risks Related to Structure EFIH is a holding company and its obligations are structurally subordinated to existing and future liabilities and preferred stock of its subsidiaries. EFIH’s cash flows and ability to meet its obligations are largely dependent upon the earnings of its subsidiaries, and the payment of such earnings to EFIH in the form of dividends and distributions. These subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation to provide EFIH with funds for its payment obligations. Any decision by a subsidiary to provide EFIH with funds for its payment obligations, whether by dividends or distributions, will depend on, among other things, the subsidiary’s results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. In addition, a subsidiary’s ability to pay dividends may be limited by covenants in its existing and future debt agreements or applicable law. Because EFIH is a holding company, its obligations to its creditors are structurally subordinated to all existing and future liabilities and existing and future preferred stock of its subsidiaries that do not guarantee such obligations. Therefore, with respect to EFIH’s subsidiaries (other than EFIH Finance) that do not guarantee EFIH’s obligations, EFIH’s rights and the rights of its creditors to participate in the assets of any subsidiary in the event that such a subsidiary is liquidated or reorganized are subject to the prior claims of such subsidiary’s creditors and holders of such subsidiary’s preferred stock. To the extent that EFIH may be a creditor with recognized claims against any such subsidiary, EFIH’s claims would still be subject to the prior claims of such subsidiary’s creditors to the extent that they are secured or senior to those held by EFIH. Subject to restrictions contained in financing arrangements, EFIH’s subsidiaries may incur additional indebtedness and other liabilities. Oncor may or may not make any distributions to EFIH. EFH Corp. and Oncor have implemented certain structural and operational “ring-fencing” measures based on principles articulated by rating agencies and commitments made by Texas Holdings and Oncor to the PUCT and the FERC to further enhance Oncor’s credit quality. These measures were put into place to mitigate Oncor’s credit exposure to the Texas Holdings Group and to reduce the risk that the assets and liabilities of Oncor would be substantively consolidated with the assets and liabilities of the Texas Holdings Group in the event of a bankruptcy of one or more of those entities. As part of the ring-fencing measures, a majority of the members of the board of directors of Oncor are required to be, and are, independent from EFH Corp. Any new independent directors of Oncor are required to be appointed by the nominating committee of Oncor Holdings. The organizational documents of Oncor give these independent directors, acting by majority vote, and, during certain periods, any director designated by Texas Transmission, the express right to prevent distributions from Oncor if they determine that it is in the best interests of Oncor to retain such amounts to meet expected future requirements. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that Oncor will make any distributions to EFIH. In addition, Oncor’s organizational documents limit Oncor’s distributions to EFIH through December 31, 2012 to an amount not to exceed Oncor’s net income (determined in accordance with GAAP, subject to certain defined adjustments, including goodwill impairments) and prohibit Oncor from making any distribution to EFIH so long as and to the extent that such distribution would cause Oncor’s debt-to-equity ratio for regulatory purposes to exceed the debt-to-equity ratio established from time to time by the PUCT for ratemaking purposes, which is currently set at 60% debt to 40% equity. 18 Table of Contents In March 2009, the PUCT awarded Oncor the right to construct approximately $1.3 billion of transmission lines and facilities associated with its Competitive Renewable Energy Zone Transmission Plan (see discussion in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Regulation and Rates” included in our 2009 Form 10-K). With the award, it is likely Oncor will incur additional debt. In addition, Oncor may incur additional debt in connection with other investments in infrastructure or technology. Accordingly, while Oncor is required to maintain a debt-to-equity ratio of 60% debt to 40% equity, there can be no assurance that Oncor’s equity balance will be sufficient to maintain the required debt-to-equity ratio established from time to time by the PUCT for ratemaking purposes, thereby restricting Oncor from making any distributions to EFIH. 19 Table of Contents FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus, including the information incorporated by reference into this prospectus, contains “forward-looking statements,” which involve risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, that are included in or incorporated by reference into this prospectus, or made in presentations, in response to questions or otherwise, that address activities, events or developments that we expect or anticipate to occur in the future, including such matters as projections, capital allocation, future capital expenditures, business strategy, competitive strengths, goals, future acquisitions or dispositions, development or operation of facilities, market and industry developments and the growth of our business and operations (often, but not always, through the use of words or phrases such as “will likely result,” “are expected to,” “will continue,” “is anticipated,” “estimated,” “should,” “projection,” “target,” “goal,” “objective” and “outlook”), are forward-looking statements. Although we believe that in making any such forward-looking statement our expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, any such forward-looking statement involves uncertainties and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the discussion of risk factors under “Risk Factors” contained elsewhere in this prospectus, “Item 1A, Risk Factors” of our 2009 Form 10-K, which is incorporated by reference into this prospectus, and the following important factors, among others, that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements: • prevailing governmental policies and regulatory actions, including those of the Texas Legislature, the Governor of Texas, the FERC, the PUCT, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality, with respect to, among other things: • allowed rate of return; • permitted capital structure; • industry, market and rate structure; • recovery of investments; • acquisitions and disposals of assets and facilities; • operation and construction of facilities; • changes in tax laws and policies; and • changes in and compliance with environmental and safety laws and policies; • legal and administrative proceedings and settlements; • weather conditions and other natural phenomena, and acts of sabotage, wars or terrorist activities; • economic conditions, including the current recessionary environment; • unanticipated population growth or decline, or changes in market demand and demographic patterns; • changes in business strategy, development plans or vendor relationships; • unanticipated changes in interest rates or rates of inflation; • unanticipated changes in operating expenses, liquidity needs and capital expenditures; • the inability of various counterparties to meet their financial obligations to us, including failure of counterparties to perform under agreements; • general industry trends; • hazards customary to the industry and the possibility that we may not have adequate insurance to cover losses resulting from such hazards; • changes in technology used by and services offered by us; 20 Table of Contents • significant changes in our relationship with our employees, including the availability of qualified personnel, and the potential adverse effects if labor disputes or grievances were to occur; • changes in assumptions used to estimate costs of providing employee benefits, including pension and other postretirement employee benefits, and future funding requirements related thereto; • significant changes in critical accounting policies material to us; • commercial bank and financial market conditions, access to capital, the cost of such capital, and the results of financing and refinancing efforts by us, including availability of funds in the capital markets and the potential impact of disruptions in U.S. credit markets; • circumstances that may contribute to future impairments of goodwill, intangible or other long lived assets; • financial restrictions imposed by Oncor’s revolving credit facility and indentures governing our debt instruments; • our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to make interest payments on our debt instruments; • actions by credit rating agencies; and • our ability to effectively execute our operational strategy. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and except as may be required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which it is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them; nor can we assess the impact of each such factor or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. You should not unduly rely on such forward-looking statements. INDUSTRY AND MARKET INFORMATION The industry and market data and other statistical information used throughout this prospectus are based on independent industry publications, government publications, reports by market research firms or other published independent sources, including certain data published by Electric Reliability Council of Texas or the PUCT. We did not commission any of these publications or reports. Some data is also based on our good faith estimates, which are derived from our review of internal surveys, as well as the independent sources listed above. Independent industry publications and surveys generally state that they have obtained information from sources believed to be reliable but do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of such information. While we believe that each of these studies and publications is reliable, we have not independently verified such data and make no representation as to the accuracy of such information. Forecasts are particularly likely to be inaccurate, especially over long periods of time, and we do not know what assumptions regarding general economic growth are used in preparing the forecasts included in this prospectus. Similarly, while we believe that such internal and external research is reliable, it has not been verified by any independent sources, and we make no assurances that the predictions contained therein are accurate. USE OF PROCEEDS This prospectus may be delivered in connection with the resale of notes by the Market Maker and its affiliates in market-making transactions in the notes in the secondary market. We will not receive any of the proceeds from such resales. 21 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES General Certain terms used in this description are defined under the subheading “Certain Definitions.” In this description, (i) the terms “ w e,” “ our ” and “ us ” each refer to Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC (“ EFIH ”) and its consolidated Subsidiaries; and (ii) the term “ Issuer ” refers only to collectively, EFIH and EFIH Finance Inc. (“ EFIH Finance ”), a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of EFIH, and not to any of EFIH’s other Subsidiaries. The Issuer issued $141,083,000 aggregate principal amount of 9.75% Senior Secured Notes due 2019 (the “ Notes ”) under an Indenture dated as of November 16, 2009 (the “ Indenture ”) between the Issuer and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the “ Trustee ”), in the Exchange Offer. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act. Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC (“ Oncor Electric Delivery ”) has undertaken certain ring-fencing measures to separate itself, its subsidiaries and its immediate parent, Oncor Electric Delivery Holdings Company LLC (“ Oncor Holdings ”), from Energy Future Holdings Corp. (“ EFH Corp. ”) and EFH Corp.’s other Affiliates, including the Issuer. Those measures include the Oncor Subsidiaries being treated as “Unrestricted Subsidiaries” with respect to the Notes and with respect to the 2017 Notes, the EFH Corp. Notes and the 10.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2020 issued on January 12, 2010 and March 16, 2010 (the “ 2020 Notes ”), in each case, issued by EFH Corp. and guaranteed by EFIH and Energy Future Competitive Holdings Company (“ EFCH ”). As Unrestricted Subsidiaries, the Oncor Subsidiaries are not subject to any of the covenants described herein and do not guarantee the Notes. The Holders of the Notes, by accepting the Notes, acknowledge (i) the legal separateness of the Issuer from the Oncor Subsidiaries, (ii) that the lenders under the Oncor Electric Delivery Facility and the noteholders under Oncor’s existing debt instruments have likely advanced funds thereunder in reliance upon the separateness of the Oncor Subsidiaries from the Issuer, (iii) that the Oncor Subsidiaries have assets and liabilities that are separate from those of the Issuer and its other Subsidiaries, (iv) that the obligations owing under the Notes are obligations and liabilities of the Issuer only, and are not the obligations or liabilities of any Oncor Subsidiary, (v) that the Holders of the Notes shall look solely to the Issuer and its assets, and not to any assets, or to the pledge of any assets, owned by any Oncor Subsidiary, for the repayment of any amounts payable pursuant to the Notes and for satisfaction of any other obligations owing to the Holders under the Indenture and any related documents and (vi) that none of the Oncor Subsidiaries shall be personally liable to the Holders of the Notes for any amounts payable, or any other obligation, under the Indenture or any related documents. The Holders of the Notes, by accepting the Notes, acknowledge and agree that the Holders of the Notes will not (i) initiate any legal proceeding to procure the appointment of an administrative receiver or (ii) institute any bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, winding up, liquidation, or any like proceeding under applicable law, against any Oncor Subsidiary, or against any of the Oncor Subsidiaries’ assets. The Holders further acknowledge and agree that each of the Oncor Subsidiaries is a third party beneficiary of the forgoing covenant and will have the right to specifically enforce such covenant in any proceeding at law or in equity. The foregoing acknowledgements and agreements are contained in the Indenture. The following description is only a summary of the material provisions of the Indenture and the Security Documents, does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the provisions of the Indenture and the Security Documents, including the definitions therein of certain terms used below. We urge you to read the Indenture and the Security Documents because they, and not this description, define your rights as Holders of the Notes. You may request copies of the Indenture and the Security Documents at our address set forth under the heading “Incorporation by Reference.” No Restricted Subsidiaries The Issuer does not have any Restricted Subsidiaries as of the date of this prospectus. As of the date of this prospectus, the only Subsidiaries of EFIH consist of the Oncor Subsidiaries, which are Unrestricted Subsidiaries, and EFH Finance, which does not have any Subsidiaries. Accordingly, none of EFIH’s Subsidiaries (other than EFIH Finance) are subject to the restrictive covenants described herein and none of such Subsidiaries guarantee the Notes. 22 Table of Contents Brief Description of Notes The Notes: • are senior obligations of the Issuer and rank equally in right of payment with all existing and future Senior Indebtedness of the Issuer (including EFIH’s guarantees of certain of EFH Corp.’s Indebtedness, including the 2017 Notes, the EFH Corp. Notes and the 2020 Notes); • are secured by the pledge of any investments EFIH owns in any Oncor Subsidiary (as described below under “—Security for the Notes”), which on the date of this prospectus consist of all of the membership interests EFIH owns in Oncor Holdings; • are effectively senior to all unsecured Indebtedness of EFIH and any future Junior Lien Debt, to the extent of the value of the Collateral; • are effectively subordinated to any Indebtedness of EFIH secured by assets of EFIH other than the Collateral, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such Indebtedness; • are structurally subordinated to all Indebtedness and other liabilities of the Subsidiaries of EFIH (other than EFIH Finance), including the Oncor Subsidiaries, any of the Issuer’s Foreign Subsidiaries and any other Unrestricted Subsidiaries; and • are senior in right of payment to any future Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Notes and Our Substantial Indebtedness—If a court were to find that EFIH were insolvent before or after giving effect to the issuance of the notes in the exchange offers and did not receive reasonably equivalent value or fair consideration for the issuance of the notes or the pledge of the Collateral, the court may void all or a portion of the obligations represented by the notes or the pledge of the Collateral by EFIH as a fraudulent conveyance.” Holding Company Structure EFIH is a holding company for its Subsidiaries, including EFIH Finance, with no material operations of its own and only limited assets. Accordingly, EFIH is dependent upon the distribution of the earnings of its Subsidiaries, whether in the form of dividends, advances or payments on account of intercompany obligations, and investments into EFIH by its parent company, EFH Corp., to service its debt obligations. EFH Corp. is itself a holding company, and is primarily dependent upon the distribution of the earnings of its other Subsidiaries (including TCEH and its Subsidiaries), whether in the form of dividends, advances or payments on account of intercompany obligations, and investments into EFH Corp. by its parent company, Texas Energy Future Holdings Limited Partnership, to make such Investments in EFIH. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Structure—EFIH is a holding company and its obligations are structurally subordinated to existing and future liabilities and preferred stock of its subsidiaries.” As of the date of this prospectus, the Notes are not guaranteed. Therefore, the Notes are structurally subordinated to all Indebtedness and other liabilities of all the Subsidiaries of EFIH (other than EFIH Finance). In the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization of any of the non-guarantor Subsidiaries, the non-guarantor Subsidiaries will pay the holders of their debt and their trade creditors before they will be able to distribute any of their assets to EFIH. For the year ended December 31, 2009, the non-guarantor Subsidiaries generated all of the Issuer’s consolidated total revenue. In addition, as of December 31, 2009, the non-guarantor Subsidiaries held more than 99% of the Issuer’s consolidated total assets. 23 Table of Contents Paying Agent and Registrar for the Notes The Issuer will maintain one or more paying agents for the Notes. The initial paying agent for the Notes is the Trustee at its offices in Houston, Texas. The Issuer will also maintain a registrar. The initial registrar is the Trustee at its offices in Houston, Texas. The registrar will maintain a register reflecting ownership of the Notes outstanding from time to time and will make payments on and facilitate transfer of Notes on behalf of the Issuer. The Issuer may change the paying agents or the registrars without prior notice to the Holders. The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may act as a paying agent or registrar. Transfer and Exchange A Holder may transfer or exchange Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The registrar and the Trustee may require a Holder to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents in connection with a transfer of Notes. Holders will be required to pay all taxes due on transfer. The Issuer will not be required to transfer or exchange any Note selected for redemption. Also, the Issuer will not be required to transfer or exchange any Note for a period of 15 days before a selection of Notes to be redeemed. Principal, Maturity and Interest The Issuer issued $141.1 million in aggregate principal amount of Notes on the Issue Date in the Exchange Offer. The Notes will mature on October 15, 2019. Subject to compliance with the covenants described under “—Certain Covenants—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock” and “—Certain Covenants—Liens,” the Issuer may issue additional Notes from time to time after the Issue Date under the Indenture (any such Notes, “ Additional Notes ”). The Notes and any Additional Notes subsequently issued under the Indenture will be treated as a single class for all purposes under the Indenture, including waivers, amendments, redemptions and offers to purchase. Unless the context requires otherwise, references to “Notes” for all purposes of the Indenture and this “Description of the Notes” section include any Additional Notes that are actually issued. Interest on the Notes will accrue at the rate of 9.75% per annum and will be payable semi-annually in arrears on each April 15 and October 15, commencing on April 15, 2010, to the Holders of record on the immediately preceding April 1 and October 1. Interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or, if no interest has been paid, from and including the Issue Date. Interest on the Notes will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months. Principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes will be payable at the office or agency of the Issuer maintained for such purpose within the City of Houston and State of Texas or, at the option of the Issuer, payment of interest may be made by check mailed to the Holders of the Notes at their respective addresses set forth in the register of Holders; provided that all payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest with respect to the Notes represented by one or more global notes registered in the name of or held by DTC or its nominee will be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the accounts specified by the Holder or Holders thereof. Until otherwise designated by the Issuer, the Issuer’s office or agency in Houston, Texas will be the office of the Trustee maintained for such purpose. Mandatory Redemption; Offers to Purchase; Open Market Purchases The Issuer will not be required to make any mandatory redemption or sinking fund payments with respect to the Notes. However, under certain circumstances, the Issuer may be required to offer to purchase Notes as described under “—Repurchase at the Option of Holders.” The Issuer may at any time and from time to time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise. 24 Table of Contents Optional Redemption Except as set forth below, the Issuer will not be entitled to redeem Notes at its option prior to October 15, 2014. At any time prior to October 15, 2014, the Issuer may redeem all or a part of the Notes, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ prior notice mailed by first-class mail to the registered address of each Holder of Notes or otherwise in accordance with the procedures of DTC, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes redeemed plus the Applicable Premium as of, and accrued and unpaid interest to, the date of redemption (the “Redemption Date”), subject to the rights of Holders of Notes on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date. On and after October 15, 2014, the Issuer may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ prior notice mailed by first-class mail to the registered address of each Holder of Notes or otherwise in accordance with the procedures of DTC, at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed) set forth below, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the applicable Redemption Date, subject to the right of Holders of Notes of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date, if redeemed during the twelve-month period beginning on October 15 of each of the years indicated below: Year Percentage 2014 104.875 % 2015 103.250 % 2016 101.625 % 2017 and thereafter 100.000 % In addition, until October 15, 2012, the Issuer may, at its option, on one or more occasions redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes at a redemption price equal to 109.750% of the aggregate principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the applicable Redemption Date, subject to the right of Holders of Notes of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date, with the net cash proceeds of one or more Equity Offerings; provided that at least 50% of the sum of the original aggregate principal amount of Notes issued under the Indenture and the original principal amount of any Additional Notes issued under the Indenture after the Issue Date remains outstanding immediately after the occurrence of each such redemption; and provided , further that each such redemption occurs within 90 days of the date of closing of each such Equity Offering. Any notice of any redemption may be given prior to the redemption thereof, and any such redemption or notice may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, including, but not limited to, completion of an Equity Offering or other corporate transaction. If the Issuer redeems less than all of the outstanding Notes, the Trustee shall select the Notes to be redeemed in the manner described under “—Repurchase at the Option of Holders—Selection and Notice.” Security for the Notes Collateral Trustee EFIH has appointed The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. to serve as the collateral trustee (the “ Collateral Trustee ”) for the benefit of the holders of the Secured Debt Obligations outstanding from time to time. 25 Table of Contents The Security Documents provide that the Collateral Trustee is subject to such directions as may be given it by the Trustee and by any other Parity Lien Debt Representatives from time to time as required or permitted by the Indenture and the other Parity Lien Debt Documents. The relative rights with respect to control of the Collateral Trustee are specified in the collateral trust agreement dated as of November 16, 2009 by and among EFIH, the trustees for the Notes and the EFH Corp. Notes, any other Parity Lien Debt Representatives (including the trustee for the 2020 Notes, which entered into joinders to such collateral trust agreement on January 12, 2010 and March 16, 2010), any Junior Lien Debt Representatives and the Collateral Trustee (the “ Collateral Trust Agreement ”). Except as provided in the Collateral Trust Agreement or as directed by an Act of Required Debtholders, the Collateral Trustee will not be obligated: (1) to act upon directions purported to be delivered to it by any other Person; (2) to foreclose upon or otherwise enforce any Lien; or (3) to take any other action whatsoever with regard to any or all of the Security Documents, the Liens created thereby or the Collateral. Collateral The Indenture and the Security Documents provide that all Note Obligations of EFIH, together with any other Parity Lien Debt (which on the date of this prospectus includes the EFH Corp. Notes and the 2020 Notes), are secured on an equal and ratable basis by first-priority security interests granted to the Collateral Trustee, in all of the following property of EFIH: (1) any Equity Interests it owns on the date of this prospectus or may hereafter acquire in any Oncor Subsidiary and any promissory notes or other Indebtedness owed by, or other Investments in, any Oncor Subsidiary that it owns on the date of this prospectus or may hereafter acquire; (2) all proceeds of, income and other payments (including, without limitation, dividends and distributions received) now or hereafter due and payable with respect to, and supporting obligations relating to, any and all of the foregoing, which, in the case of cash dividends and distributions received by EFIH from Oncor Holdings may be used by EFIH for any purpose not prohibited by the Indenture so long as no Event of Default and no event of default under any other Parity Lien Debt, including the EFH Corp. Notes and the 2020 Notes, shall have occurred and be continuing; and (3) any Asset Sale Cash Collateral Account established pursuant to the Indenture, the EFH Corp. Notes Indenture or the indenture pursuant to which the 2020 Notes were issued. On the date of this prospectus, the Collateral consists of a pledge of all of the membership interests EFIH owns in Oncor Holdings. Oncor Holdings owns approximately 80% of Oncor Electric Delivery’s outstanding membership interests. On November 16, 2009, EFIH and the Collateral Trustee entered into a pledge agreement (the “ Pledge Agreement ”), whereby the Collateral was pledged in favor of the Collateral Trustee for the benefit of the Collateral Trustee, the trustees for the Notes and the EFH Corp. Notes and the holders of the Notes and the EFH Corp. Notes and the holders of any other Secured Debt Obligations issued in accordance with the Indenture and the EFH Corp. Notes Indenture (including the 2020 Notes). The Collateral does not consist of any assets of any Oncor Subsidiary. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Notes and Our Substantial Indebtedness—The notes are secured only to the extent of the value of the assets that have been granted as security for the notes”; “— Regulatory approvals may be required in order to enforce the security interests in the Collateral and to dispose of an interest in, or operational control of, the Collateral that secures the notes”; “—In the event of the Issuer’s bankruptcy, the ability of the holders of the notes to realize upon the Collateral securing the notes will be subject to certain bankruptcy law limitations”; and “—The value of the Collateral may be diluted if we issue additional debt that is secured equally and ratably by the same Collateral securing the notes or if the Collateral is sold.” No appraisal of the value of the Collateral has been made in connection with the issuance of the Notes and the value of the Collateral in the event of liquidation will depend on many factors. Consequently, liquidating the Collateral may not produce proceeds in an amount sufficient to pay any amounts due on the Secured Debt Obligations, including the Notes. 26 Table of Contents The fair market value of the Collateral is subject to fluctuations based on factors that include, among others, the ability to sell the Collateral in an orderly sale, general economic conditions, the availability of buyers and similar factors. The amount to be received upon a sale of the Collateral would be dependent on numerous factors, including but not limited to the actual fair market value of the Collateral at such time and the timing and the manner of the sale. By its nature, the Collateral may be illiquid and may have no readily ascertainable market value. In the event of a foreclosure, liquidation, bankruptcy or similar proceeding, we cannot assure you that the proceeds from any sale or liquidation of the Collateral will be sufficient to pay the Parity Lien Obligations, including the Note Obligations. Any claim for the difference between the amount, if any, realized by Holders of the Notes from the sale of Collateral securing the Secured Debt Obligations will rank equally in right of payment with all of our other unsecured unsubordinated Indebtedness and other obligations, including trade payables. So long as no Event of Default and no event of default under any other Parity Lien Debt, including the EFH Corp. Notes and the 2020 Notes, shall have occurred and be continuing, and subject to certain terms and conditions, EFIH will be entitled to exercise any voting and other consensual rights pertaining to the Collateral (other than as set forth in the Pledge Agreement and the other Security Documents). The Pledge Agreement requires EFIH to deliver to the Collateral Trustee, for the Collateral Trustee to maintain in its possession, certificates, if any, evidencing the Collateral. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default under the Notes, to the extent permitted by law and subject to the provisions of the Pledge Agreement, all of the rights of EFIH to exercise voting or other consensual rights with respect to the Collateral will cease, and all such rights will become vested in the Collateral Trustee, which, to the extent permitted by law, will have the sole right to exercise such voting and other consensual rights. Certain bankruptcy limitations The right of the Collateral Trustee to repossess and dispose of the Collateral upon the occurrence of an Event of Default would be significantly impaired by applicable bankruptcy law in the event that a bankruptcy case were to be commenced by or against EFIH prior to the Collateral Trustee having repossessed and disposed of the Collateral. Upon the commencement of a case for relief under Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended (the “ Bankruptcy Code ”), a secured creditor such as the Collateral Trustee is prohibited from repossessing its security from a debtor in a bankruptcy case, or from disposing of security repossessed from the debtor, without bankruptcy court approval. In view of the broad equitable powers of a U.S. bankruptcy court, it is impossible to predict how long payments under the Notes could be delayed following commencement of a bankruptcy case, whether or when the Collateral Trustee could repossess or dispose of the Collateral, the value of the Collateral at the time of the bankruptcy petition or whether or to what extent Holders of the Notes would be compensated for any delay in payment or loss of value of the Collateral. The Bankruptcy Code permits only the payment and/or accrual of post-petition interest, costs and attorneys’ fees to a secured creditor during a debtor’s bankruptcy case to the extent the value of the Collateral is determined by the bankruptcy court to exceed the aggregate outstanding principal amount at maturity of the obligations secured by the Collateral. There can be no assurance that the value of the Collateral will exceed the outstanding principal amount of the Notes and the other Parity Lien Debt Obligations, including the EFH Corp. Notes and the 2020 Notes. Furthermore, in the event a bankruptcy court determines that the value of the Collateral is not sufficient to repay all amounts due on the Notes and the other Parity Lien Debt Obligations, including the EFH Corp. Notes and the 2020 Notes, the Holders of the Notes and the holders of the other Parity Lien Debt would hold secured claims to the extent of the value of the Collateral to which the Holders of the Notes and the holders of the other Parity Lien Debt are entitled, and unsecured claims with respect to any such shortfall. 27 Table of Contents Additional Parity Lien Debt On the Issue Date, $115.5 million of EFH Corp. Notes were issued in the Exchange Offer by EFH Corp. and guaranteed by EFIH and EFCH, and on January 12, 2010 and March 16, 2010, $500 million and $34 million, respectively, of 2020 Notes were issued by EFH Corp. and guaranteed by EFIH and EFCH. All of the EFH Corp. Notes and the 2020 Notes are secured by the Collateral on an equal and ratable basis with the Notes and constitute Parity Lien Debt. The Indenture and the Security Documents provide that the Issuer may incur additional Parity Lien Debt as permitted by the covenants described under “—Certain Covenants—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock” and “—Certain Covenants—Liens,” by issuing Additional Notes under the Indenture or under one or more additional indentures or incurring other Indebtedness secured by Parity Liens on the Collateral. All additional Parity Lien Debt will be secured equally and ratably with the Notes by Liens on the Collateral held by the Collateral Trustee for as long as EFIH’s Note Obligations are secured by the Collateral. The Collateral Trustee under the Collateral Trust Agreement will hold all Parity Liens in trust for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes, the EFH Corp. Notes, the 2020 Notes and the holders of any future Parity Lien Debt and all other Parity Lien Obligations. Additional Parity Lien Debt will be permitted to be secured by the Collateral only if such Parity Lien Debt and the related Parity Liens are permitted to be incurred under the covenants described under “—Certain Covenants—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock” and “—Certain Covenants—Liens.” The agent or representative of any Parity Lien Debt will become a party to the Security Documents by joinder agreement. Future Junior Lien Debt The Indenture and the Security Documents provide that EFIH may incur Junior Lien Debt in the future by issuing or guaranteeing debt securities under one or more indentures, incurring Indebtedness under Credit Facilities or otherwise issuing or increasing a new Series of Secured Lien Debt secured by Junior Liens on the Collateral. Junior Lien Debt will be permitted to be secured by the Collateral only if such Junior Lien Debt and the related Junior Liens are permitted to be incurred under the covenants described under “—Certain Covenants—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock” and “—Certain Covenants—Liens.” The Collateral Trustee under the Collateral Trust Agreement will hold all Junior Liens in trust for the benefit of the holders of any Junior Lien Debt and all other Junior Lien Obligations. The agent or representative of any Junior Lien Obligations shall become a party to the Collateral Trust Agreement by joinder agreement. Enforcement of Liens If the Collateral Trustee at any time receives written notice stating that any event has occurred that constitutes a default under any Secured Debt Document entitling the Collateral Trustee to foreclose upon, collect or otherwise enforce its Liens thereunder, it will promptly deliver written notice thereof to each Secured Debt Representative. Thereafter, the Collateral Trustee will await direction by an Act of Required Debtholders and will act, or decline to act, as directed by an Act of Required Debtholders, in the exercise and enforcement of the Collateral Trustee’s interests, rights, powers and remedies in respect of the Collateral or under the Security Documents or applicable law and, following the initiation of such exercise of remedies, the Collateral Trustee will act, or decline to act, with respect to the manner of such exercise of remedies as directed by an Act of Required Debtholders. Unless it has been directed to the contrary by an Act of Required Debtholders, the Collateral Trustee in any event may (but will not be obligated to) take or refrain from taking such action with respect to any default under any Secured Debt Document as it may deem advisable to preserve and protect the value of the Collateral. Until the Discharge of Parity Lien Obligations, the Holders of the Notes and the holders of other Parity Lien Obligations will have, subject to the exceptions set forth below in clauses (1) through (4), the exclusive right to authorize and direct the Collateral Trustee with respect to the Security Documents and the Collateral (including, without limitation, the exclusive right to authorize or direct the Collateral Trustee to enforce, collect or realize on any Collateral or exercise any other right or remedy with respect to the Collateral) and neither the provisions of the Security Documents relating thereto (other than in accordance with the Collateral Trust Agreement) nor any Junior Lien Representative or holder of Junior Lien Obligations, if any, may authorize or direct the Collateral Trustee with respect to such matters. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the holders of Junior Lien Obligations may direct the Collateral Trustee with respect to such matters: (1) without any condition or restriction whatsoever, at any time after the Discharge of Parity Lien Obligations; (2) to deliver any notice or demand necessary to enforce (subject to the prior Discharge of Parity Lien Obligations) any right to claim, take or receive proceeds of Collateral remaining after the Discharge of Parity Lien Obligations; 28 Table of Contents (3) as necessary to perfect or establish the priority (subject to Parity Liens) of the Junior Liens upon any Collateral; provided that, unless otherwise agreed to by the Collateral Trustee in the Security Documents, the holders of Junior Lien Obligations may not require the Collateral Trustee to take any action to perfect any Collateral through possession or control (other than the Collateral Trustee as agent for the benefit of the Parity Lien Representative and holders of the Parity Lien Obligations agreeing pursuant to the Collateral Trust Agreement to act as bailee for the Collateral Trustee as agent for the benefit of the Junior Lien Representatives and holders of the Junior Lien Obligations); or (4) as necessary to create, prove, preserve or protect (but not enforce) the Junior Liens upon any Collateral. Both before and during an insolvency or liquidation proceeding until the Discharge of Parity Lien Obligations, none of the holders of Junior Lien Obligations, the Collateral Trustee (unless acting pursuant to an Act of Required Debtholders) or any Junior Lien Representative will be permitted to: (1) request judicial relief, in an insolvency or liquidation proceeding or in any other court, that would hinder, delay, limit or prohibit the lawful exercise or enforcement of any right or remedy otherwise available to the holders of Parity Lien Obligations in respect of the Parity Liens or that would limit, invalidate, avoid or set aside any Parity Lien or subordinate the Parity Liens to the Junior Liens or grant the Junior Liens equal ranking to the Parity Liens; (2) oppose or otherwise contest any motion for (A) relief from the automatic stay or (B) any injunction against foreclosure or (C) any enforcement of Parity Liens, in each case made by any holder of Parity Lien Obligations or any Parity Lien Representative in any insolvency or liquidation proceeding; (3) oppose or otherwise contest any lawful exercise by any holder of Parity Lien Obligations or any Parity Lien Representative of the right to credit bid Parity Lien Obligations at any sale of Collateral in the foreclosure of Parity Liens; (4) oppose or otherwise contest any other request for judicial relief made in any court by any holder of Parity Lien Obligations or any Parity Lien Representative relating to the lawful enforcement of any Parity Lien; or (5) challenge the validity, enforceability, perfection or priority of the Parity Liens with respect to the Collateral. Notwithstanding the foregoing, both before and during an insolvency or liquidation proceeding, the holders of Junior Lien Obligations or Junior Lien Representatives may take any actions and exercise any and all rights that would be available to a holder of unsecured claims, including, without limitation, the commencement of an insolvency or liquidation proceeding against EFIH in accordance with applicable law; provided the Collateral Trust Agreement provides that no holder of Junior Lien Obligations or Junior Lien Representative will be permitted to take any of the actions prohibited by clauses (1) through (5) of the preceding paragraph or oppose or contest any order that it has agreed not to oppose or contest under the provisions described under “—Insolvency or Liquidation Proceedings.” At any time prior to the Discharge of Parity Lien Obligations and after (1) the commencement of any insolvency or liquidation proceeding in respect of EFIH or (2) the Collateral Trustee and each Junior Lien Representative have received written notice from any Parity Lien Representative stating that (A) any Series of Parity Lien Debt has become due and payable in full (whether at maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise) or (B) the holders of Parity Liens securing one or more Series of Parity Lien Debt have become entitled under any Parity Lien Document to and desire to enforce any or all of the Parity Liens by reason of a default under such Parity Lien Documents, no payment of money (or the equivalent of money) will be made from the proceeds of Collateral by EFIH to the Collateral Trustee (other than distributions to the Collateral Trustee in respect of its fees under the Collateral Trust Agreement and for the benefit of the holders of Parity Lien Obligations), any Junior Lien Representative or any holder of Junior Lien Obligations (including, without limitation, payments and prepayments made for application to Junior Lien Obligations). 29 Table of Contents All proceeds of Collateral received by any Junior Lien Representative or any holder of Junior Lien Obligations in violation of the immediately preceding paragraph will be held by such Person in trust for the account of the holders of Parity Lien Obligations and remitted to any Parity Lien Representative upon demand by such Parity Lien Representative. The Junior Liens will remain attached to and, subject to the provisions described under “—Provisions of the Indenture Relating to Security—Ranking of Parity Liens,” enforceable against all proceeds so held or remitted. All proceeds of Collateral received by any Junior Lien Representative or any holder of Junior Lien Obligations not in violation of the immediately preceding paragraph will be received by such Person free from the Parity Liens. Pursuant to the Public Utility Regulatory Act (“ PURA ”), Texas Utilities Code §§39.262(l) and 39.915 and, through October 10, 2012, to the Order on Rehearing in Public Utility Commission of Texas (“ PUCT ”) Docket No. 34077, the PUCT must approve any change in majority ownership, controlling ownership or operational control of Oncor Electric Delivery. As a result, prior to any foreclosure on the Collateral consisting of membership interests in Oncor Holdings, approval of the PUCT will be required if such foreclosure consists of a change in majority ownership or control of Oncor Holdings. Pursuant to PURA §§39.262(m) and 39.915(b), the PUCT will approve such a transfer if it finds that the transaction is in the public interest. In making its determination, these sections of PURA provide that the PUCT will consider whether the transaction will adversely affect the reliability of service, availability of service or cost of service of Oncor Electric Delivery. We cannot assure you that such approval will be granted and, if it is not granted, the Collateral Trustee may not be able to liquidate the Collateral consisting of membership interests and, accordingly, the Collateral Trustee may not be able to distribute any proceeds to Holders of the Notes upon such foreclosure. If the approval is granted, then PUCT approval would also be required with respect to any subsequent disposition of a majority or controlling interest in the membership interests of Oncor Holdings. In addition, pursuant to the terms of an investor rights agreement among EFH Corp., Oncor Holdings, Oncor Electric Delivery and the minority investor in Oncor Electric Delivery, a transfer of the Equity Interests in Oncor Holdings to a third party, including as a result of any enforcement of the Lien on the Collateral consisting of Equity Interests of Oncor Holdings or Oncor Electric Delivery, may give rise to a tag-along right of the minority investor(s) in Oncor Electric Delivery to participate in that transfer on a pro rata basis. Waiver of Right of Marshalling The Collateral Trust Agreement provides that, prior to the Discharge of Parity Lien Obligations, the holders of Junior Lien Obligations, each Junior Lien Representative and the Collateral Trustee may not assert or enforce any right of marshalling accorded to a junior lienholder, as against the holders of Parity Lien Obligations and the Parity Lien Representatives (in their capacity as senior or priority lienholders) with respect to the Collateral. Following the Discharge of Parity Lien Obligations, the holders of Junior Lien Obligations and any Junior Lien Representative may assert their right under the Uniform Commercial Code or otherwise to any proceeds remaining following a sale or other disposition of Collateral by, or on behalf of, the holders of Parity Lien Obligations. Insolvency or Liquidation Proceedings If in any insolvency or liquidation proceeding and prior to the Discharge of Parity Lien Obligations, the holders of Parity Lien Obligations by an Act of Required Debtholders consent to any order: (1) for use of cash collateral; (2) approving a debtor-in-possession financing secured by a Lien that is senior to or on a parity with all Parity Liens upon any property of the estate in such insolvency or liquidation proceeding; (3) granting any relief on account of Parity Lien Obligations as adequate protection (or its equivalent) for the benefit of the holders of Parity Lien Obligations in the Collateral; or 30 Table of Contents (4) relating to a sale of assets of EFIH that provides, to the extent the Collateral sold is to be free and clear of Liens, that all Parity Liens and Junior Liens will attach to the proceeds of the sale; then, the holders of Junior Lien Obligations and the Junior Lien Representatives will not oppose or otherwise contest the entry of such order; provided , that the holders of Junior Lien Obligations or a Junior Lien Representative may request the grant to the Collateral Trustee, for the benefit of the holders of Junior Lien Obligations and the Junior Lien Representatives, of a Junior Lien upon any property on which a Lien is (or is to be) granted under such order to secure the Parity Lien Obligations, co-extensive in all respects with, but subordinated, as provided in the provisions described under “—Provisions of the Indenture Relating to Security—Ranking of Parity Liens,” to, such Lien and all Parity Liens on such property. The holders of Parity Lien Obligations (including the Holders of the Notes) and the Parity Lien Representatives (including the Trustee) will agree not to oppose or otherwise contest in any respect any request made by the Junior Lien Representatives for a Junior Lien pursuant to the proviso to the preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the foregoing, both before and during an insolvency or liquidation proceeding, the holders of Junior Lien Obligations and the Junior Lien Representatives may take any actions and exercise any and all rights that would be available to a holder of unsecured claims, including, without limitation, the commencement of insolvency or liquidation proceedings against EFIH in accordance with applicable law; provided that the Collateral Trust Agreement provides that no holder of Junior Lien Obligations or Junior Lien Representative will be permitted to take any of the actions prohibited under the third and fourth paragraphs of the provisions described under “—Enforcement of Liens,” or oppose or contest any order that it has agreed not to oppose or contest under clauses (1) through (4) of the preceding paragraph. Neither the holders of Junior Lien Obligations nor any Junior Lien Representative will file or prosecute in any insolvency or liquidation proceeding any motion for adequate protection (or any comparable request for relief) based upon their interest in the Collateral under the Junior Liens, except that: (1) they may freely seek and obtain relief granting a Junior Lien co-extensive in all respects with, but subordinated, as provided in the provisions described under “—Provisions of the Indenture Relating to Security—Ranking of Parity Liens,” to, all Liens granted in such insolvency or liquidation proceeding to, or for the benefit of, the holders of Parity Lien Obligations; and (2) they may freely seek and obtain any relief upon a motion for adequate protection (or any comparable relief), without any condition or restriction whatsoever, at any time after the Discharge of Parity Lien Obligations. Order of Application The Collateral Trust Agreement provides that if any Collateral is sold or otherwise realized upon by the Collateral Trustee in connection with any foreclosure, collection or other enforcement of Liens granted to the Collateral Trustee in the Security Documents, the proceeds received by the Collateral Trustee from such foreclosure, collection or other enforcement will be distributed by the Collateral Trustee in the following order of application: FIRST, to the payment of all amounts payable under the Collateral Trust Agreement on account of the Collateral Trustee’s fees and any reasonable legal fees, costs and expenses or other liabilities of any kind incurred by the Collateral Trustee or any co-trustee or agent of the Collateral Trustee in connection with any Security Document; SECOND, ratably to the respective Parity Lien Representatives for application, after payment of any fees and expenses (including but not limited to, attorney’s fees and expenses) of such Parity Lien Representative, to the payment of all outstanding Notes and other Parity Lien Debt and any other Parity Lien Obligations that are then due and payable in such order as may be provided in the relevant Parity Lien Documents in an amount sufficient to pay in full in cash all outstanding Notes and other Parity Lien Debt and all other Parity Lien Obligations that are then due and payable (including all interest accrued thereon after the commencement of any insolvency or liquidation proceeding at the rate, including any applicable post-default rate, specified in the relevant Parity Lien Documents, even if such interest is not enforceable, allowable or allowed as a claim in such proceeding, and including the discharge or cash collateralization (at the lower of (1) 105% of the aggregate undrawn amount and (2) the percentage of the aggregate undrawn amount required for release of Liens under the terms of the applicable Parity Lien Document) of all outstanding letters of credit constituting Parity Lien Debt); 31 Table of Contents THIRD, to the respective Junior Lien Representatives for application to the payment of all outstanding Junior Lien Debt and any other Junior Lien Obligations that are then due and payable in such order as may be provided in the Junior Lien Documents in an amount sufficient to pay in full in cash all outstanding Junior Lien Debt and all other Junior Lien Obligations that are then due and payable (including all interest accrued thereon after the commencement of any insolvency or liquidation proceeding at the rate, including any applicable post-default rate, specified in the Junior Lien Documents, even if such interest is not enforceable, allowable or allowed as a claim in such proceeding, and including the discharge or cash collateralization (at the lower of (1) 105% of the aggregate undrawn amount and (2) the percentage of the aggregate undrawn amount required for release of Liens under the terms of the applicable Junior Lien Document) of all outstanding letters of credit, if any, constituting Junior Lien Debt); and FOURTH, any surplus remaining after the payment in full in cash of the amounts described in the preceding clauses will be paid to EFIH, or its successors or assigns, or as a court of competent jurisdiction may direct. If any Junior Lien Representative or any holder of a Junior Lien Obligation collects or receives any proceeds in respect of any foreclosure, collection or other enforcement to which it was not entitled pursuant to the terms of the immediately preceding paragraphs, whether after the commencement of an insolvency or liquidation proceeding or otherwise, such Junior Lien Representative or such holder of a Junior Lien Obligation, as the case may be, will forthwith deliver the same to the Collateral Trustee to be applied in accordance with the provisions set forth in the immediately preceding paragraphs. Until so delivered, such proceeds will be held by that Junior Lien Representative or that holder of a Junior Lien Obligation, as the case may be, in trust for the benefit of the holders of the Parity Lien Obligations. These provisions will not apply to payments received by any holder of Junior Lien Obligations if such payments are not proceeds of, or the result of a realization upon, Collateral. The provisions set forth above under this “Order of Application” caption are intended for the benefit of, and will be enforceable as a third party beneficiary by, each present and future holder of Secured Debt Obligations, each present and future Secured Debt Representative and the Collateral Trustee as holder of Parity Liens and Junior Liens. EFIH will be required to cause the Secured Debt Representative of each future Series of Secured Lien Debt to deliver a joinder to the Collateral Trust Agreement, including a Lien Sharing and Priority Confirmation, to the Collateral Trustee and each other Secured Debt Representative at the time of incurrence of such Series of Secured Lien Debt. In connection with the application of proceeds in accordance with the provisions set forth above under this “Order of Application” caption, except as otherwise directed by an Act of Required Debtholders, the Collateral Trustee may sell any non-cash proceeds for cash prior to the application of the proceeds thereof. Release of Security Interests The Security Documents provide that the Collateral will be released: 1. in whole, upon (a) payment in full of all outstanding Secured Debt Obligations at the time such debt is paid in full and (b) termination or expiration of all commitments to extend credit under all Secured Debt Documents and the cancellation or termination or cash collateralization in an account maintained by the Collateral Trustee (at the lower of (1) 105% of the aggregate undrawn amount and (2) the percentage of the aggregate undrawn amount required for release of Liens under the terms of the applicable Secured Debt Documents) of all outstanding letters of credit issued pursuant to any Secured Debt Documents; provided that the Issuer has delivered an Officer’s Certificate to the Collateral Trustee certifying that the conditions described in this paragraph 1. have been met and that such release of the Collateral does not violate the terms of any applicable Secured Debt Document; 2. with respect to the Note Obligations only, upon satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture as set forth under “—Satisfaction and Discharge”; 32 Table of Contents 3. with respect to the Note Obligations only, upon a Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance as set forth under “—Legal Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance”; 4. with respect to the Note Obligations only, upon payment in full of the Notes and all other Note Obligations that are outstanding, due and payable at the time the Notes are paid in full; 5. with respect to any Secured Debt Obligations (other than Note Obligations) only, upon payment in full of such Secured Lien Debt and all other Secured Debt Obligations in respect thereof that is outstanding, due and payable at the time such Secured Lien Debt is paid in full; 6. as to a release of all or substantially all of the Collateral, if (a) consent to the release of that Collateral has been given by holders of 66 2/3% of the aggregate principal amount of Parity Lien Debt at the time outstanding voting together as one class, as provided for in the applicable Secured Debt Documents; provided that if an Event of Default under the Notes or an event of default with respect to any other Secured Lien Debt has occurred and is continuing at the time of the solicitation of any such consent, the consent of holders of 66 2/3% of the aggregate principal amount of Secured Lien Debt at the time outstanding voting together as one class shall also be required, and (b) EFIH has delivered an Officer’s Certificate to the Collateral Trustee certifying that any such necessary consents have been obtained and that such release of the Collateral does not violate the terms of any applicable Secured Debt Document; 7. as to a release of less than all or substantially all of the Collateral, if (A) consent to the release of all Parity Liens (or, at any time after the Discharge of Parity Lien Obligations, consent to the release of all Junior Liens) on such Collateral has been given by holders of a majority of the aggregate principal amount of Parity Lien Debt at the time outstanding voting as one class, as provided for in the Parity Lien Documents (or, at any time after the Discharge of Parity Lien Obligations, holders of a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Junior Lien Debt at the time outstanding voting together as one class, as provided for in the Junior Lien Documents) and (B) EFIH has delivered an Officer’s Certificate to the Collateral Trustee certifying that any such necessary consents have been obtained and that such release of the Collateral does not violate the terms of any applicable Secured Debt Document; 8. as to any Collateral that is sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of by EFIH in a transaction or other circumstance that is not prohibited by the terms of any applicable Secured Debt Document, at the time of, or immediately prior to, such sale, transfer or other disposition; provided that EFIH has delivered an Officer’s Certificate to the Collateral Trustee certifying that any such sale, transfer or other disposition does not violate the terms of any applicable Secured Debt Document; or 9. with respect to the Note Obligations only, in whole or in part, with the consent of the Holders of the requisite percentage of Notes in accordance with the provisions described under “—Amendment, Supplement and Waiver,” and upon delivery of instructions and any other documentation, in each case as required by the Indenture and the Security Documents, in a form satisfactory to the Collateral Trustee. Upon compliance by EFIH with the conditions precedent set forth above, the Collateral Trustee will promptly cause to be released and reconveyed to EFIH the released Collateral. Amendment The Collateral Trust Agreement provides that no amendment or supplement to the provisions of the Collateral Trust Agreement or any other Security Document will be effective without the approval of the Collateral Trustee acting as directed by an Act of Required Debtholders, except that: (1) any amendment or supplement that has the effect solely of (a) adding or maintaining Collateral, securing additional Secured Lien Debt that was otherwise permitted by the terms of the Secured Debt Documents to be secured by the Collateral or preserving, perfecting or establishing the priority of the Liens thereon or the rights of the Collateral Trustee therein, (b) curing any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency; (c) providing for the assumption of the obligations of EFIH under any Security Document in the case of a merger or consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of EFIH; or (d) making any change that would provide any additional rights or benefits to the holders of Secured Debt Obligations, the Secured Debt Representatives or the Collateral Trustee or that does not adversely affect the legal rights under any Secured Debt Document of any holder of Secured Debt Obligations, the Secured Debt Representatives or the Collateral Trustee, will, in each case, become effective when executed and delivered by EFIH and the Collateral Trustee; 33 Table of Contents (2) no amendment or supplement that reduces, impairs or adversely affects the right of any holder of Secured Debt Obligations: (a) to vote its outstanding Secured Lien Debt as to any matter described as subject to an Act of Required Debtholders or direction by the Required Parity Lien Debtholders or Required Junior Lien Debtholders (or amends the provisions of this clause (2) or the definition of “Act of Required Debtholders,” “Required Parity Lien Debtholders” or “Required Junior Lien Debtholders”); (b) to share in the order of application described under “—Order of Application” in the proceeds of enforcement of or realization on any Collateral that has not been released in accordance with the provisions described under “—Release of Security Interests”; or (c) to require that Liens securing Secured Debt Obligations be released only as set forth in the provisions described under “—Release of Security Interests,” will become effective without the consent of the requisite percentage or number of holders of each Series of Secured Lien Debt so affected under the applicable Secured Debt Documents; and (3) no amendment or supplement that imposes any obligation upon the Collateral Trustee or any Secured Debt Representative or adversely affects the rights of the Collateral Trustee, as determined by the Collateral Trustee in its sole discretion, or any Secured Debt Representative, respectively, in its individual capacity as such will become effective without the consent of the Collateral Trustee or such Secured Debt Representative, respectively. Notwithstanding the foregoing clause (1), but subject to clauses (2) and (3) above: (1) any Security Document that secures Junior Lien Obligations (but not Parity Lien Obligations) may be amended or supplemented with the approval of the Collateral Trustee acting as directed in writing by the Required Junior Lien Debtholders, unless such amendment or supplement would not be permitted under the terms of the Collateral Trust Agreement or the other Parity Lien Documents; and (2) any amendment or waiver of, or any consent under, any provision of the Collateral Trust Agreement or any other Security Document that secures Parity Lien Obligations (except any such amendment, waiver or consent that releases Collateral with respect to which any consent of holders of Junior Lien Debt is required pursuant to the Collateral Trust Agreement, which will be governed by the provisions set forth above) will apply automatically to any comparable provision of any comparable Junior Lien Document without the consent of or notice to any holder of Junior Lien Obligations and without any action by EFIH or any Holder of Notes or holder of other Junior Lien Obligations. Voting In connection with any matter under the Collateral Trust Agreement requiring a vote of holders of Secured Lien Debt, each Series of Secured Lien Debt will cast its votes in accordance with the Secured Debt Documents governing such Series of Secured Lien Debt. The amount of Secured Lien Debt to be voted by a Series of Secured Lien Debt will equal (1) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Secured Lien Debt held by such Series of Secured Lien Debt (including outstanding letters of credit whether or not then available or drawn), plus (2) the aggregate unfunded commitments to extend credit which, when funded, would constitute Indebtedness of such Series of Secured Lien Debt. Following and in accordance with the outcome of the applicable vote under its Secured Debt Documents, the Secured Debt Representative of each Series of Secured Lien Debt will vote the total amount of Secured Lien Debt under that Series of Secured Lien Debt as a block in respect of any vote under the Collateral Trust Agreement. 34 Table of Contents Provisions of the Indenture Relating to Security Equal and Ratable Sharing of Collateral by Holders of Parity Lien Debt The Indenture provides that, notwithstanding: (1) anything contained in the Collateral Trust Agreement or in any other Security Documents; (2) the time of incurrence of any Series of Parity Lien Debt; (3) the order or method of attachment or perfection of any Liens securing any Series of Parity Lien Debt; (4) the time or order of filing or recording of financing statements or other documents filed or recorded to perfect any Parity Lien upon any Collateral; (5) the time of taking possession or control over any Collateral; (6) that any Parity Lien may not have been perfected or may be or have become subordinated, by equitable subordination or otherwise, to any other Lien; or (7) the rules for determining priority under any law governing relative priorities of Liens, all Parity Liens granted at any time by EFIH will secure, equally and ratably, all present and future Parity Lien Obligations. The foregoing section is intended for the benefit of, and will be enforceable as a third party beneficiary by, each present and future holder of Parity Lien Obligations, each present and future Parity Lien Representative and the Collateral Trustee as holder of Parity Liens. Ranking of Parity Liens The Indenture requires the Junior Lien Documents, if any, to provide that, notwithstanding: (1) anything to the contrary contained in the Security Documents; (2) the time of incurrence of any Series of Parity Lien Debt; (3) the order or method of attachment or perfection of any Liens securing any Series of Parity Lien Debt; (4) the time or order of filing or recording of financing statements or other documents filed or recorded to perfect any Lien upon any Collateral; (5) the time of taking possession or control over any Collateral; (6) that any Parity Lien may not have been perfected or may be or have become subordinated, by equitable subordination or otherwise, to any other Lien; or (7) the rules for determining priority under any law governing relative priorities of Liens, all Junior Liens at any time granted by EFIH will be subject and subordinate to all Parity Liens securing Parity Lien Obligations. 35 Table of Contents The Indenture also requires the Junior Lien Documents, if any, to provide that the provisions described in the foregoing clauses (1) through (7) are intended for the benefit of, and will be enforceable as a third party beneficiary by, each present and future holder of Parity Lien Obligations, each present and future Parity Lien Representative and the Collateral Trustee as holder of Parity Liens. Relative Rights The Indenture requires that nothing in the Junior Lien Documents will: (1) impair, as between EFIH and the Holders of the Notes, the obligation of EFIH to pay principal, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes in accordance with their terms or any other obligation of EFIH under the Indenture; (2) affect the relative rights of Holders of Notes as against any other creditors of EFIH (other than holders of Junior Liens or other Parity Liens); (3) restrict the right of any Holder of Notes to sue for payments that are then due and owing (but not enforce any judgment in respect thereof against any Collateral to the extent specifically prohibited by the provisions described under “—Security for the Notes—Enforcement of Liens” or “—Security for the Notes—Insolvency or Liquidation Proceedings”); (4) restrict or prevent any Holder of Notes or holder of other Parity Lien Obligations, the Collateral Trustee or any other Person from exercising any of its rights or remedies upon a Default or Event of Default not specifically restricted or prohibited by the provisions described under “—Security for the Notes—Enforcement of Liens” or “—Security for the Notes—Insolvency or Liquidation Proceedings”; or (5) restrict or prevent any Holder of Notes or holder of other Parity Lien Obligations, the Trustee, the Collateral Trustee or any other Person from taking any lawful action in an insolvency or liquidation proceeding not specifically restricted or prohibited by the provisions described under “—Security for the Notes—Enforcement of Liens” or “—Security for the Notes—Insolvency or Liquidation Proceedings.” Further Assurances The Indenture and the Security Documents provide that EFIH, at its own expense, will do or cause to be done all acts and things that may be required, or that the Collateral Trustee from time to time may reasonably request, to assure and confirm that the Collateral Trustee holds, for the benefit of the Secured Debt Representatives and holders of Secured Debt Obligations, duly created and enforceable and perfected Liens upon the Collateral (including any property or assets that are acquired or otherwise become Collateral after the Notes are issued), in each case, as contemplated by, and with the Lien priority required under, the Secured Debt Documents. Upon the reasonable request of the Collateral Trustee or any Secured Debt Representative at any time and from time to time, EFIH, at its own expense, will promptly execute, acknowledge and deliver such security documents, instruments, certificates, notices and other documents, and take such other actions as may be reasonably required, or that the Collateral Trustee may reasonably request, to create, perfect, protect, assure or enforce the Liens and benefits intended to be conferred, in each case as contemplated by the Secured Debt Documents for the benefit of the holders of Secured Debt Obligations. 36 Table of Contents Impairment of Security Interest The Pledge Agreement provides that EFIH will not take or omit to take any action which would or could reasonably be expected to have the result of materially adversely affecting or impairing the Liens in favor of the Collateral Trustee, the Trustee and the holders of the Notes with respect to the Collateral. EFIH shall not grant to any Person, or permit any Person to retain (other than the Collateral Trustee), any interest whatsoever in the Collateral, other than pursuant to clause (3) of the definition of “Permitted Liens.” EFIH and its Restricted Subsidiaries will not enter into any agreement that requires the proceeds received from any sale of Collateral to be applied to repay, redeem, defease or otherwise acquire or retire any Indebtedness of any Person, other than as permitted by the Indenture, the Notes and the Security Documents. EFIH shall, at its sole cost and expense, execute and deliver all such agreements and instruments as necessary, or as the Trustee shall reasonably request, to more fully or accurately describe the assets and property intended to be Collateral or the obligations intended to be secured by the Pledge Agreement or any other Security Document. After-Acquired Property Promptly following the acquisition by EFIH of any Equity Interests in any Oncor Subsidiary or any Indebtedness of, or other Investments in, any Oncor Subsidiary or any property or assets required to be pledged as Collateral pursuant to the covenant described under “—Repurchase at the Option of Holders—Asset Sales” or any Equity Interests in or any Indebtedness of, or other Investments in, any Successor Oncor Business, EFIH will execute and deliver such security instruments, pledges, financing statements and certificates and opinions of counsel as shall be reasonably necessary to vest in the Collateral Trustee a perfected first-priority security interest in such Equity Interests, Indebtedness or other Investments or property or assets and to have such Equity Interests, Indebtedness or other Investments or property or assets added to the Collateral and thereupon all provisions of the Indenture relating to the Collateral shall be deemed to relate to such Equity Interests, Indebtedness or other Investments or property or assets to the same extent and with the same force and effect. Repurchase at the Option of Holders Change of Control The Notes provide that if a Change of Control occurs, unless the Issuer has previously or concurrently mailed a redemption notice with respect to all the outstanding Notes as described under “Optional Redemption” and will redeem all of the outstanding Notes pursuant thereto, the Issuer will make an offer to purchase all of the Notes pursuant to the offer described below (the “ Change of Control Offer ”) at a price in cash (the “ Change of Control Payment ”) equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of purchase, subject to the right of Holders of the Notes of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date. Within 30 days following any Change of Control, the Issuer will send notice of such Change of Control Offer by first-class mail, with a copy to the Trustee, to each Holder of Notes to the address of such Holder appearing in the security register with a copy to the Trustee or otherwise in accordance with the procedures of DTC, with the following information: (1) that a Change of Control Offer is being made pursuant to the covenant entitled “Change of Control” and that all Notes properly tendered pursuant to such Change of Control Offer will be accepted for payment by the Issuer; (2) the purchase price and the purchase date, which will be no earlier than 30 days nor later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed (the “ Change of Control Payment Date ”); (3) that any Note not properly tendered will remain outstanding and continue to accrue interest; (4) that unless the Issuer defaults in the payment of the Change of Control Payment, all Notes accepted for payment pursuant to the Change of Control Offer will cease to accrue interest on the Change of Control Payment Date; (5) that Holders electing to have any Notes purchased pursuant to a Change of Control Offer will be required to surrender such Notes, with the form entitled “Option of Holder to Elect Purchase” on the reverse of such Notes completed, to the paying agent specified in the notice at the address specified in the notice prior to the close of business on the third Business Day preceding the Change of Control Payment Date; 37 Table of Contents (6) that Holders will be entitled to withdraw their tendered Notes and their election to require the Issuer to purchase such Notes; provided that the paying agent receives, not later than the close of business on the expiration date of the Change of Control Offer, a telegram, facsimile transmission or letter setting forth the name of the Holder of the Notes, the principal amount of Notes tendered for purchase, and a statement that such Holder is withdrawing its tendered Notes and its election to have such Notes purchased; (7) that the Holders whose Notes are being repurchased only in part will be issued new Notes and such new Notes will be equal in principal amount to the unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered. The unpurchased portion of the Notes must be equal to $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof; and (8) the other instructions, as determined by the Issuer, consistent with the covenant described under this “—Repurchase at the Option of Holders—Change of Control” section, that a Holder must follow. Any proceeds received by the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries from a sale, conveyance or disposition of Collateral or other Oncor-related Assets that constitutes a Change of Control shall be subject to a perfected security interest for the benefit of the holders of the Secured Debt Obligations until consummation of the Change of Control Offer. The Issuer will comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent such laws or regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of Notes pursuant to a Change of Control Offer. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the provisions of the Indenture, the Issuer will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations described in the Indenture by virtue thereof. On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer will, to the extent permitted by law, (1) accept for payment all Notes issued by it or portions thereof properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer; (2) deposit with the paying agent an amount equal to the aggregate Change of Control Payment in respect of all Notes or portions thereof so tendered; and (3) deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Trustee for cancellation the Notes so accepted together with an Officer’s Certificate to the Trustee stating that such Notes or portions thereof have been tendered to and purchased by the Issuer. Other agreements relating to Senior Indebtedness to which the Issuer becomes a party may provide that certain change of control events with respect to the Issuer would constitute a default thereunder (including a Change of Control under the Indenture). If we experience a change of control that triggers a default under such agreements, we could seek a waiver of such default or seek to refinance the applicable indebtedness. In the event we do not obtain such a waiver or refinance the applicable indebtedness, such default could result in amounts outstanding under the applicable indebtedness being declared due and payable and could cause any Receivables Facility to be wound down. Additionally, the terms of the Notes and certain series of EFH Corp.’s debt, including debt guaranteed by EFIH, provide that certain change of control events (including a Change of Control under the Indenture) would result in EFH Corp. being required to offer to purchase such debt. Our ability to pay cash to the Holders of Notes following the occurrence of a Change of Control may be limited by our then-existing financial resources. Therefore, sufficient funds may not be available when necessary to make any required repurchases. 38 Table of Contents The Change of Control purchase feature of the Notes may in certain circumstances make more difficult or discourage a sale or takeover of us or EFH Corp. and, thus, the removal of incumbent management. As discussed above, a change in control of EFIH would require regulatory approval by the PUCT under the public interest standard and, through October 10, 2012, the PUCT order. As of the Issue Date, we have no present intention to engage in a transaction involving a Change of Control and we are not aware of any such transaction being contemplated by EFH Corp., although it is possible that we or EFH Corp. could decide to engage in such a transaction in the future. Subject to the limitations discussed below, we could, in the future, enter into certain transactions, including acquisitions, refinancings or other recapitalizations, that would not constitute a Change of Control under the Indenture, but that could increase the amount of indebtedness outstanding at such time or otherwise affect our capital structure or credit ratings. Restrictions on our ability to incur additional Indebtedness are contained in the covenants described under “—Certain Covenants—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock” and “—Certain Covenants—Liens.” Such restrictions in the Indenture can be waived with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes. Except for the limitations contained in such covenants, however, the Indenture does not contain any covenants or provisions that may afford Holders of the Notes protection in the event of a highly leveraged transaction. The Issuer will not be required to make a Change of Control Offer following a Change of Control if a third party makes the Change of Control Offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements set forth in the Indenture applicable to a Change of Control Offer made by us and purchases all Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn under such Change of Control Offer. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, a Change of Control Offer may be made in advance of a Change of Control, conditional upon such Change of Control, if a definitive agreement is in place for the Change of Control at the time of making of the Change of Control Offer. The definition of “Change of Control” includes, subject to certain exceptions, a disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Issuer to any Person. Although there is a limited body of case law interpreting the phrase “substantially all,” there is no precise established definition of the phrase under applicable law. Accordingly, in certain circumstances there may be a degree of uncertainty as to whether a particular transaction would involve a disposition of “all or substantially all” of the assets of the Issuer. As a result, it may be unclear as to whether a Change of Control has occurred and whether a Holder of Notes may require the Issuer to make an offer to repurchase the Notes as described above. The provisions under the Indenture relating to the Issuer’s obligation to make an offer to repurchase the Notes as a result of a Change of Control may be waived or modified with the written consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes. Asset Sales The Indenture provides that EFIH will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to consummate, directly or indirectly, an Asset Sale, unless: (1) EFIH or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, receives consideration at the time of such Asset Sale at least equal to the fair market value (as determined in good faith by EFIH) of the assets sold or otherwise disposed of; and (2)(A) except in the case of a Permitted Asset Swap, at least 75% of the consideration therefor received by EFIH or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, is in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents; provided that the amount of: (a) except in the case of an Asset Sale of Collateral, any liabilities (as shown on EFIH’s or such Restricted Subsidiary’s most recent balance sheet or in the footnotes thereto) of EFIH or such Restricted Subsidiary, other than liabilities that are by their terms subordinated to the Notes or that are owed to EFIH or an Affiliate of EFIH, that are assumed by the transferee of any such assets and for which EFIH and all of its Restricted Subsidiaries have been validly released by all applicable creditors in writing, (b) any securities received by the EFIH or such Restricted Subsidiary from such transferee that are converted by EFIH or such Restricted Subsidiary into cash (to the extent of the cash received) within 180 days following the closing of such Asset Sale, and 39 Table of Contents (c) any Designated Non-cash Consideration received by EFIH or such Restricted Subsidiary in such Asset Sale having an aggregate fair market value, taken together with all other Designated Non-cash Consideration received pursuant to this clause (c) that is at that time outstanding, not to exceed 5% of Total Assets at the time of the receipt of such Designated Non-cash Consideration, with the fair market value of each item of Designated Non-cash Consideration being measured at the time received and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value; provided that the aggregate fair market value of Designated Non-cash Consideration received by EFIH after the Issue Date in respect of Asset Sales of Collateral shall not exceed $400.0 million, shall be deemed to be cash for purposes of this clause (A) and for no other purpose; and (B) any consideration received by EFIH from an Asset Sale of Collateral shall be concurrently pledged as Collateral for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes and holders of the other Secured Debt Obligations; provided that to the extent such consideration is received by EFIH in cash, it shall be held in an Asset Sale Cash Collateral Account pending the application of such cash consideration pursuant to this covenant. In respect of Net Proceeds received by EFIH or any Restricted Subsidiary from Asset Sales (other than an Asset Sale of Collateral or other Oncor-related Assets), within 450 days after the receipt of any Net Proceeds of any such Asset Sale, EFIH or such Restricted Subsidiary, at its option, may apply the Net Proceeds from such Asset Sale, (1) to repay or prepay Parity Lien Debt of EFIH (other than the Notes) (and, in the case of revolving loans and other similar obligations, permanently reduce the commitment thereunder) on a pro rata basis (including to make Restricted Payments to EFH Corp. to permit EFH Corp. to repay or prepay Indebtedness of EFH Corp. (other than Indebtedness owed to a Subsidiary of EFH Corp.) that is guaranteed by EFIH and constitutes Parity Lien Debt), but only up to an aggregate principal amount equal to such Net Proceeds to be used to repay Indebtedness pursuant to this clause (1) multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Parity Lien Debt and the denominator of which is the aggregate principal amount of all Parity Lien Debt (including the Notes), based on amounts outstanding on the date of closing of such Asset Sale; provided that EFIH shall equally and ratably reduce Obligations under the Notes as provided under “—Optional Redemption,” through open-market purchases (to the extent such purchases are at or above 100% of the principal amount thereof) or by making an offer (in accordance with the procedures set forth below for a Asset Sale Offer) to all Holders to purchase their Notes at 100% of the principal amount thereof plus the amount of accrued but unpaid interest, if any; (2) to permanently reduce: (a) Obligations under Senior Indebtedness which is Secured Indebtedness permitted by the Indenture, and to correspondingly reduce commitments with respect thereto; (b) Obligations under other Senior Indebtedness (and to correspondingly reduce commitments with respect thereto); provided that the Issuer shall equally and ratably reduce Obligations under the Notes as provided under “—Optional Redemption,” through open-market purchases (to the extent such purchases are at or above 100% of the principal amount thereof) or otherwise by making an offer (in accordance with the procedures set forth below for an Asset Sale Offer) to all Holders to purchase their Notes at 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus the amount of accrued but unpaid interest, if any; or (c) Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor, other than Indebtedness owed to the Issuer or another Restricted Subsidiary (or any Affiliate thereof); (3) to make (a) an Investment in any one or more businesses; provided that such Investment in any business is in the form of the acquisition of Capital Stock and results in the Issuer or another of its Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be, owning an amount of the Capital Stock of such business such that it constitutes a Restricted Subsidiary, (b) capital expenditures or (c) acquisitions of other assets, in each of (a), (b) and (c), used or useful in a Similar Business; or 40 Table of Contents (4) to make an Investment in (a) any one or more businesses; provided that such Investment in any business is in the form of the acquisition of Capital Stock and results in the Issuer or another of its Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be, owning an amount of the Capital Stock of such business such that it constitutes a Restricted Subsidiary, (b) properties or (c) acquisitions of other assets that, in each of (a), (b) and (c), replace the businesses, properties and/or assets that are the subject of such Asset Sale; provided that, in the case of clauses (3) and (4) above, a binding commitment shall be treated as a permitted application of the Net Proceeds from the date of such commitment so long as EFIH, or such other Restricted Subsidiary enters into such commitment with the good faith expectation that such Net Proceeds will be applied to satisfy such commitment within 180 days of such commitment (an “ Acceptable Commitment ”) (and reinvest within the later of 450 days from the date of receipt of Net Proceeds and 180 days of receipt of such commitment), and, in the event any Acceptable Commitment is later cancelled or terminated for any reason before the Net Proceeds are applied in connection therewith, EFIH or such Restricted Subsidiary enters into another Acceptable Commitment (a “ Second Commitment ”) within the later of (a) 180 days of such cancellation or termination or (b) the initial 450-day period; provided further, that if any Second Commitment is later cancelled or terminated for any reason before such Net Proceeds are applied, then such Net Proceeds shall constitute Excess Proceeds. Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, to the extent that regulatory approval is necessary for an asset purchase or investment, or replacement, repair or restoration on any asset or investment, then EFIH or any Restricted Subsidiary shall have an additional 365 days to apply the Net Proceeds from such Asset Sale in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Any Net Proceeds from Asset Sales (other than Asset Sales of Collateral or other Oncor-related Assets) that are not invested or applied as provided and within the time period set forth in the first sentence of the second preceding paragraph will be deemed to constitute “ Excess Proceeds .” When the aggregate amount of Excess Proceeds exceeds $200.0 million, EFIH shall make an offer to all Holders of the Notes and, if required or permitted by the terms of any Senior Indebtedness, to the holders of such Senior Indebtedness (an “ Asset Sale Offer ”), to purchase the maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes and such Senior Indebtedness that is a minimum of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof that may be purchased out of the Excess Proceeds at an offer price in cash in an amount equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date fixed for the closing of such offer, in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Indenture. EFIH will commence an Asset Sale Offer with respect to Excess Proceeds within 10 Business Days after the date that Excess Proceeds exceed $200.0 million by mailing the notice required pursuant to the terms of the Indenture, with a copy to the Trustee. To the extent that the aggregate amount of Notes and such Senior Indebtedness tendered pursuant to an Asset Sale Offer is less than the Excess Proceeds, EFIH may use any remaining Excess Proceeds for general corporate purposes, subject to other covenants contained in the Indenture. If the aggregate principal amount of Notes or the Senior Indebtedness surrendered by such holders thereof exceeds the amount of Excess Proceeds, the Notes and such Senior Indebtedness will be purchased on a pro rata basis based on the accreted value or principal amount of the Notes or such Senior Indebtedness tendered. Additionally, EFIH may, at its option, make an Asset Sale Offer using proceeds from any Asset Sale (other than Asset Sales of Collateral or other Oncor-related Assets) at any time after consummation of such Asset Sale; provided that such Asset Sale Offer shall be in an aggregate amount of not less than $25.0 million. Upon consummation of such Asset Sale Offer, any Net Proceeds not required to be used to purchase Notes shall not be deemed Excess Proceeds. In respect of Net Proceeds received by EFIH or any Restricted Subsidiary from Asset Sales of Collateral or other Oncor-related Assets, within 450 days after the receipt by EFIH or any Restricted Subsidiary of any Net Proceeds of any such Asset Sale, EFIH or such Restricted Subsidiary shall be required to deposit the Net Proceeds from such Asset Sale into an Asset Sale Cash Collateral Account that is subject to a perfected security interest for the benefit of the holders of Secured Lien Debt to be held solely for the purpose of repayment of principal, premium, if any, and interest on, and/or to repay, prepay, repurchase or redeem, the Notes and other Parity Lien Obligations as described in the following clauses (1) and (2), 41 Table of Contents (1) to repay or prepay Parity Lien Debt of EFIH (other than the Notes) (and, in the case of revolving loans and other similar obligations, permanently reduce the commitment thereunder) on a pro rata basis (including to make Restricted Payments to EFH Corp. to permit EFH Corp. to repay or prepay Indebtedness of EFH Corp. that is guaranteed by EFIH and constitutes Parity Lien Debt), but only up to an aggregate principal amount equal to such Net Proceeds to be used to repay Indebtedness pursuant to this clause (1) multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Parity Lien Debt and the denominator of which is the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Parity Lien Debt (including the Notes), in each case based on amounts outstanding on the date of closing of such Asset Sale; provided that EFIH shall equally and ratably reduce Obligations under the Notes as provided under “Optional Redemption,” through open-market purchases (to the extent such purchases are at or above 100% of the principal amount thereof) or by making an offer (in accordance with the procedures set forth below for a Collateral Asset Sale Offer) to all Holders to purchase their Notes at 100% of the principal amount thereof plus the amount of accrued and unpaid interest, if any; or (2) to repay, repurchase or redeem the Notes as provided under “—Optional Redemption,” through open-market purchases (to the extent such purchases are at or above 100% of the principal amount thereof) or by making an offer (in accordance with the procedures set forth below for a Collateral Asset Sale Offer) to all Holders to purchase their Notes at 100% of the principal amount thereof plus the amount of accrued but unpaid interest, if any. Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, in the event that regulatory approval is necessary for an Investment in any Oncor Subsidiary, then the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary shall have an additional 365 days to apply the Net Proceeds from such Asset Sale in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Any Net Proceeds from Asset Sales of Collateral or other Oncor-related Assets that are not invested or applied as provided and within the time period set forth in the first sentence of the preceding paragraph will be deemed to constitute “ Collateral Excess Proceeds .” When the aggregate amount of Collateral Excess Proceeds exceeds $200.0 million, the Issuer and/or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries shall make an offer to all Holders of the Notes and, if required or permitted by the terms of any Parity Lien Debt, to the holders of such Parity Lien Debt (and if required or permitted by the terms of any Indebtedness of EFH Corp. that is guaranteed by EFIH and constitutes Parity Lien Debt, EFH Corp. may make an offer to all holders of such Indebtedness) (a “ Collateral Asset Sale Offer ”), to purchase the maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes and such Parity Lien Debt that is a minimum of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof that may be purchased out of the Collateral Excess Proceeds at an offer price in cash in an amount equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date fixed for the closing of such offer, in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Indenture. The Issuer and/or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries will commence a Collateral Asset Sale Offer with respect to Collateral Excess Proceeds within 10 Business Days after the date that Collateral Excess Proceeds exceed $200.0 million by mailing the notice required pursuant to the terms of the Indenture, with a copy to the Trustee. To the extent that the aggregate amount of Notes and such Parity Lien Debt tendered pursuant to a Collateral Asset Sale Offer is less than the Collateral Excess Proceeds, EFIH and/or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may use any remaining Collateral Excess Proceeds for general corporate purposes, subject to other covenants contained in the Indenture and the terms of such Parity Lien Debt. If the aggregate principal amount of Notes or the Parity Lien Debt surrendered by such holders thereof exceeds the amount of Collateral Excess Proceeds, the Notes and such Parity Lien Debt will be purchased on a pro rata basis based on the accreted value or principal amount of the Notes or such Parity Lien Debt tendered. Additionally, the Issuer (and, if applicable, EFH Corp.) may, at its option, make a Collateral Asset Sale Offer using proceeds from any Asset Sale of Collateral or other Oncor-related Assets at any time after consummation of such Asset Sale; provided that such Collateral Asset Sale Offer shall be in an aggregate amount of not less than $25.0 million. Upon consummation of such Collateral Asset Sale Offer, any Net Proceeds not required to be used to purchase Notes shall not be deemed Collateral Excess Proceeds and the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries may use any remaining Net Proceeds for general corporate purposes, subject to the other covenants contained in the Indenture. 42 Table of Contents Pending the final application of any Net Proceeds pursuant to this covenant, the holder of such Net Proceeds may apply such Net Proceeds temporarily to reduce Indebtedness outstanding under a revolving credit facility or otherwise invest such Net Proceeds in any manner not prohibited by the Indenture; provided , however , that any Net Proceeds that represents proceeds of Collateral or other Oncor-related Assets shall be deposited and held in an Asset Sale Cash Collateral Account that is subject to a perfected security interest for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes and the holders of the other Secured Debt Obligations pending final application thereof in accordance with this covenant. For the avoidance of doubt, final application of Net Proceeds that represent proceeds of Collateral or other Oncor-related Assets includes, without limitation, the consummation of a Collateral Asset Sale Offer. The Issuer will comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent such laws or regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Notes pursuant to an Asset Sale Offer or a Collateral Asset Sale Offer. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the provisions of the Indenture, the Issuer will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations described in the Indenture by virtue thereof. Selection and Notice If the Issuer is redeeming less than all of the Notes issued by it at any time, the Trustee will select the Notes to be redeemed (a) if the Notes are listed on any national securities exchange, in compliance with the requirements of the principal national securities exchange on which the Notes are listed, (b) on a pro rata basis to the extent practicable or (c) by lot or such other similar method in accordance with the procedures of DTC. No Notes of $2,000 or less can be redeemed in part. Notices of purchase or redemption shall be mailed by first-class mail, postage prepaid, at least 30 but not more than 60 days before the purchase or Redemption Date to each Holder of Notes at such Holder’s registered address or otherwise in accordance with the procedures of DTC, except that redemption notices may be mailed more than 60 days prior to a Redemption Date if the notice is issued in connection with a defeasance of the Notes or a satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture. If any Note is to be purchased or redeemed in part only, any notice of purchase or redemption that relates to such Note shall state the portion of the principal amount thereof that has been or is to be purchased or redeemed. The notice will also state any conditions applicable to a redemption. The Issuer will issue a new Note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the original Note in the name of the Holder upon cancellation of the original Note. Notes called for redemption become due on the date fixed for redemption but such redemption may be subject to one or more conditions precedent. On and after the Redemption Date, interest ceases to accrue on Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. Certain Covenants Limitation on Restricted Payments EFIH will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly: (I) declare or pay any dividend or make any payment or distribution on account of EFIH’s, or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries’ Equity Interests, including any dividend or distribution payable in connection with any merger or consolidation other than: (a) dividends or distributions by EFIH payable solely in Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of EFIH; or (b) dividends or distributions by a Restricted Subsidiary so long as, in the case of any dividend or distribution payable on or in respect of any class or series of securities issued by a Restricted Subsidiary other than a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, EFIH or a Restricted Subsidiary receives at least its pro rata share of such dividend or distribution in accordance with its Equity Interests in such class or series of securities; (II) purchase, redeem, defease or otherwise acquire or retire for value any Equity Interests of EFIH or any direct or indirect parent of EFIH, including in connection with any merger or consolidation; 43 Table of Contents (III) make any principal payment on, or redeem, repurchase, defease or otherwise acquire or retire for value in each case, prior to any scheduled repayment, sinking fund payment or maturity, any Subordinated Indebtedness, other than: (a) Indebtedness permitted under clauses (7) and (8) of the covenant described under “—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock” (other than Subordinated Indebtedness of EFIH to EFH Corp. or any of its subsidiaries which was used by EFIH to pay principal on its Indebtedness); or (b) the purchase, repurchase or other acquisition of Subordinated Indebtedness purchased in anticipation of satisfying a sinking fund obligation, principal installment or final maturity, in each case due within one year of the date of purchase, repurchase or acquisition; or (IV) make any Restricted Investment (all such payments and other actions set forth in clauses (I) through (IV) above (other than any exception thereto) being collectively referred to as “ Restricted Payments ”), unless, at the time of such Restricted Payment: (1) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would occur as a consequence thereof; (2) immediately after giving effect to such transaction on a pro forma basis, the Restricted Payment Coverage Ratio for the most recently ended four fiscal quarters for which internal financial statements are available immediately preceding the date of such Restricted Payment would have been at least 2.00 to 1.00; and (3) such Restricted Payment, together with the aggregate amount of all other Restricted Payments made by EFIH and its Restricted Subsidiaries after the Closing Date (including Restricted Payments permitted by clauses (1), (2) (with respect to the payment of dividends on Refunding Capital Stock (as defined below) pursuant to clause (b) thereof only), (6)(c), (9), (14) and (18) of the next succeeding paragraph, but excluding all other Restricted Payments permitted by the next succeeding paragraph), is less than the sum of (without duplication): (a) 50% of the Consolidated Net Income of EFIH for the period (taken as one accounting period) beginning October 11, 2007, to the end of EFIH’s most recently ended fiscal quarter for which internal financial statements are available at the time of such Restricted Payment, or, in the case such Consolidated Net Income for such period is a deficit, minus 100% of such deficit; plus (b) 100% of the aggregate net cash proceeds and the fair market value, as determined in good faith by EFIH, of marketable securities or other property received by EFIH since immediately after the Closing Date (other than net cash proceeds to the extent such net cash proceeds have been used to incur Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock pursuant to clause (12)(a) of the second paragraph of “—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock”) from the issue or sale of: (i) (A)Equity Interests of EFIH, including Treasury Capital Stock (as defined below), but excluding cash proceeds and the fair market value, as determined in good faith by EFIH, of marketable securities or other property received from the sale of: (x) Equity Interests to members of management, directors or consultants of EFIH, any direct or indirect parent company of EFIH and EFIH’s Subsidiaries after the Closing Date to the extent such amounts have been applied to Restricted Payments made in accordance with clause (4) of the next succeeding paragraph; and (y) Designated Preferred Stock; and 44 Table of Contents (B) to the extent such net cash proceeds are actually contributed to the capital of EFIH, Equity Interests of EFIH’s direct or indirect parent companies (excluding contributions of the proceeds from the sale of Designated Preferred Stock of such companies or contributions to the extent such amounts have been applied to Restricted Payments made in accordance with clause (4) of the next succeeding paragraph); or (ii) debt securities of EFIH that have been converted into or exchanged for such Equity Interests of EFIH; provided , however , that this clause (b) shall not include the proceeds from (V) Refunding Capital Stock (as defined below), (W) Equity Interests or debt securities of EFIH sold to a Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, (X) Disqualified Stock or debt securities that have been converted into or exchanged for Disqualified Stock or (Y) Excluded Contributions; plus (c) 100% of the aggregate amount of cash and the fair market value, as determined in good faith by EFIH, of marketable securities or other property contributed to the capital of EFIH following the Closing Date (other than net cash proceeds to the extent such net cash proceeds (i) have been used to incur Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock pursuant to clause (12)(a) of the second paragraph of “—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock,” (ii) are contributed by a Restricted Subsidiary or (iii) constitute Excluded Contributions); plus (d) 100% of the aggregate amount received in cash and the fair market value, as determined in good faith by EFIH, of marketable securities or other property received by means of: (i) the sale or other disposition (other than to EFIH or a Restricted Subsidiary) of Restricted Investments (other than Restricted Investments in any Oncor Subsidiary or Successor Oncor Business) made by EFIH or its Restricted Subsidiaries after the Closing Date and repurchases and redemptions of such Restricted Investments from EFIH or its Restricted Subsidiaries and repayments of loans or advances, and releases of guarantees, which constitute Restricted Investments by EFIH or its Restricted Subsidiaries after the Closing Date; or (ii) the sale (other than to EFIH or a Restricted Subsidiary) of the stock of an Unrestricted Subsidiary (other than (x) to the extent the Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary was made by EFIH or a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to clause (7) of the next succeeding paragraph (y) to the extent such Investment constituted a Permitted Investment or (z) an Investment in the Oncor Subsidiaries or any Successor Oncor Business) or a distribution or dividend from an Unrestricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date (other than distributions or dividends from the Oncor Subsidiaries or any Successor Oncor Business, except to the extent such distributions or dividends were received prior to the Issue Date and exceeded the aggregate amount of Investments in the Oncor Subsidiaries then outstanding under clauses (7) and (11) of the next succeeding paragraph and clauses (8) and (13) of the definition of “Permitted Investments”; and to the extent that the amount of such distributions or dividends did not exceed such aggregate amount of Investments then outstanding under such clauses, the amount of such Investments then outstanding under any of such clauses shall be reduced by the amount of such distributions or dividends received); plus (e) in the case of the redesignation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary (other than the Oncor Subsidiaries or any Successor Oncor Business) as a Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date, the fair market value of the Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary, as determined by EFIH in good faith (or if such fair market value exceeds $200.0 million, in writing by an Independent Financial Advisor), at the time of the redesignation of such Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary other than to the extent the Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary was made by EFIH or a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to clause (7) of the next succeeding paragraph or to the extent such Investment constituted a Permitted Investment. 45 Table of Contents The foregoing provisions will not prohibit: (1) the payment of any dividend within 60 days after the date of declaration thereof, if at the date of declaration such payment would have complied with the provisions of the Indenture; (2) (a) the redemption, repurchase, retirement or other acquisition of any Equity Interests (“ Treasury Capital Stock ”) or Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer or a Guarantor or any Equity Interests of any direct or indirect parent company of EFIH, in exchange for, or out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale (other than to a Restricted Subsidiary) of, Equity Interests of EFIH or any direct or indirect parent company of EFIH to the extent contributed to the capital of EFIH (in each case, other than any Disqualified Stock) (“ Refunding Capital Stock ”) and (b) if immediately prior to the retirement of Treasury Capital Stock, the declaration and payment of dividends thereon was permitted under clause (6) of this paragraph, the declaration and payment of dividends on the Refunding Capital Stock (other than Refunding Capital Stock the proceeds of which were used to redeem, repurchase, retire or otherwise acquire any Equity Interests of any direct or indirect parent company of EFIH) in an aggregate amount per year no greater than the aggregate amount of dividends per annum that were declarable and payable on such Treasury Capital Stock immediately prior to such retirement; (3) the redemption, repurchase or other acquisition or retirement of Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuer or a Guarantor made in exchange for, or out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale of, new Indebtedness of the Issuer or a Guarantor, as the case may be, which is incurred in compliance with the covenant described under “—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock” so long as: (a) the principal amount (or accreted value) of such new Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount of (or accreted value, if applicable), plus any accrued and unpaid interest on, the Subordinated Indebtedness being so redeemed, repurchased, acquired or retired for value, plus the amount of any reasonable premium (including reasonable tender premiums), defeasance costs and any reasonable fees and expenses incurred in connection with the issuance of such new Indebtedness; (b) such new Indebtedness is subordinated to the Notes or the applicable Guarantee at least to the same extent as such Subordinated Indebtedness so purchased, exchanged, redeemed, repurchased, acquired or retired for value; (c) such new Indebtedness has a final scheduled maturity date equal to or later than the final scheduled maturity date of the Subordinated Indebtedness being so redeemed, repurchased, acquired or retired; and (d) such new Indebtedness has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity equal to or greater than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Subordinated Indebtedness being so redeemed, repurchased, acquired or retired; (4) a Restricted Payment to pay for the repurchase, retirement or other acquisition or retirement for value of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of EFIH or any of its direct or indirect parent companies held by any future, present or former employee, director or consultant of EFIH, any of its Subsidiaries or any of its direct or indirect parent companies pursuant to any management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement, including any Equity Interests rolled over by management of EFIH or any of its direct or indirect parent companies in connection with the Transactions; provided , however , that the aggregate Restricted Payments made under this clause (4) do not exceed in any calendar year $25.0 million (which shall increase to $50.0 million subsequent to the consummation of an underwritten public Equity Offering by EFIH or any direct or indirect parent entity of EFIH) (with unused amounts in any calendar year being carried over to succeeding calendar years subject to a maximum (without giving effect to the following proviso) of $75.0 million in any calendar year (which shall increase to $150.0 million subsequent to the consummation of an underwritten public Equity Offering by EFIH or any direct or indirect parent entity of EFIH)); provided , further that such amount in any calendar year may be increased by an amount not to exceed: (a) the cash proceeds from the sale of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of EFIH and, to the extent contributed to EFIH, Equity Interests of any of EFIH’s direct or indirect parent companies, in each case to members of management, directors or consultants of EFIH, any of its Subsidiaries or any of its direct or indirect parent companies that occurs after the Closing Date, to the extent the cash proceeds from the sale of such Equity Interests have not otherwise been applied to the payment of Restricted Payments by virtue of clause (3) of the preceding paragraph; plus 46 Table of Contents (b) the cash proceeds of key man life insurance policies received by EFIH or its Restricted Subsidiaries after the Closing Date; less (c) the amount of any Restricted Payments previously made with the cash proceeds described in clauses (a) and (b) of this clause (4); and provided , further that cancellation of Indebtedness owing to EFIH or any Restricted Subsidiary from members of management of EFIH, any of EFIH’s direct or indirect parent companies or any of EFIH’s Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with a repurchase of Equity Interests of EFIH or any of its direct or indirect parent companies will not be deemed to constitute a Restricted Payment for purposes of this covenant or any other provision of the Indenture; (5) the declaration and payment of dividends to holders of any class or series of Disqualified Stock of EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any class or series of Preferred Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary issued in accordance with the covenant described under “—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock” to the extent such dividends are included in the definition of “Fixed Charges”; (6) (a) the declaration and payment of dividends to holders of any class or series of Designated Preferred Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) issued by EFIH after the Closing Date; (b) the declaration and payment of dividends to a direct or indirect parent company of EFIH, the proceeds of which will be used to fund the payment of dividends to holders of any class or series of Designated Preferred Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of such parent corporation issued after the Closing Date; provided that the amount of dividends paid pursuant to this clause (b) shall not exceed the aggregate amount of cash actually contributed to EFIH from the sale of such Designated Preferred Stock; or (c) the declaration and payment of dividends on Refunding Capital Stock that is Preferred Stock in excess of the dividends declarable and payable thereon pursuant to clause (2) of this paragraph; provided , however , in the case of each of (a) and (c) of this clause (6), that for the most recently ended four full fiscal quarters for which internal financial statements are available immediately preceding the date of issuance of such Designated Preferred Stock or the declaration of such dividends on Refunding Capital Stock that is Preferred Stock, after giving effect to such issuance or declaration on a pro forma basis, the Restricted Payment Coverage Ratio for the most recently ended four fiscal quarters for which internal financial statements are available immediately preceding the date of such Restricted Payment would have been at least 2.00 to 1.00; (7) Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries having an aggregate fair market value (with the fair market value of each Investment being measured at the time made and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value), taken together with all other Investments made pursuant to this clause (7) that are at the time outstanding, without giving effect to the sale of an Unrestricted Subsidiary to the extent the proceeds of such sale do not consist of cash or marketable securities, not to exceed (A) 1.5% of Total Assets at the time of such Investment and (B) to the extent invested in any of the Oncor Subsidiaries or any Successor Oncor Business, $500.0 million; (8) repurchases of Equity Interests deemed to occur upon exercise of stock options or warrants if such Equity Interests represent a portion of the exercise price of such options or warrants; 47 Table of Contents (9) the declaration and payment of dividends on EFIH’s common stock or membership interests (or the payment of dividends to any direct or indirect parent entity to fund a payment of dividends on such entity’s common stock), following consummation of the first public offering of EFIH’s common stock or the common stock of any of its direct or indirect parent companies after the Closing Date, of up to 6% per annum of the net cash proceeds received by or contributed to EFIH in or from any such public offering, other than public offerings with respect to EFIH’s common stock registered on Form S-4 or Form S-8 and other than any public sale constituting an Excluded Contribution; (10) Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount equal to the amount of Excluded Contributions; (11) (A) other Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount taken together with all other Restricted Payments made pursuant to this clause (11)(A) not to exceed $100.0 million; and (B) the making of Intercompany Loans to EFH Corp. so long as EFIH is a Subsidiary of EFH Corp. in amounts required (after taking into account any funds received by EFH Corp. from its other Subsidiaries after the Issue Date for such purpose) for EFH Corp. to pay, in each case without duplication, (1) interest when due on the Existing EFH Corp. Notes (other than any Existing EFH Corp. Notes then held by EFIH), the EFH Corp. Notes and any Indebtedness incurred to replace, refund or refinance any such debt and (2) any Optional Interest Repayment (as defined in the 2017 Notes) or any similar payments on Indebtedness incurred to replace, refund or refinance such Indebtedness; provided that in connection with any such replacement, refunding or refinancing under this clause (2), the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness is not increased (except by an amount equal to accrued interest, fees and expenses payable in connection therewith); (12) distributions or payments of Receivables Fees; (13) any Restricted Payment made as part of or in connection with the Transactions (including payments made after the Closing Date in respect of EFIH’s and its Subsidiaries’ or parent companies’ long- term incentive plan or in respect of tax gross-ups or other deferred compensation) and the fees and expenses related thereto or used to fund amounts owed to Affiliates (including dividends to any direct or indirect parent of EFIH to permit payment by such parent of such amount), in each case to the extent permitted by the covenant described under “—Transactions with Affiliates”; (14) the repurchase, redemption or other acquisition or retirement for value of any Subordinated Indebtedness in accordance with the provisions similar to those described under “—Repurchase at the Option of Holders—Change of Control” and “—Repurchase at the Option of Holders—Asset Sales”; provided that all Notes tendered by Holders in connection with a Change of Control Offer, Asset Sale Offer or Collateral Asset Sale Offer, as applicable, have been repurchased, redeemed or acquired for value; (15) the declaration and payment of dividends or distributions by EFIH to, or the making of loans to, any direct or indirect parent company in amounts required (after taking into account any funds received by such parent company from its other Subsidiaries after the Issue Date for such purpose) for any direct or indirect parent companies to pay, in each case without duplication, (a) franchise and excise taxes and other fees, taxes and expenses required to maintain their corporate existence; (b) foreign, federal, state and local income taxes, to the extent such income taxes are attributable to the income of EFIH and its Restricted Subsidiaries and, to the extent of the amount actually received from its Unrestricted Subsidiaries; provided that in each case the amount of such payments in any fiscal year does not exceed the amount that EFIH and its Subsidiaries would be required to pay in respect of foreign, federal, state and local taxes for such fiscal year were EFIH, its Restricted Subsidiaries and its Unrestricted Subsidiaries (to the extent described above) to pay such taxes separately from any such parent entity; 48 Table of Contents (c) customary salary, bonus and other benefits payable to officers and employees of any direct or indirect parent company of EFIH to the extent such salaries, bonuses and other benefits are attributable to the ownership or operation of EFIH and its Subsidiaries; (d) general corporate operating and overhead costs and expenses of any direct or indirect parent company of EFIH to the extent such costs and expenses are attributable to the ownership or operation of EFIH and its Subsidiaries; (e) fees and expenses other than to Affiliates of EFIH related to any unsuccessful equity or debt offering of such parent entity; (16) Restricted Payments to EFH Corp. with the Net Proceeds from Asset Sales to be used by EFH Corp. to repay or prepay Indebtedness of EFH Corp. that is guaranteed by EFIH and constitutes Parity Lien Debt, to the extent the repayment or prepayment of such Indebtedness is permitted by the second or sixth paragraph of, or an Asset Sale Offer or a Collateral Asset Sale Offer made in accordance with, the covenant described under “—Repurchase at Option of Holders—Asset Sales”; (17) Restricted Payments in the form of a dividend to EFH Corp. (so long as EFIH is a Subsidiary of EFH Corp.) of (a) any Existing EFH Corp. Notes or Indebtedness of TCEH received by EFIH (i) in exchange for the Notes in the Exchange Offer or otherwise contributed to it or (ii) in exchange for Indebtedness of EFH Corp. or TCEH received in exchange for the Notes in the Exchange Offer or otherwise contributed to it, or (b) any Indebtedness of EFH Corp. or its Subsidiaries existing on the Issue Date received by EFIH in exchange for Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Guarantor permitted to be incurred under clause (2) of the second paragraph under “—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock,” in each case, including any payments received from the applicable obligor thereon to the extent such payments are excluded when calculating Consolidated Net Income; (18) Restricted Payments to EFH Corp. (so long as EFIH is a Subsidiary of EFH Corp.) in an aggregate amount not to exceed EFH Corp.’s Ratable Portion of Oncor Dividends to the extent such dividends have not been used by EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to make a Restricted Payment pursuant to the first paragraph of this covenant; provided that the proceeds of such Restricted Payments are used by EFH Corp. to pay interest on the Existing EFH Corp. Notes, the EFH Corp. Notes, any Parity Lien Debt of EFH Corp. or any refinancings thereof; (19) guarantees of Indebtedness of EFH Corp. to the extent permitted to be incurred under clause (2) of the second paragraph under “—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock”; or (20) Restricted Payments in the form of a dividend to EFH Corp. from the cash collateral account established to hold Net Proceeds from Asset Sales of Collateral or other Oncor-related Assets in accordance with the sixth paragraph of the covenant described under “—Repurchase at the Option of Holders—Asset Sales,” solely to fund scheduled interest payments when due and payable on Indebtedness of EFH Corp. that is guaranteed by EFIH and constitutes Parity Lien Debt; provided that any individual Restricted Payment made pursuant to this clause (20) may not exceed the amount of the next scheduled interest payment on such Parity Lien Debt of EFH Corp. and that proceeds from such cash collateral account are being applied pro rata to make scheduled interest payments on Parity Lien Debt of EFIH. provided , however , that at the time of, and after giving effect to, any Restricted Payment permitted under clauses (7), (11) and (18), no Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would occur as a consequence thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, the spin-off by EFH Corp. of the Equity Interests of EFIH in a Permitted Asset Transfer would not be a Restricted Payment. 49 Table of Contents On the date of this prospectus, all of EFIH’s Subsidiaries (including the Oncor Subsidiaries) are Unrestricted Subsidiaries other than EFIH Finance. EFIH will not permit any Unrestricted Subsidiary to become a Restricted Subsidiary except pursuant to the penultimate paragraph of the definition of “Unrestricted Subsidiary.” For purposes of designating any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, all outstanding Investments by EFIH and its Restricted Subsidiaries (except to the extent repaid) in the Subsidiary so designated will be deemed to be Restricted Payments in an amount determined as set forth in the last sentence of the definition of “Investments.” Such designation will be permitted only if a Restricted Payment in such amount would be permitted at such time, whether pursuant to the first paragraph of this covenant or under clause (7), (10) or (11) of the second paragraph of this covenant, or pursuant to the definition of “Permitted Investments,” and if such Subsidiary otherwise meets the definition of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. Unrestricted Subsidiaries will not be subject to any of the restrictive covenants set forth in the Indenture. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this covenant, EFIH will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, pay any cash dividend or make any cash distribution to EFH Corp. or in respect of EFIH’s Capital Stock or purchase for cash or otherwise acquire for cash any Capital Stock of EFIH or any direct or indirect parent of EFIH for the purpose of paying any cash dividend or making any cash distribution to, or acquiring Capital Stock of any direct or indirect parent of EFIH for cash from, the Investors, or guarantee any Indebtedness of any Affiliate of EFIH for the purpose of paying such dividend, making such distribution or so acquiring such Capital Stock to or from the Investors, in each case by means of utilization of the cumulative Restricted Payment credit provided by the first paragraph of this covenant, or the exceptions provided by clauses (1), (7) or (11) of the second paragraph of this covenant or clauses (8), (10) or (13) of the definition of “Permitted Investments,” unless (x) at the time and after giving effect to such payment, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio of EFIH would be equal to or less than 6.00 to 1.00 prior to a Permitted Asset Transfer and 7.00 to 1.00 after a Permitted Asset Transfer and (y) such payment is otherwise in compliance with this covenant. Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock EFIH will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, issue, assume, guarantee or otherwise become directly or indirectly liable, contingently or otherwise (collectively, “ incur ” and collectively, an “ incurrence ”) with respect to any Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness), and EFIH will not issue any shares of Disqualified Stock and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to issue any shares of Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock; provided , however , that EFIH may incur Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness) or issue shares of Disqualified Stock, and any of its Restricted Subsidiaries may incur Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness), issue shares of Disqualified Stock and issue shares of Preferred Stock, if the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio on a consolidated basis for EFIH and its Restricted Subsidiaries’ most recently ended four fiscal quarters for which internal financial statements are available immediately preceding the date on which such additional Indebtedness is incurred or such Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock is issued would have been at least 2.00 to 1.00, determined on a pro forma basis (including a pro forma application of the net proceeds therefrom), as if the additional Indebtedness had been incurred, or the Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock had been issued, as the case may be, and the application of proceeds therefrom had occurred at the beginning of such four-quarter period. The foregoing limitations will not apply to: (1) the incurrence of Indebtedness under Credit Facilities by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and the issuance and creation of letters of credit and bankers’ acceptances thereunder (with letters of credit and bankers’ acceptances being deemed to have a principal amount equal to the face amount thereof), up to an aggregate principal amount of $750.0 million outstanding at any one time; (2) the incurrence (v) by the Issuer or any Guarantor of Indebtedness represented by the Notes issued on the Issue Date, (w) by EFIH of the guarantees of the EFH Corp. Notes issued on the Issue Date, (x) by the Issuer or any Guarantor of any Additional Notes (including any guarantees thereof) to be issued after the Issue Date or of any guarantee of any additional EFH Corp. Notes to be issued after the Issue Date, (y) by the Issuer or any Guarantor of any other Indebtedness and (z) by the Issuer of the EFH Corp. Notes or any other Parity Lien Debt of EFH Corp. in the event it is assumed by the Issuer in connection with a Permitted Asset Transfer; provided that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness incurred under this clause (2), together with refinancings thereof, shall not exceed $4.0 billion; and provided , further that the aggregate amount of Indebtedness that may be incurred under this clause (2) shall be reduced by an amount equal to the amount of Parity Lien Debt repaid using the Net Proceeds from Asset Sales of Collateral or other Oncor-related Assets in accordance with the covenant described under “—Repurchase at the Option of Holders—Asset Sales”; 50 Table of Contents (3) Indebtedness represented by the guarantee by EFIH of (i) Indebtedness of EFH Corp. in existence on the Issue Date (other than Indebtedness described in clauses (1) and (2)), including its guarantees of the Existing EFH Corp. Notes (including any PIK interest which may be paid with respect thereto and guarantees thereof) and (ii) additional Indebtedness of EFH Corp. incurred after the Issue Date (other than Indebtedness described in clauses (1) and (2)) up to an aggregate principal amount of $3.0 billion outstanding at any one time; (4) Indebtedness consisting of Capitalized Lease Obligations and Purchase Money Obligations, so long as such Indebtedness (except Environmental CapEx Debt) exists at the date of such purchase, lease or improvement, or is created within 270 days thereafter; (5) Indebtedness incurred by EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries constituting reimbursement obligations with respect to letters of credit issued in the ordinary course of business, including letters of credit in respect of workers’ compensation or employee health claims, or other Indebtedness with respect to reimbursement-type obligations regarding workers’ compensation or employee health claims; provided, however, that upon the drawing of such letters of credit or the incurrence of such Indebtedness, such obligations are reimbursed within 30 days following such drawing or incurrence; (6) Indebtedness arising from agreements of EFIH or its Restricted Subsidiaries providing for indemnification, adjustment of purchase price or similar obligations, in each case, incurred or assumed in connection with the disposition of any business, assets or a Subsidiary, other than guarantees of Indebtedness incurred by any Person acquiring all or any portion of such business, assets or a Subsidiary for the purpose of financing such acquisition; provided , however , that such Indebtedness is not reflected on the balance sheet of EFIH, or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (contingent obligations referred to in a footnote to financial statements and not otherwise reflected on the balance sheet will not be deemed to be reflected on such balance sheet for purposes of this clause (6)); (7) Indebtedness of EFIH to a Restricted Subsidiary or (so long as EFIH is a Subsidiary of EFH Corp.) to EFH Corp. or any of its restricted Subsidiaries, (a) to the extent the proceeds of any such Indebtedness to EFH Corp. or any of its restricted Subsidiaries is used by EFIH to pay principal and interest on its Indebtedness or to make Investments in any Oncor Subsidiary or any Successor Oncor Business and (b) to the extent such Indebtedness to EFH Corp. or its restricted Subsidiaries refinances Indebtedness of EFIH, such refinancing Indebtedness has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity which is not less than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Indebtedness being refinanced; provided that any such Indebtedness is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Notes; provided , further , that any subsequent issuance or transfer of any Capital Stock or any other event which results in any Restricted Subsidiary ceasing to be a Restricted Subsidiary (or, in the case of Indebtedness to EFH Corp or any of its restricted Subsidiaries, EFIH ceasing to be a Subsidiary of EFH Corp.) or any other subsequent transfer of any such Indebtedness (except to EFIH or another Restricted Subsidiary) shall be deemed, in each case, to be an incurrence of such Indebtedness not permitted by this clause (7); (8) Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary to EFIH or another Restricted Subsidiary or if such Restricted Subsidiary is a Guarantor (so long as EFIH is a Subsidiary of EFH Corp.), to EFH Corp. or any of its restricted Subsidiaries, (a) to the extent the proceeds of such Indebtedness to EFH Corp. or its restricted Subsidiaries are used by EFIH to pay principal and interest on its Indebtedness or to make Investments in any Oncor Subsidiary or any Successor Oncor Business and (b) to the extent such Indebtedness refinances Indebtedness of EFIH, such refinancing Indebtedness has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity which is not less than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Indebtedness being refinanced; provided that if a Guarantor incurs such Indebtedness, such Indebtedness is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Guarantee of the Notes of such Guarantor; provided , further , that any subsequent issuance or transfer of any Capital Stock or any other event which results in any Restricted Subsidiary ceasing to be a Restricted Subsidiary (or, in the case of Indebtedness to EFH Corp. or any of its restricted Subsidiaries, EFIH ceasing to be a Subsidiary of EFH Corp.) or any other subsequent transfer of any such Indebtedness (except to EFIH or another Restricted Subsidiary) shall be deemed, in each case, to be an incurrence of such Indebtedness not permitted by this clause (8); 51 Table of Contents (9) shares of Preferred Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary issued to EFIH or another Restricted Subsidiary or if such Restricted Subsidiary is a Guarantor (so long as EFIH is a Subsidiary of EFH Corp.), to EFH Corp. or any of its restricted Subsidiaries, (a) to the extent that the proceeds of such Preferred Stock issued to EFH Corp. or its Restricted Subsidiaries are used by EFIH to pay principal and interest on its Indebtedness or to make Investments in any Oncor Subsidiary or any Successor Oncor Business and (b) to the extent such Preferred Stock refinances Indebtedness of EFIH, such Preferred Stock has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity which is not less than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Indebtedness being refinanced; provided that any subsequent issuance or transfer of any Capital Stock or any other event which results in any such Restricted Subsidiary ceasing to be a Restricted Subsidiary (or, in the case of Preferred Stock issued to EFH Corp or any of its restricted Subsidiaries, EFIH ceasing to be a Subsidiary of EFH Corp.) or any other subsequent transfer of any such shares of Preferred Stock (except to EFIH or another of its Restricted Subsidiaries) shall be deemed in each case to be an issuance of such shares of Preferred Stock not permitted by this clause (9); (10) Hedging Obligations; provided that such Hedging Obligations are not entered into for speculative purposes (as determined by EFIH in its reasonable discretion acting in good faith); (11) obligations in respect of performance, bid, appeal and surety bonds and completion guarantees provided by EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; (12) (a) Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock of EFIH and Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of EFIH or any Restricted Subsidiary equal to 100.0% of the net cash proceeds received by EFIH since immediately after the Closing Date from the issue or sale of Equity Interests of EFIH or cash contributed to the capital of EFIH (in each case, other than Excluded Contributions or proceeds of Disqualified Stock or sales of Equity Interests to EFIH or any of its Subsidiaries) as determined in accordance with clauses (3)(b) and (3)(c) of the first paragraph of “—Limitation on Restricted Payments” to the extent such net cash proceeds or cash have not been applied pursuant to such clauses to make Restricted Payments or to make other Investments, payments or exchanges pursuant to the second paragraph of “—Limitation on Restricted Payments” or to make Permitted Investments (other than Permitted Investments specified in clauses (1) and (3) of the definition thereof) and (b) Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock of EFIH and Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary not otherwise permitted hereunder in an aggregate principal amount or liquidation preference, which when aggregated with the principal amount and liquidation preference of all other Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock then outstanding and incurred pursuant to this clause (12)(b), does not at any one time outstanding exceed $250.0 million (it being understood that any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred pursuant to this clause (12)(b) shall cease to be deemed incurred or outstanding for purposes of this clause (12)(b) but shall be deemed incurred for the purposes of the first paragraph of this covenant from and after the first date on which EFIH or such Restricted Subsidiary could have incurred such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock under the first paragraph of this covenant without reliance on this clause (12)(b)); (13) the incurrence or issuance by EFIH or any Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock which serves to refund or refinance any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of EFIH or any Restricted Subsidiary incurred as permitted under the first paragraph of this covenant and clauses (2), (3), (4) and (12)(a) above, this clause (13) and clause (14) below or any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of EFIH or any Restricted Subsidiary issued to so refund or refinance such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of EFIH or any Restricted Subsidiary including additional Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred to pay premiums (including reasonable tender premiums), defeasance costs and fees in connection therewith (the “ Refinancing Indebtedness ”) prior to its respective maturity; provided , however , that such Refinancing Indebtedness: (a) has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity at the time such Refinancing Indebtedness is incurred which is not less than the remaining Weighted Average Life to Maturity of the Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock being refunded or refinanced, 52 Table of Contents (b) to the extent such Refinancing Indebtedness refinances (i) Indebtedness subordinated or pari passu to the Notes or any Guarantee thereof, such Refinancing Indebtedness is subordinated or pari passu to the Notes or the Guarantee at least to the same extent as the Indebtedness being refinanced or refunded or (ii) Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, such Refinancing Indebtedness must be Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, respectively, and (c) shall not include Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of a Subsidiary of EFIH that is not a Guarantor that refinances Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of EFIH or a Guarantor; and, provided , further that subclause (a) of this clause (13) will not apply to any refunding or refinancing of any Obligations under Credit Facilities secured by Permitted Liens; and, provided , further that with respect to any pollution control revenue bonds or similar instruments, the maturity of any series thereof shall be deemed to be the date set forth in any instrument governing such Indebtedness for the remarketing of such Indebtedness; (14) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of (x) EFIH or a Restricted Subsidiary incurred to finance an acquisition or (y) Persons that are acquired by EFIH or any Restricted Subsidiary or merged into EFIH or a Restricted Subsidiary in accordance with the terms of the Indenture; provided that after giving effect to such acquisition or merger, either (a) EFIH would be permitted to incur at least $1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio test set forth in the first sentence of this covenant or (b) such Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of EFIH and the Restricted Subsidiaries is greater than immediately prior to such acquisition or merger; (15) Indebtedness arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or similar instrument drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary course of business; provided that such Indebtedness is extinguished within two Business Days of its incurrence; (16) Indebtedness of EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries supported by a letter of credit issued pursuant to any Credit Facilities, in a principal amount not in excess of the stated amount of such letter of credit; (17) (a) any guarantee by EFIH or a Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness or other obligations of any Restricted Subsidiary, so long as the incurrence of such Indebtedness incurred by such Restricted Subsidiary is permitted under the terms of the Indenture, or (b) any guarantee by a Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness of EFIH; provided that such guarantee is incurred in accordance with the covenant described under “—Limitation on Guarantees of Indebtedness by Restricted Subsidiaries”; (18) Indebtedness of EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries consisting of (i) the financing of insurance premiums or (ii) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements, in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business; and (19) Indebtedness consisting of Indebtedness issued by EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to current or former officers, directors and employees thereof or of any direct or indirect parent company of EFIH, their respective estates, spouses or former spouses, in each case to finance the purchase or redemption of Equity Interests of EFIH or any direct or indirect parent company of EFIH to the extent described in clause (4) of the second paragraph under “—Limitation on Restricted Payments.” 53 Table of Contents For purposes of determining compliance with this covenant: (1) in the event that an item of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock (or any portion thereof) meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of permitted Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock described in clauses (1) through (19) above or is entitled to be incurred pursuant to the first paragraph of this covenant, EFIH, in its sole discretion, will classify or reclassify such item of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock (or any portion thereof) and will only be required to include the amount and type of such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock in one of the above clauses; and (2) at the time of incurrence, EFIH will be entitled to divide and classify an item of Indebtedness in more than one of the types of Indebtedness described in the first and second paragraphs above. Accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value and the payment of interest in the form of additional Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock will not be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock for purposes of this covenant. For purposes of determining compliance with any U.S. dollar-denominated restriction on the incurrence of Indebtedness, the U.S. dollar-equivalent principal amount of Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency shall be calculated based on the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date such Indebtedness was incurred, in the case of term debt, or first committed, in the case of revolving credit debt; provided that if such Indebtedness is incurred to refinance other Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency, and such refinancing would cause the applicable U.S. dollar-denominated restriction to be exceeded if calculated at the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date of such refinancing, such U.S. dollar-denominated restriction shall be deemed not to have been exceeded so long as the principal amount of such refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount of such Indebtedness being refinanced. The principal amount of any Indebtedness incurred to refinance other Indebtedness, if incurred in a different currency from the Indebtedness being refinanced, shall be calculated based on the currency exchange rate applicable to the currencies in which such respective Indebtedness is denominated that is in effect on the date of such refinancing. The Indenture provides that EFIH will not, and will not permit EFIH Finance or any Guarantor to, directly or indirectly, incur any Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness) that is subordinated or junior in right of payment to any Indebtedness of EFIH, EFIH Finance or such Guarantor, as the case may be, unless such Indebtedness is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Notes or such Guarantor’s Guarantee to the extent and in the same manner as such Indebtedness is subordinated to other Indebtedness of EFIH, EFIH Finance or such Guarantor, as the case may be. The Indenture does not treat (1) unsecured Indebtedness as subordinated or junior to Secured Indebtedness merely because it is unsecured or (2) Senior Indebtedness as subordinated or junior to any other Senior Indebtedness merely because it has a junior priority with respect to the same collateral. Liens EFIH will not, and will not permit EFIH Finance or any Guarantor that is a Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien (except Permitted Liens) that secures obligations under any Indebtedness or any related guarantee, on any asset or property of the Issuer or any Guarantor that is a Restricted Subsidiary, or any income or profits therefrom, or assign or convey any right to receive income therefrom, unless: (1) in the case of Liens securing Subordinated Indebtedness, the Notes and any related Guarantees are secured by a Lien on such property, assets or proceeds that is senior in priority to such Liens; or (2) in all other cases, the Notes or any Guarantees are equally and ratably secured or are secured by a Lien on such property, assets or proceeds that is senior in priority to such Liens; 54 Table of Contents except that the foregoing shall not apply to (a) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to clause (2) or clause (3) (ii) of the second paragraph under “—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock”; provided that the Notes or any related Guarantee are secured on at least an equal and ratable basis as such Indebtedness, (b) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted to be incurred under Credit Facilities, including any letter of credit relating thereto, that was permitted by the terms of the Indenture to be incurred pursuant to clause (1) of the second paragraph under “—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock” and (c) Liens incurred to secure Obligations in respect of any Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to the covenant described under “—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock”; provided that, with respect to Liens securing Obligations permitted under this subclause (c), at the time of incurrence and after giving pro forma effect thereto, the Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio for the most recently ended four full fiscal quarters for which internal financial statements are available immediately preceding the date on which such event for which such calculation is being made shall occur would be no greater than 5.0 to 1.0. Any Lien which is granted to secure the Notes under this covenant shall be discharged at the same time as the discharge of the Lien (other than through the exercise of remedies with respect thereto) that gave rise to the obligation to so secure the Notes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, EFIH will not, directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on the Collateral (other than a Permitted Lien described under clause (3) of the definition of “Permitted Liens”), or any income or profits therefrom, or assign or convey any right to receive income therefrom except: (1) Liens on the Collateral securing up to $4.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of Parity Lien Debt (including the Notes, any Additional Notes, the EFH Corp. Notes, any additional EFH Corp. Notes and any guarantees of any of the foregoing and/or other Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the covenant described under “—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock”); provided that such amount shall be reduced by an amount equal to the amount of Parity Lien Debt repaid using the Net Proceeds from Asset Sales of Collateral or other Oncor-related Assets in accordance with the covenant described under “—Repurchase at the Option of Holders—Asset Sales”; and (2) Junior Liens on the Collateral securing Junior Lien Debt permitted to be incurred pursuant to the covenant described under “—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock.” Merger, Consolidation or Sale of All or Substantially All Assets EFIH may not consolidate or merge with or into or wind up into (whether or not EFIH is the surviving corporation), or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its properties or assets, in one or more related transactions, to any Person unless: (1) EFIH is the surviving corporation or the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation, wind-up or merger (if other than EFIH) or to which such sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition will have been made is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or trust organized or existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of organization of EFIH or the laws of the United States, any state thereof, the District of Columbia, or any territory thereof (such Person, as the case may be, being herein called the “ Successor Company ”); (2) the Successor Company, if other than EFIH, and, to the extent the Successor Company is not a corporation, a Subsidiary of such Successor Company that is a co-obligor and a corporation organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state of the United States, the District of Columbia or any territory thereof, expressly assumes all the obligations of EFIH under the Notes, the Indenture and the Security Documents, to the extent EFIH is a party thereto, pursuant to a supplemental indenture or other document or instrument in form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee; provided that in the case of a merger of EFIH with and into EFH Corp., such supplemental indenture shall amend the definitions, covenants, events of default and other terms of the Indenture such that the amended terms shall be substantially similar to those of the EFH Corp. Notes and the EFH Corp. Notes Indenture; (3) immediately after such transaction, no Default exists; 55 Table of Contents (4) immediately after giving pro forma effect to such transaction and any related financing transactions (including, without limitation, any transaction the proceeds of which are applied to reduce the Indebtedness of the Successor Company or the Issuer, as the case may be), as if such transactions had occurred at the beginning of the applicable four-quarter period, (a) the Successor Company would be permitted to incur at least $1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio test set forth in the first sentence of the covenant described under “—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock,” or (b) such Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the Successor Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries would be greater than such ratio for EFIH and its Restricted Subsidiaries immediately prior to such transaction; (5) in connection with a Permitted Asset Transfer other than a merger of EFIH with and into EFH Corp., the rating on the Notes shall not have been downgraded by two or more of the Rating Agencies (or, if the Notes are rated by only one Rating Agency at the time of the first notice of such Permitted Asset Transfer, such Rating Agency) during the period commencing 30 days prior to the first public notice of the occurrence of a Permitted Asset Transfer or the intention of the Issuer or any Subsidiary thereof to effect a Permitted Asset Transfer and ending on the date 60 days after such notice relative to the rating at the start of such period; (6) each Guarantor, unless it is the other party to the transactions described above, in which case clause (1)(b) of the second succeeding paragraph shall apply, shall have by a supplemental indenture confirmed that its Guarantee and any Security Documents to which it is a party shall apply to such Person’s obligations under the Indenture and the Notes; and (7) EFIH shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that such consolidation, wind-up, merger or transfer and such supplemental indenture, if any, comply with the Indenture and, if a supplemental indenture is required in connection with such transaction, such supplemental indenture shall comply with the applicable provisions of the Indenture; provided , for the purposes of this covenant only, a transaction meeting the requirements of the proviso to clause (1) under the definition of “Change of Control” will not be deemed to be a sale, assignment, transfer conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of EFIH and its Subsidiaries. For the avoidance of doubt, EFIH may consummate a transaction meeting the requirements of the proviso to clause (1) under the definition of “Change of Control” without complying with this “Merger, Consolidation or Sale of All or Substantially All Assets” covenant, and the determination in the preceding proviso shall not affect the determination of what constitutes all or substantially all the assets of EFIH and its Subsidiaries under any other agreement to which EFIH is a party. The Successor Company will succeed to, and be substituted for, EFIH under the Indenture and the Notes. Notwithstanding clauses (3) and (4) of the first paragraph of this “Merger, Consolidation or Sale of All or Substantially All Assets” covenant, (1) any Restricted Subsidiary may consolidate with or merge into or transfer all or part of its properties and assets to EFIH, and (2) EFIH may merge with an Affiliate of EFIH solely for the purpose of reincorporating EFIH in a State of the United States, the District of Columbia or any territory thereof so long as the amount of Indebtedness of EFIH and its Restricted Subsidiaries is not increased thereby. Subject to certain limitations described in the Indenture governing release of a Guarantee upon the sale, disposition or transfer of a Guarantor, no Guarantor will, and EFIH will not permit any Guarantor to, consolidate or merge with or into or wind up into (whether or not EFIH or Guarantor is the surviving corporation), or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its properties or assets, in one or more related transactions, to any Person unless: (1) (a) such Guarantor is the surviving corporation or the Person formed by or surviving any such consolidation, wind-up or merger (if other than such Guarantor) or to which such sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition will have been made is a corporation, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability corporation or trust organized or existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of organization of such Guarantor, as the case may be, or the laws of the United States, any state thereof, the District of Columbia, or any territory thereof (such Guarantor or such Person, as the case may be, being herein called the “ Successor Person ”); 56 Table of Contents (b) the Successor Person, if other than such Guarantor, expressly assumes all the obligations of such Guarantor under the Indenture and such Guarantor’s related Guarantee and any Security Documents to which such Guarantor is a party pursuant to supplemental indentures or other documents or instruments in form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee; (c) immediately after such transaction, no Default exists; and (d) EFIH shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that such consolidation, wind-up, merger or transfer and such supplemental indentures, if any, comply with the Indenture; or (2) the transaction is made in compliance with the covenant described under “—Repurchase at the Option of Holders—Asset Sales.” Subject to certain limitations described in the Indenture, the Successor Person will succeed to, and be substituted for, such Guarantor under the Indenture and such Guarantor’s Guarantee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Guarantor may (i) merge into or transfer all or part of its properties and assets to another Guarantor or EFIH, (ii) merge with an Affiliate of EFIH solely for the purpose of reincorporating the Guarantor in the United States, any state thereof, the District of Columbia or any territory thereof or (iii) convert into a corporation, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability corporation or trust organized or existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of organization of such Guarantor. EFIH Finance may not consolidate or merge with or into or wind up into (whether or not EFIH Finance is the surviving corporation), or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of EFIH Finance’s properties or assets, in one or more related transactions, to any Person unless: (1) (a) concurrently therewith, a corporate Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of EFIH that is a Restricted Subsidiary organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state thereof, the District of Columbia, or any territory thereof expressly assumes all the obligations of EFIH Finance under the Notes and the Indenture pursuant to a supplemental indenture or other documents or instruments in form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee; or (b) after giving effect thereto, at least one obligor on the Notes shall be a corporation organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state thereof, the District of Columbia, or any territory thereof; and (2) immediately after such transaction, no Default exists; and (3) EFIH Finance shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that such consolidation, wind-up, merger or transfer and such supplemental indenture, if any, comply with the Indenture and, if a supplemental indenture is required in connection with such transaction, such supplement shall comply with the applicable provisions of the Indenture. 57 Table of Contents Restrictions on Certain Investments in Oncor Subsidiaries and the Collateral EFIH will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to hold any Equity Interests in, or Indebtedness of, or other Investments in, any of the Oncor Subsidiaries or any Successor Oncor Business or any other Collateral. EFIH will not permit any Unrestricted Subsidiary to hold any Equity Interests in, or Indebtedness of, or other Investments in, EFIH, and will not permit any Unrestricted Subsidiary to hold any Equity Interests in, or Indebtedness of, or other Investments in, any of the Oncor Subsidiaries or any Successor Oncor Business; provided that an Oncor Subsidiary may hold Equity Interests in, or Indebtedness of, or other Investments in, another Oncor Subsidiary and a Successor Oncor Business may hold Equity Interests in, Indebtedness of, or other Investments in, another Successor Oncor Business. EFIH will not permit any of its Unrestricted Subsidiaries to accept any Investment from any Oncor Subsidiary or any Successor Oncor Business; provided that an Oncor Subsidiary may accept an Investment from another Oncor Subsidiary and a Successor Oncor Business may accept an Investment from another Successor Oncor Business. EFIH will not sell, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of any Collateral, including any consideration (other than cash and Cash Equivalents) received by EFIH in an Asset Sale, including in respect of a Permitted Asset Swap of Collateral, except in connection with a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of EFIH in a manner permitted pursuant to the provisions described under “—Certain Covenants—Merger, Consolidation or Sale of All or Substantially All Assets” or pursuant to an Asset Sale that complies with the provisions of the covenant described under “—Repurchase at the Option of Holders—Asset Sales” pertaining to an Asset Sale of Collateral. Transactions with Affiliates EFIH will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, make any payment to, or sell, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its properties or assets to, or purchase any property or assets from, or enter into or make or amend any transaction, contract, agreement, understanding, loan, advance or guarantee with, or for the benefit of, any Affiliate of EFIH (each of the foregoing, an “ Affiliate Transaction ”) involving aggregate payments or consideration in excess of $25.0 million, unless: (1) such Affiliate Transaction is on terms that are not materially less favorable to EFIH or its relevant Restricted Subsidiary than those that would have been obtained in a comparable transaction by EFIH or such Restricted Subsidiary with an unrelated Person on an arm’s-length basis; and (2) EFIH delivers to the Trustee with respect to any Affiliate Transaction or series of related Affiliate Transactions involving aggregate payments or consideration in excess of $50.0 million, a resolution adopted by the majority of the board of directors of EFIH approving such Affiliate Transaction and set forth in an Officer’s Certificate certifying that such Affiliate Transaction complies with clause (1) above. The foregoing provisions will not apply to the following: (1) transactions (A) between or among EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or between or among EFIH, any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and the Oncor Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business or (B) between or among EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and EFH Corp. or any of its restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; (2) Restricted Payments permitted by the provisions of the Indenture described under “—Limitation on Restricted Payments” and the definition of “Permitted Investments” or to any Permitted Asset Transfer made in accordance with the covenant described under “—Merger, Consolidation or Sale of All or Substantially All Assets” to the extent the agreements with respect to which contain reasonable and customary provisions (as determined by EFIH in good faith); 58 Table of Contents (3) the payment of management, consulting, monitoring and advisory fees and related expenses to the Investors pursuant to the Sponsor Management Agreement (plus any unpaid management, consulting, monitoring and advisory fees and related expenses accrued in any prior year) and the termination fees pursuant to the Sponsor Management Agreement, in each case as in effect on the Issue Date and only to the extent not otherwise paid for with funds (excluding any funds advanced on behalf of EFIH) provided by EFH Corp. or its other Subsidiaries, or any amendment thereto (so long as any such amendment is not disadvantageous in the good faith judgment of the board of directors of EFIH to the Holders when taken as a whole as compared to the Sponsor Management Agreement in effect on the Issue Date); (4) the payment of reasonable and customary fees paid to, and indemnities provided for the benefit of, officers, directors, employees or consultants of EFIH, any of its direct or indirect parent companies or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; (5) transactions in which EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be, delivers to the Trustee a letter from an Independent Financial Advisor stating that such transaction is fair to EFIH or such Restricted Subsidiary from a financial point of view or stating that the terms are not materially less favorable to EFIH or its relevant Restricted Subsidiary than those that would have been obtained in a comparable transaction by EFIH or such Restricted Subsidiary with an unrelated Person on an arm’s-length basis; (6) any agreement as in effect as of the Issue Date, or any amendment thereto (so long as any such amendment is not disadvantageous to the Holders when taken as a whole as compared to the applicable agreement as in effect on the Issue Date); (7) the existence of, or the performance by EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of its obligations under the terms of, any stockholders agreement (including any registration rights agreement or purchase agreement related thereto) to which it is a party as of the Issue Date and any similar agreements which it may enter into thereafter; provided , however , that the existence of, or the performance by EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of obligations under any future amendment to any such existing agreement or under any similar agreement entered into after the Issue Date shall only be permitted by this clause (7) to the extent that the terms of any such amendment or new agreement are not otherwise disadvantageous to the Holders when taken as a whole; (8) the Transactions (including payments made after the Closing Date in respect of EFIH’s and its Subsidiaries’ or parent companies’ long-term incentive plan or in respect of tax gross-ups and other deferred compensation) and the payment of all fees and expenses related to the Transactions; (9) transactions with customers, clients, suppliers, or purchasers or sellers of goods or services, in each case in the ordinary course of business and otherwise in compliance with the terms of the Indenture which are fair to EFIH and its Restricted Subsidiaries, in the reasonable determination of the board of directors of EFIH or the senior management thereof, or are on terms at least as favorable as might reasonably have been obtained at such time from an unaffiliated party; (10) the issuance of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of EFIH to any Permitted Holder or to any director, officer, employee or consultant of EFIH or any of its direct or indirect parent companies; (11) sales of accounts receivable, or participations therein, in connection with any Receivables Facility for the benefit of EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; (12) payments by EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to any of the Investors made for any financial advisory, financing, underwriting or placement services or in respect of other investment banking activities, including, without limitation, in connection with acquisitions or divestitures, which payments are approved by a majority of the board of directors of EFIH in good faith; 59 Table of Contents (13) payments or loans (or cancellation of loans) to employees or consultants of EFIH, any of its direct or indirect parent companies or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and employment agreements, stock option plans and other similar arrangements with such employees or consultants which, in each case, are approved by EFIH in good faith; (14) investments by the Investors in securities of EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries so long as (i) the investment is being offered generally to other investors on the same or more favorable terms and (ii) the investment constitutes less than 5% of the proposed or outstanding issue amount of such class of securities; and (15) payments by EFIH (and any direct or indirect parent thereof) and its Subsidiaries pursuant to tax sharing agreements among EFIH (and any such parent) and its Subsidiaries on customary terms to the extent attributable to the ownership or operation of EFIH and its Subsidiaries; provided that in each case the amount of such payments in any fiscal year does not exceed the amount that EFIH, its Restricted Subsidiaries and its Unrestricted Subsidiaries (to the extent of amounts received from Unrestricted Subsidiaries) would be required to pay in respect of foreign, federal, state and local taxes for such fiscal year were EFIH and its Subsidiaries (to the extent described above) to pay such taxes separately from any such parent entity. Dividend and Other Payment Restrictions Affecting Restricted Subsidiaries EFIH will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Guarantors to, directly or indirectly, create or otherwise cause or suffer to exist or become effective any consensual encumbrance or consensual restriction on the ability of any such Restricted Subsidiary to: (1) (a) pay dividends or make any other distributions to EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries on its Capital Stock or with respect to any other interest or participation in, or measured by, its profits, or (b) pay any Indebtedness owed to EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; (2) make loans or advances to EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; or (3) sell, lease or transfer any of its properties or assets to EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, except (in each case) for such encumbrances or restrictions existing under or by reason of: (a) contractual encumbrances or restrictions in effect on the Issue Date, including pursuant to the Existing EFH Corp. Notes and related documentation; (b) (i) the Indenture, the Notes and the Security Documents and (ii) the EFH Corp. Notes and related documentation (including the related security documents) in effect on the Issue Date; (c) purchase money obligations for property acquired in the ordinary course of business that impose restrictions of the nature discussed in clause (3) above on the property so acquired; (d) applicable law or any applicable rule, regulation or order; (e) any agreement or other instrument of a Person acquired by EFIH or any Restricted Subsidiary in existence at the time of such acquisition (but not created in contemplation thereof), which encumbrance or restriction is not applicable to any Person, or the properties or assets of any Person, other than the Person and its Subsidiaries, or the property or assets of the Person and its Subsidiaries, so acquired; 60 Table of Contents (f) contracts for the sale of assets, including customary restrictions with respect to a Subsidiary of EFIH pursuant to an agreement that has been entered into for the sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the Capital Stock or assets of such Subsidiary; (g) Secured Indebtedness that limits the right of the debtor to dispose of the assets securing such Indebtedness that is otherwise permitted to be incurred pursuant to the covenants described under “—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock” and “—Liens”; (h) restrictions on cash or other deposits or net worth imposed by customers under contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business; (i) (A) other Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of Foreign Subsidiaries permitted to be incurred subsequent to the Issue Date pursuant to the provisions of the covenant described under “—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock” or (B) other Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock permitted to be incurred subsequent to the Issue Date pursuant to the provisions of the covenant described under “—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock” and either (i) the provisions relating to such encumbrance or restriction contained in such Indebtedness are no less favorable to EFIH, taken as a whole, as determined by EFIH in good faith, than the provisions contained in the Indenture, as in effect on the Issue Date or (ii) any such encumbrance or restriction does not prohibit (except upon a default thereunder) the payment of dividends or loans in an amount sufficient, as determined by EFIH in good faith, to make scheduled payments of cash interest of the Notes when due; (j) customary provisions in joint venture agreements and other agreements or arrangements relating solely to such joint venture; (k) customary provisions contained in leases or licenses of intellectual property and other agreements, in each case entered into in the ordinary course of business; (l) any encumbrances or restrictions of the type referred to in clauses (1), (2) and (3) above imposed by any amendments, modifications, restatements, renewals, increases, supplements, refundings, replacements or refinancing of the contracts, instruments or obligations referred to in clauses (a) through (k) above; provided that such amendments, modifications, restatements, renewals, increases, supplements, refundings, replacements or refinancings are, in the good faith judgment of EFIH, no more restrictive with respect to such encumbrance and other restrictions taken as a whole than those prior to such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing; (m) restrictions created in connection with any Receivables Facility for the benefit of EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that, in the good faith determination of EFIH, are necessary or advisable to effect the transactions contemplated under such Receivables Facility; and (n) restrictions or conditions contained in any trading, netting, operating, construction, service, supply, purchase, sale, hedging or similar agreement to which EFIH or any Restricted Subsidiary is a party entered into in the ordinary course of business; provided that such agreement prohibits the encumbrance solely to the property or assets of EFIH or such Restricted Subsidiary that are the subject of such agreement, the payment rights arising thereunder and/or the proceeds thereof and does not extend to any other asset or property of EFIH or such Restricted Subsidiary or the assets or property of any other Restricted Subsidiary. 61 Table of Contents Limitation on Guarantees of Indebtedness by Restricted Subsidiaries EFIH will not permit any of its Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries that are Restricted Subsidiaries (and non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries if such non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries guarantee other capital markets debt securities of EFIH, EFIH Finance or any Guarantor), other than EFIH Finance, a Guarantor, a Foreign Subsidiary or a Receivables Subsidiary, to guarantee the payment of any Indebtedness of EFIH, EFIH Finance or any Guarantor, unless: (1) such Restricted Subsidiary within 30 days executes and delivers a supplemental indenture to the Indenture providing for a Guarantee by such Restricted Subsidiary, except that with respect to a guarantee of Indebtedness of the Issuer: (a) if the Notes or such Guarantor’s Guarantee is subordinated in right of payment to such Indebtedness, the Guarantee under the supplemental indenture shall be subordinated to such Restricted Subsidiary’s guarantee with respect to such Indebtedness substantially to the same extent as the Notes are subordinated to such Indebtedness; and (b) if such Indebtedness is by its express terms subordinated in right of payment to the Notes, any such guarantee by such Restricted Subsidiary with respect to such Indebtedness shall be subordinated in right of payment to such Guarantee substantially to the same extent as such Indebtedness is subordinated to the Notes; and (2) such Restricted Subsidiary waives, and will not in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any rights of reimbursement, indemnity or subrogation or any other rights against EFIH or any other Restricted Subsidiary as a result of any payment by such Restricted Subsidiary under its Guarantee; provided that this covenant shall not be applicable to any guarantee of any Restricted Subsidiary that existed at the time such Person became a Restricted Subsidiary and was not incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary. In the event there is a future Restricted Subsidiary that Guarantees the Notes in accordance with this “Limitations of Guarantees of Indebtedness by Restricted Subsidiaries” covenant, such Guarantor, as a primary obligor and not merely as a surety, will fully and unconditionally guarantee (and jointly and severally with any other Guarantors), on a senior basis, the performance and full and punctual payment when due, whether at maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, of all obligations of the Issuer under the Indenture and the Notes, whether for payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest in respect of the Notes, expenses, indemnification or otherwise, on the terms set forth in the Indenture by executing the Indenture. Any entity that makes a payment under its Guarantee will be entitled upon payment in full of all guaranteed obligations under the Indenture to a contribution from each other Guarantor in an amount equal to such other Guarantor’s pro rata portion of such payment based on the respective net assets of all the Guarantors at the time of such payment determined in accordance with GAAP. The obligations of each Guarantor, if any, under its Guarantee will be limited as necessary to prevent the Guarantee from constituting a fraudulent conveyance under applicable law. However, this limitation may not be effective to prevent a Guarantee from being voided under fraudulent conveyance law, or may reduce or eliminate a Guarantor’s obligation to an amount that effectively makes its Guarantee worthless. If a Guarantee were rendered voidable, it could be subordinated by a court to all other indebtedness (including guarantees and other contingent liabilities) of the Guarantor, and, depending on the amount of such indebtedness, a Guarantor’s liability on its Guarantee could be reduced to zero. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Notes and Our Substantial Indebtedness—If a court were to find that EFIH were insolvent before or after giving effect to the issuance of the notes in the exchange offers and did not receive reasonably equivalent value or fair consideration for the issuance of the notes or the pledge of the Collateral, the court may void all or a portion of the obligations represented by the notes or the pledge of the Collateral by EFIH as a fraudulent conveyance.” 62 Table of Contents In the event there is a future Restricted Subsidiary that Guarantees the Notes in accordance with this “Limitations of Guarantees of Indebtedness by Restricted Subsidiaries” covenant, any such Guarantee by a Guarantor will provide by its terms that it will be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged upon: (1) (a) any sale, exchange or transfer (by merger, consolidation, wind-up or otherwise) of the Capital Stock of such Guarantor (including any sale, exchange or transfer), after which the applicable Guarantor is no longer a Restricted Subsidiary or sale of all or substantially all the assets of such Guarantor, which sale, exchange or transfer is made in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Indenture; (b) the release or discharge of the guarantee by such Guarantor that resulted in the creation of such Guarantee, except a discharge or release by or as a result of payment under such guarantee; (c) the designation of any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor as an Unrestricted Subsidiary in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Indenture; or (d) the exercise by the Issuer of its legal defeasance option or covenant defeasance option as described under “—Legal Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance” or the discharge of the Issuer’s obligations under the Indenture in accordance with the terms of the Indenture; and (2) such Guarantor delivering to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent provided for in the Indenture relating to such transaction have been complied with. Limitations on Business Activities of EFIH Finance EFIH Finance may not hold assets, become liable for any obligations or engage in any business activities; provided that it may be a co-obligor with respect to the Notes or any other Indebtedness issued by EFIH and may engage in any activities directly related thereto or necessary in connection therewith. EFIH Finance shall be a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of EFIH at all times. Reports and Other Information Notwithstanding that EFIH may not be subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or otherwise report on an annual and quarterly basis on forms provided for such annual and quarterly reporting pursuant to rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC, the Indenture requires EFIH to file with the SEC (and make available to the Trustee and Holders of the Notes (without exhibits), without cost to any Holder, within 15 days after it files them with the SEC) from and after the Issue Date, (1) within 90 days (or any other time period then in effect under the rules and regulations of the Exchange Act with respect to the filing of a Form 10-K by a non-accelerated filer) after the end of each fiscal year, annual reports on Form 10-K, or any successor or comparable form, containing the information required to be contained therein, or required in such successor or comparable form; (2) within 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year, reports on Form 10-Q containing all quarterly information that would be required to be contained in Form 10-Q, or any successor or comparable form; (3) promptly from time to time after the occurrence of an event required to be therein reported, such other reports on Form 8-K, or any successor or comparable form; and (4) any other information, documents and other reports which EFIH would be required to file with the SEC if it were subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 63 Table of Contents in each case in a manner that complies in all material respects with the requirements specified in such form; provided that EFIH shall not be so obligated to file such reports with the SEC if the SEC does not permit such filing, in which event EFIH will make available such information to prospective purchasers of Notes, in addition to providing such information to the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes, in each case within 15 days after the time EFIH would be required to file such information with the SEC if it were subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. In the event that any direct or indirect parent company of EFIH becomes a Guarantor of the Notes, the Indenture permits EFIH to satisfy its obligations in this covenant with respect to financial information relating to EFIH by furnishing financial information relating to such parent; provided that the same is accompanied by consolidating information that explains in reasonable detail the differences between the information relating to such parent, on the one hand, and the information relating to EFIH and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a standalone basis, on the other hand. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, EFIH will not be deemed to have failed to comply with any of its obligations hereunder for purposes of clause (3) under “Events of Default and Remedies” until 60 days after the date any report hereunder is due. Events of Default and Remedies The Indenture provides that each of the following is an “ Event of Default ”: (1) default in payment when due and payable, upon redemption, acceleration or otherwise, of principal of, or premium, if any, on the Notes; (2) default for 30 days or more in the payment when due of interest on or with respect to the Notes; (3) failure by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary for 60 days after receipt of written notice given by the Trustee or the Holders of not less than 30% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes to comply with any of its obligations, covenants or agreements (other than a default referred to in clauses (1) and (2) above) contained in the Indenture, the Notes or the Security Documents relating to the Notes; (4) default under any mortgage, indenture or instrument under which there is issued or by which there is secured or evidenced any Indebtedness for money borrowed by EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or the payment of which is guaranteed by EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, other than Indebtedness owed to EFIH or a Restricted Subsidiary, whether such Indebtedness or guarantee now exists or is created after the issuance of the Notes, if both: (a) such default either results from the failure to pay any principal of such Indebtedness at its stated final maturity (after giving effect to any applicable grace periods) or relates to an obligation other than the obligation to pay principal of any such Indebtedness at its stated final maturity and results in the holder or holders of such Indebtedness causing such Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity; and (b) the principal amount of such Indebtedness, together with the principal amount of any other such Indebtedness in default for failure to pay principal at stated final maturity (after giving effect to any applicable grace periods), or the maturity of which has been so accelerated, aggregate $250.0 million or more at any one time outstanding; (5) failure by the Issuer or any Significant Subsidiary (or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together would constitute a Significant Subsidiary) to pay final judgments aggregating in excess of $250.0 million, which final judgments remain unpaid, undischarged and unstayed for a period of more than 60 days after such judgment becomes final, and in the event such judgment is covered by insurance, an enforcement proceeding has been commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or decree which is not promptly stayed; 64 Table of Contents (6) certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency with respect to the Issuer or any Significant Subsidiary (or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together would constitute a Significant Subsidiary); (7) the Guarantee of any Significant Subsidiary (or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together would constitute a Significant Subsidiary) shall for any reason cease to be in full force and effect or be declared null and void or any responsible officer of any Guarantor that is a Significant Subsidiary (or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together would constitute a Significant Subsidiary), as the case may be, denies that it has any further liability under its Guarantee or gives notice to such effect, other than by reason of the termination of the Indenture or the release of any such Guarantee in accordance with the Indenture; or (8) with respect to Collateral having a fair market value in excess of $250.0 million in the aggregate, any security interest and Lien purported to be created by any Security Document with respect to the Collateral (a) ceases to be in full force and effect, (b) ceases to give the Collateral Trustee, for the benefit of the holders of the Notes, the Liens, rights, powers and privileges purported to be created and granted thereby (including a perfected first-priority security interest in and Lien on, all of the Collateral thereunder) in favor of the Collateral Trustee, or (c) is asserted by EFIH not to be, a valid, perfected, first priority (except as otherwise expressly provided in the Indenture or the Collateral Trust Agreement) security interest in or Lien on the Collateral covered thereby. If any Event of Default (other than of a type specified in clause (6) above) occurs and is continuing under the Indenture, the Trustee or the Holders of at least 30% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes may declare the principal, premium, if any, interest and any other monetary obligations on all the then outstanding Notes to be due and payable immediately. Upon the effectiveness of such declaration, such principal and interest will be due and payable immediately. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of an Event of Default arising under clause (6) of the first paragraph of this section, all outstanding Notes will become due and payable without further action or notice. The Indenture provides that the Trustee may withhold from the Holders notice of any continuing Default, except a Default relating to the payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest, if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest. In addition, the Trustee shall have no obligation to accelerate the Notes if in the best judgment of the Trustee acceleration is not in the best interest of the Holders of the Notes. Holders of the Notes may not enforce the Indenture, the Notes, the Security Documents or the Collateral Trust Agreement except as provided in such documents. The Indenture provides that the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes by notice to the Trustee may on behalf of the Holders of all of the Notes waive any existing Default and its consequences under the Indenture except a continuing Default in the payment of interest on, premium, if any, or the principal of any Note held by a non-consenting Holder. In the event of any Event of Default specified in clause (4) above, such Event of Default and all consequences thereof (excluding any resulting payment default, other than as a result of acceleration of the Notes) shall be annulled, waived and rescinded, automatically and without any action by the Trustee or the Holders, if within 20 days after such Event of Default arose: (1) the Indebtedness or guarantee that is the basis for such Event of Default has been discharged; or (2) holders thereof have rescinded or waived the acceleration, notice or action (as the case may be) giving rise to such Event of Default; or (3) the default that is the basis for such Event of Default has been cured. Subject to the provisions of the Indenture relating to the duties of the Trustee thereunder, in case an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers under the Indenture at the request or direction of any of the Holders of the Notes unless the Holders have offered to the Trustee indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or expense. Except to enforce the right to receive payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest when due, no Holder of a Note may pursue any remedy with respect to the Indenture or the Notes unless: (1) such Holder has previously given the Trustee notice that an Event of Default is continuing; 65 Table of Contents (2) Holders of at least 30% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes have requested the Trustee to pursue the remedy; (3) Holders of the Notes have offered the Trustee security or indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or expense; (4) the Trustee has not complied with such request within 60 days after the receipt thereof and the offer of security or indemnity; and (5) Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes have not given the Trustee a direction inconsistent with such request within such 60-day period. Subject to certain restrictions, under the Indenture the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes are given the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee or of exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee. The Trustee, however, may refuse to follow any direction that conflicts with law or the Indenture or that the Trustee determines is unduly prejudicial to the rights of any other Holder of a Note or that would involve the Trustee in personal liability. The Indenture provides that EFIH is required to deliver to the Trustee annually a statement regarding compliance with the Indenture, and EFIH is required, within five Business Days, upon becoming aware of any Default, to deliver to the Trustee a statement specifying such Default. No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Stockholders No director, officer, employee, incorporator or stockholder of the Issuer or any Guarantor or any of their parent companies (other than the Issuer and the Guarantors) shall have any liability for any obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantors under the Notes, the Guarantees, the Indenture or any Security Document or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of such obligations or their creation. Each Holder by accepting the Notes waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes. Such waiver may not be effective to waive liabilities under the federal securities laws, and it is the view of the SEC that such a waiver is against public policy. Legal Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance The obligations of the Issuer and any Guarantor under the Indenture will terminate (other than certain obligations) and will be released upon payment in full of all of the Notes. The Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have all of its obligations discharged with respect to the Notes and have the Issuer’s and each Guarantor’s obligation discharged with respect to its Guarantee (“ Legal Defeasance ”) and cure all then existing Events of Default except for: (1) the rights of Holders of Notes to receive payments in respect of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes when such payments are due solely out of the trust created pursuant to the Indenture; (2) the Issuer’s obligations with respect to Notes concerning issuing temporary notes, registration of such Notes, mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes and the maintenance of an office or agency for payment and money for security payments held in trust; (3) the rights, powers, trusts, duties and immunities of the Trustee, and the Issuer’s obligations in connection therewith; and (4) the Legal Defeasance provisions of the Indenture. 66 Table of Contents In addition, the Issuer may, at its option and at any time, elect to have its obligations and those of each Guarantor released with respect to certain covenants that are described in the Indenture (“ Covenant Defeasance ”) and thereafter any omission to comply with such obligations shall not constitute a Default with respect to the Notes. In the event Covenant Defeasance occurs, certain events (not including bankruptcy, receivership, rehabilitation and insolvency events pertaining to the Issuer) described under “Events of Default and Remedies” will no longer constitute an Event of Default with respect to the Notes. In order to exercise either Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance with respect to the Notes: (1) the Issuer must irrevocably deposit with the Trustee, in trust, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes, cash in U.S. dollars, Government Securities, or a combination thereof, in such amounts as will be sufficient, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants, to pay the principal of, premium, if any, and interest due on the Notes on the stated maturity date or on the redemption date, as the case may be, of such principal, premium, if any, or interest on such Notes, and the Issuer must specify whether such Notes are being defeased to maturity or to a particular redemption date; (2) in the case of Legal Defeasance, the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel reasonably acceptable to the Trustee confirming that, subject to customary assumptions and exclusions, (a) the Issuer has received from, or there has been published by, the United States Internal Revenue Service a ruling, or (b) since the issuance of the Notes, there has been a change in the applicable U.S. federal income tax law, in either case to the effect that, and based thereon such Opinion of Counsel shall confirm that, subject to customary assumptions and exclusions, the Holders of the Notes will not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as applicable, as a result of such Legal Defeasance and will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such Legal Defeasance had not occurred; (3) in the case of Covenant Defeasance, the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel reasonably acceptable to the Trustee confirming that, subject to customary assumptions and exclusions, the Holders of the Notes will not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of such Covenant Defeasance and will be subject to such tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such Covenant Defeasance had not occurred; (4) no Default (other than that resulting from borrowing funds to be applied to make such deposit and any similar and simultaneous deposit relating to other Indebtedness and, in each case, the granting of Liens in connection therewith) shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such deposit; (5) such Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance shall not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under any material agreement or instrument (other than the Indenture) to which the Issuer or any Guarantor is a party or by which the Issuer or any Guarantor is bound (other than that resulting from borrowing funds to be applied to make such deposit and any similar and simultaneous deposit relating to other Indebtedness and, in each case, the granting of Liens in connection therewith); (6) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that, as of the date of such opinion and subject to customary assumptions and exclusions following the deposit, the trust funds will not be subject to the effect of Section 547 of the Bankruptcy Code; 67 Table of Contents (7) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate stating that the deposit was not made by the Issuer with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any creditors of the Issuer or any Guarantor or others; and (8) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel (which Opinion of Counsel may be subject to customary assumptions and exclusions) each stating that all conditions precedent provided for or relating to the Legal Defeasance or the Covenant Defeasance, as the case may be, have been complied with. The Collateral will be released from the Lien securing the Notes, as provided under “—Security for the Notes—Release of Security Interests,” upon a Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance in accordance with the provisions described in this “Legal Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance” section. Satisfaction and Discharge The Indenture will be discharged and will cease to be of further effect as to all Notes, when either: (1) all Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered, except lost, stolen or destroyed Notes which have been replaced or paid and Notes for whose payment money has theretofore been deposited in trust, have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; or (2) (a) all Notes not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation have become due and payable by reason of the making of a notice of redemption or otherwise, will become due and payable within one year or may be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption by the Trustee in the name, and at the expense, of the Issuer, and the Issuer or any Guarantor has irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee as trust funds in trust solely for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes, cash in U.S. dollars, Government Securities, or a combination thereof, in such amounts as will be sufficient without consideration of any reinvestment of interest to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on the Notes not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation for principal, premium, if any, and accrued interest to the date of maturity or redemption; (b) no Default (other than that resulting from borrowing funds to be applied to make such deposit and any similar and simultaneous deposit relating to other Indebtedness and, in each case, the granting of Liens in connection therewith) with respect to the Indenture or the Notes shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such deposit or shall occur as a result of such deposit, and such deposit will not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, any material agreement or instrument (other than the Indenture) to which the Issuer or any Guarantor is a party or by which the Issuer or any Guarantor is bound (other than that resulting from borrowing funds to be applied to make such deposit and any similar and simultaneous deposit relating to other Indebtedness and, in each case, the granting of Liens in connection therewith); (c) the Issuer has paid or caused to be paid all sums payable by it under the Indenture; and (d) the Issuer has delivered irrevocable instructions to the Trustee to apply the deposited money toward the payment of the Notes at maturity or the redemption date, as the case may be. In addition, the Issuer must deliver an Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel to the Trustee stating that all conditions precedent to satisfaction and discharge have been satisfied. The Collateral will be released from the Lien securing the Notes, as provided under “—Security for the Notes—Release of Security Interests,” upon a discharge of the Indenture in accordance with the provisions described in this “Satisfaction and Discharge” section. 68 Table of Contents Amendment, Supplement and Waiver Except as provided in the next two succeeding paragraphs, the Indenture, any Guarantee, the Notes and the Security Documents relating to the Notes may be amended or supplemented with the consent of the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, including consents obtained in connection with a purchase of, or tender offer or exchange offer for, the outstanding Notes, and any existing Default or compliance with any provision of the Indenture, the Notes issued thereunder or any Guarantee or the Security Documents relating to the Notes may be waived with the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, other than Notes beneficially owned by the Issuer or its Affiliates (including consents obtained in connection with a purchase of or tender offer or exchange offer for the Notes). The Indenture provides that, without the consent of each affected Holder of Notes, an amendment or waiver may not, with respect to any Notes held by a non-consenting Holder: (1) reduce the principal amount of such Notes whose Holders must consent to an amendment, supplement or waiver; (2) reduce the principal of or change the fixed final maturity of any such Note or alter or waive the provisions with respect to the redemption of such Notes (for the avoidance of doubt, the provisions described under “—Repurchase at the Option of Holders” are not redemptions of Notes); (3) reduce the rate of or change the time for payment of interest on any Note; (4) waive a Default in the payment of principal of or premium, if any, or interest on the Notes, except a rescission of acceleration of the Notes by the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes and a waiver of the payment default that resulted from such acceleration, or in respect of a covenant or provision contained in the Indenture or any Guarantee which cannot be amended or modified without the consent of all Holders; (5) make any Note payable in money other than that stated therein; (6) make any change in the provisions of the Indenture relating to waivers of past Defaults or the rights of Holders to receive payments of principal of or premium, if any, or interest on the Notes; (7) make any change in these amendment and waiver provisions; (8) impair the right of any Holder to receive payment of principal of, or interest on such Holder’s Notes on or after the due dates therefor or to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment on or with respect to such Holder’s Notes; (9) make any change to or modify the ranking provisions of the Indenture or the Notes that would adversely affect the Holders; or (10) except as expressly permitted by the Indenture, modify the Guarantees of any Significant Subsidiary in any manner adverse to the Holders of the Notes. In addition, without the consent of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, an amendment, supplement or waiver may not modify any Security Document relating to the Notes or the provisions of the Indenture dealing with the Security Documents or application of trust moneys in any manner materially adverse to the Holders other than in accordance with the Indenture and the Security Documents. Without the consent of at least 66 2/3% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, no amendment, supplement or waiver may modify the Security Documents to release all or substantially all of the Collateral. Without the consent of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, no amendment, supplement or waiver may modify the Security Documents to release less than all or substantially all of the Collateral. 69 Table of Contents Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer, any Guarantor (with respect to a Guarantee or the Indenture to which it is a party) and the Trustee may amend or supplement the Indenture, any Guarantee, the Notes or any Security Document without the consent of any Holder to; (1) cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency; (2) provide for uncertificated Notes of such series in addition to or in place of certificated Notes; (3) comply with the covenant relating to mergers, consolidations and sales of assets; (4) provide for the assumption of the Issuer’s or any Guarantor’s obligations to the Holders; (5) make any change that would provide any additional rights or benefits to the Holders or that does not adversely affect the legal rights under the Indenture of any such Holder; (6) add covenants for the benefit of the Holders or to surrender any right or power conferred upon the Issuer or any Guarantor; (7) comply with requirements of the SEC in order to effect or maintain the qualification of the Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act; (8) evidence and provide for the acceptance and appointment under the Indenture of a successor Trustee thereunder pursuant to the requirements thereof; (9) provide for the issuance of Additional Notes; (10) add a Guarantor under the Indenture; (11) conform the text of the Indenture, the Guarantees, the Notes or any Security Document to any provision of this “Description of the Notes” to the extent that such provision in this “Description of the Notes” was intended to be a verbatim recitation of a provision of the Indenture, any Guarantees, the Notes or any Security Document; (12) make any amendment to the provisions of the Indenture relating to the transfer and legending of Notes as permitted by the Indenture, including, without limitation, to facilitate the issuance and administration of the Notes; provided , however , that (i) compliance with the Indenture as so amended would not result in Notes being transferred in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable securities law and (ii) such amendment does not materially and adversely affect the rights of Holders to transfer Notes; (13) mortgage, pledge, hypothecate or grant any other Lien in favor of the Trustee for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes, as security for the payment and performance of all or any portion of the Obligations, in any property or assets; or (14) provide for the accession or succession of any parties to the Security Documents (and other amendments that are administrative or ministerial in nature) in connection with an amendment, renewal, extension, substitution, refinancing, restructuring, replacement, supplementing or other modification from time to time of any agreement or action that is not prohibited by the Indenture, including to add any additional secured parties to the extent not prohibited by the Indenture. The consent of the Holders is not necessary under the Indenture to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment. It is sufficient if such consent approves the substance of the proposed amendment. 70 Table of Contents Notices Notices given by publication will be deemed given on the first date on which publication is made and notices given by first-class mail, postage prepaid, will be deemed given five calendar days after mailing. Concerning the Trustee The Indenture contains certain limitations on the rights of the Trustee thereunder, should it become a creditor of the Issuer, to obtain payment of claims in certain cases, or to realize on certain property received in respect of any such claim as security or otherwise. The Trustee will be permitted to engage in other transactions; however, if it acquires any conflicting interest it must eliminate such conflict within 90 days, apply to the SEC for permission to continue or resign. The Indenture provides that the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes will have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for exercising any remedy available to the Trustee, subject to certain exceptions. The Indenture provides that in case an Event of Default shall occur (which shall not be cured), the Trustee will be required, in the exercise of its power, to use the degree of care of a prudent person in the conduct of his own affairs. Subject to such provisions, the Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of its rights or powers under the Indenture at the request of any Holder of the Notes, unless such Holder shall have offered to the Trustee security and indemnity satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or expense. Governing Law The Indenture, the Notes and any Guarantees are governed by and will be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. Certain Definitions Set forth below are certain defined terms used in the Indenture. For purposes of the Indenture, unless otherwise specifically indicated, the term “consolidated” with respect to any Person refers to such Person on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, but excluding from such consolidation any Unrestricted Subsidiary as if such Unrestricted Subsidiary were not an Affiliate of such Person. “ Acquired Indebtedness ” means, with respect to any specified Person, (1) Indebtedness of any other Person existing at the time such other Person is merged with or into or became a Restricted Subsidiary of such specified Person, including Indebtedness incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such other Person merging with or into or becoming a Restricted Subsidiary of such specified Person, and (2) Indebtedness secured by a Lien encumbering any asset acquired by such specified Person. “ Act of Required Debtholders ” means, as to any matter at any time: (1) prior to the Discharge of Parity Lien Obligations, a direction in writing delivered to the Collateral Trustee by or with the written consent of the holders of a majority of the sum of: (a) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Parity Lien Debt (including outstanding letters of credit whether or not then available or drawn); and (b) the aggregate unfunded commitments to extend credit which, when funded, would constitute Parity Lien Debt; and 71 Table of Contents (2) at any time after the Discharge of Parity Lien Obligations, a direction in writing delivered to the Collateral Trustee by or with the written consent of the holders of Junior Lien Debt representing the Required Junior Lien Debtholders. For purposes of this definition, (a) Secured Lien Debt registered in the name of, or beneficially owned by, the Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuer will be deemed not to be outstanding, and (b) votes will be determined in accordance with the provisions described under “—Security for the Notes—Voting.” “ Affiliate ” of any specified Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For purposes of this definition, “control” (including, with correlative meanings, the terms “controlling,” “controlled by” and “under common control with”), as used with respect to any Person, shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by agreement or otherwise. “ Applicable Premium ” means, with respect to any Note on any Redemption Date, the greater of: (1) 1.0% of the principal amount of such Note; and (2) the excess, if any, of (a) the present value at such Redemption Date of (i) the redemption price of such Note at October 15, 2014 (such redemption price being set forth in the table appearing under “—Optional Redemption”), plus (ii) all required interest payments due on such Note through October 15, 2014 (excluding accrued but unpaid interest to the Redemption Date), computed using a discount rate equal to the Treasury Rate as of such Redemption Date plus 50 basis points; over (b) the principal amount of such Note. “ Asset Sale ” means: (1) the sale, conveyance, transfer or other disposition (each referred to in this definition as a “ disposition ”), whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions, of property or assets (including by way of a Sale and Lease-Back Transaction) of EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (including the disposition of outstanding Equity Interests of an Unrestricted Subsidiary owned directly by EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) and, solely to the extent cash or Cash Equivalents are received therefrom by any Oncor Subsidiary or any Successor Oncor Business and are thereafter dividended, distributed or otherwise paid to EFH Corp., EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries: (i) the primary issuance of new Equity Interests by any Oncor Subsidiary or any Successor Oncor Business, (ii) the disposition of outstanding Equity Interests of an Oncor Subsidiary or a Successor Oncor Business owned directly by another Oncor Subsidiary or by another Successor Oncor Business and (iii) the disposition of assets owned directly or indirectly by any Oncor Subsidiary or any Successor Oncor Business. For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to Unrestricted Subsidiaries other than Oncor Subsidiaries or Successor Oncor Businesses, the following shall not be deemed to be “Asset Sales”: (i) the primary issuance of new Equity Interests by an Unrestricted Subsidiary and (ii) sales or transfers of assets owned directly by Unrestricted Subsidiaries; or (2) the issuance or sale of Equity Interests of any Restricted Subsidiary, whether in a single transaction or a series of related transactions (other than Preferred Stock of Restricted Subsidiaries issued in compliance with the covenant described under “—Certain Covenants—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock”); in each case, other than: (a) any disposition of Cash Equivalents or Investment Grade Securities or obsolete or worn out equipment (including any such equipment that has been refurbished in contemplation of such disposition) in the ordinary course of business or any disposition of inventory or goods (or other assets) held for sale in the ordinary course of business; 72 Table of Contents (b) the disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of EFIH in a manner permitted by the covenant described under “—Certain Covenants—Merger, Consolidation or Sale of All or Substantially All Assets” (other than a disposition excluded from such covenant by the proviso at the end of the first paragraph of such covenant) or any disposition that constitutes a Change of Control pursuant to the Indenture; (c) the making of any Restricted Payment or Permitted Investment that is permitted to be made, and is made, under the covenant described under “—Certain Covenants—Limitation on Restricted Payments”; (d) any disposition of assets or issuance or sale of Equity Interests of any Restricted Subsidiary in any transaction or series of related transactions with an aggregate fair market value of less than $75.0 million; (e) any disposition of property or assets or issuance of securities by a Restricted Subsidiary to EFIH or by EFIH or a Restricted Subsidiary to another Restricted Subsidiary; provided however to the extent such transfer involves Collateral or any part thereof, the transferee shall execute a joinder agreement to the Security Documents and the Collateral Trust Agreement or enter into a substantially similar collateral trust or intercreditor agreement immediately upon consummation of such transaction in accordance with the requirements of the Security Documents to pledge such transferred Collateral for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes; (f) except in the case of a disposition of Collateral, to the extent allowable under Section 1031 of the Code or any comparable or successor provision, any exchange of like property (excluding any boot thereon) for use in a Similar Business; (g) the lease, assignment or sub-lease of any real or personal property in the ordinary course of business; (h) (i) any disposition of Equity Interests in an Unrestricted Subsidiary (other than an Oncor Subsidiary or a Successor Oncor Business) and (ii) any sale, conveyance, transfer or other disposition of Equity Interests in, or assets of, any of the Oncor Subsidiaries or a Successor Oncor Business (other than the Collateral) to the extent no cash or Cash Equivalents are received in connection with such sale, conveyance, transfer or other disposition or to the extent any cash or Cash Equivalents received in connection with such sale, conveyance, transfer or other disposition are not dividended, distributed or otherwise paid to EFH Corp., EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; (i) foreclosures on assets not constituting Collateral; (j) sales of accounts receivable, or participations therein, in connection with any Receivables Facility for the benefit of EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; (k) any financing transaction with respect to property built or acquired by EFIH or any Restricted Subsidiary after the Issue Date, including Sale and Lease-Back Transactions and asset securitizations permitted by the Indenture; (l) [Intentionally omitted]; (m) except in the case of a disposition of Collateral, sales, transfers and other dispositions (i) of Investments in joint ventures to the extent required by, or made pursuant to, customary buy/sell or put/ call arrangements between the joint venture parties set forth in joint venture arrangements and similar binding arrangements or (ii) to joint ventures in connection with the dissolution or termination of a joint venture to the extent required pursuant to joint venture and similar arrangements; (n) [Intentionally omitted]; 73 Table of Contents (o) [Intentionally omitted]; (p) [Intentionally omitted]; (q) any Casualty Event; provided the net proceeds therefrom are deemed to be Net Proceeds and are applied in accordance with the covenant described under “—Repurchase at the Option of Holders— Asset Sales” or EFIH or such Restricted Subsidiary delivers to the Trustee a Restoration Certificate with respect to plans to invest (and reinvests within 450 days from the date of receipt of the Net Proceeds); (r) the execution of (or amendment to), settlement of or unwinding of any Hedging Obligation in the ordinary course of business; (s) any disposition of mineral rights (other than coal and lignite mineral rights); provided the net proceeds therefrom are deemed to be Net Proceeds and are applied in accordance with the covenant described under “—Repurchase at the Option of Holders—Asset Sales”; (t) any sale, transfer or other disposal of any real property that is (i) primarily used or intended to be used for mining which has either been reclaimed, or has not been used for mining in a manner which requires reclamation, and in either case has been determined by EFIH not to be necessary for use for mining, (ii) used as buffer land, but no longer serves such purpose or its use is restricted such that it will continue to be buffer land, or (iii) was acquired in connection with power generation facilities, but has been determined by EFIH to no longer be commercially suitable for such purpose; (u) [Intentionally omitted]; (v) dispositions of power, capacity, heat rate, renewable energy credits, waste by-products, energy, electricity, coal and lignite, oil and other petroleum based liquids, emissions and other environmental credits, ancillary services, fuel (including all forms of nuclear fuel and natural gas) and other related assets or products of services, including assets related to trading activities or the sale of inventory or contracts related to any of the foregoing, in each case in the ordinary course of business; (w) [Intentionally omitted]; (x) any disposition of assets in connection with salvage activities; provided the net proceeds therefrom are deemed to be Net Proceeds and are applied in accordance with the covenant described under “—Repurchase at the Option of Holders—Asset Sales”; and (y) any sale, transfer or other disposition of any assets required by any Government Authority; provided the net proceeds therefrom are deemed to be Net Proceeds and are applied in accordance with the covenant described under “—Repurchase at the Option of Holders—Asset Sales.” “ Asset Sale Cash Collateral Account ” means a segregated account pledged under the Security Documents that is (i) subject to a perfected security interest for the benefit of the holders of Secured Lien Debt, (ii) under the sole control of the Collateral Trustee and (iii) free from all other Liens (other than Liens permitted to be placed on the Collateral pursuant to the second paragraph of the covenant described under “— Certain Covenants — Liens”). “ Asset Sale Offer ” has the meaning set forth in the covenant described under “—Repurchase at the Option of Holders—Asset Sales.” “ Bankruptcy Code ” means Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended. 74 Table of Contents “ Bankruptcy Law ” means the Bankruptcy Code and any similar federal, state or foreign law for the relief of debtors. “ Business Day ” means each day which is not a Legal Holiday. “ Capital Stock ” means: (1) in the case of a corporation, corporate stock; (2) in the case of an association or business entity, any and all shares, interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however designated) of corporate stock; (3) in the case of a partnership or limited liability company, partnership or membership interests (whether general or limited); and (4) any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of assets of, the issuing Person. “ Capitalized Lease Obligation ” means, at the time any determination thereof is to be made, the amount of the liability in respect of a capital lease that would at such time be required to be capitalized and reflected as a liability on a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) in accordance with GAAP; provided that any obligations existing on the Issue Date (i) that were not included on the balance sheet of EFIH as capital lease obligations and (ii) that are subsequently recharacterized as capital lease obligations due to a change in accounting treatment shall for all purposes not be treated as Capitalized Lease Obligations. “ Capitalized Software Expenditures ” means, for any period, the aggregate of all expenditures (whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities) by a Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period in respect of purchased software or internally developed software and software enhancements that, in conformity with GAAP, are or are required to be reflected as capitalized costs on the consolidated balance sheet of a Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries. “ Cash Equivalents ” means: (1) United States dollars; (2) euros or any national currency of any participating member state of the EMU or such local currencies held by EFIH and its Restricted Subsidiaries from time to time in the ordinary course of business; (3) securities issued or directly and fully and unconditionally guaranteed or insured by the U.S. government (or any agency or instrumentality thereof the securities of which are unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation of the U.S. government) with maturities, unless such securities are deposited to defease Indebtedness, of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition; (4) certificates of deposit, time deposits and eurodollar time deposits with maturities of one year or less from the date of acquisition, bankers’ acceptances with maturities not exceeding one year and overnight bank deposits, in each case with any commercial bank having capital. and surplus of not less than $500.0 million in the case of U.S. banks and $100.0 million (or the U.S. dollar equivalent as of the date of determination) in the case of non-U.S. banks; (5) repurchase obligations for underlying securities of the types described in clauses (3) and (4) entered into with any financial institution meeting the qualifications specified in clause (4) above; (6) commercial paper rated at least P-1 by Moody’s or at least A-1 by S&P and in each case maturing within 24 months after the date of creation thereof; 75 Table of Contents (7) marketable short-term money market and similar securities having a rating of at least P-2 or A-2 from either Moody’s or S&P, respectively (or, if at any time neither Moody’s nor S&P shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another Rating Agency) and in each case maturing within 24 months after the date of creation thereof; (8) investment funds investing 95% of their assets in securities of the types described in clauses (1) through (7) above; (9) readily marketable direct obligations issued by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof having an Investment Grade Rating from either Moody’s or S&P with maturities of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition; (10) Indebtedness or Preferred Stock issued by Persons with a rating of A or higher from S&P or A2 or higher from Moody’s with maturities of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition; and (11) Investments with average maturities of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition in money market funds rated AAA- (or the equivalent thereof) or better by S&P or Aaa3 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by Moody’s. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Cash Equivalents shall include amounts denominated in currencies other than those set forth in clauses (1) and (2) above; provided that such amounts are converted into any currency listed in clauses (1) and (2) as promptly as practicable and in any event within ten Business Days following the receipt of such amounts. “ Casualty Event ” means any taking under power of eminent domain or similar proceeding and any insured loss; provided that any such taking or similar proceeding or insured loss that results in Net Proceeds of less than $75.0 million shall not be deemed a Casualty Event. “ Change of Control ” means the occurrence of any of the following: (1) the sale, lease or transfer, in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of EFIH and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or all or substantially all of the Collateral or Oncor-related Assets to any Person other than a Permitted Holder, other than (A) a Permitted Asset Transfer meeting the requirements of the proviso following clause (3) of this definition of “Change of Control” and (B) any foreclosure on the Collateral; provided , however , that a transaction that would otherwise constitute a Change of Control pursuant to this clause (1) shall not constitute a Change of Control if: (a) the consideration received in respect of such transaction (i) is received by EFIH or an Oncor Subsidiary or Successor Oncor Business, as the case may be; (ii) consists of Capital Stock of a Person in a Similar Oncor Business that (A) would become a Subsidiary of EFIH or such Oncor Subsidiary or Successor Oncor Business or (B) is a joint venture in which EFIH or such Oncor Subsidiary or Successor Oncor Business would have a significant equity interest (as determined by EFIH in good faith), (iii) is at least equal to the fair market value (as determined by EFIH in good faith) of the assets sold, transferred, conveyed or otherwise disposed of and (iv) if received by EFIH, shall be concurrently pledged as Collateral for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes and the holders of the other Secured Debt Obligations; (b) immediately after such transaction no Default exists; (c) immediately after giving pro forma effect to such transaction and any related financing transactions (including, without limitation, any transaction the proceeds of which are applied to reduce the Indebtedness of EFIH) as if the same had occurred at the beginning of the applicable four-quarter period, either: (i) EFIH would be permitted to incur at least $1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio test set forth in the first paragraph of the covenant described under “—Certain Covenants—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock”; or 76 Table of Contents (ii) such Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for EFIH and its Restricted Subsidiaries would be greater than such Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for EFIH and its Restricted Subsidiaries immediately prior to such transaction; (d) the rating on the Notes shall not have been downgraded by two or more of the Rating Agencies (or, if the Notes are rated by only one Rating Agency at the time of the first notice of such transaction, such Rating Agency) during the period commencing 30 days prior to the first public notice of the occurrence of such transaction or the intention of the Issuer or any Subsidiary thereof to effect such transaction and ending on the date 60 after such public notice relative to the rating at the start of such period; and (e) each Guarantor, unless it is the other party to the transaction, shall have by a supplemental indenture confirmed that its Guarantee and any Security Documents to which it is a party shall apply to such Person’s obligations under the Indenture and the Notes; (2) EFIH becomes aware (by way of a report or any other filing pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, proxy, vote, written notice or otherwise) of the acquisition by any Person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act or any successor provision), including any group acting for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of securities (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act or any successor provision), other than the Permitted Holders, in a single transaction or in a related series of transactions, by way of merger, consolidation or other business combination or purchase of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, or any successor provision) of 50% or more of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of EFIH or any of its direct or indirect parent companies; or (3) at any time, EFH Corp. shall cease to own, directly or indirectly, beneficially and of record at least a majority of the total voting power of the voting stock of EFIH: provided , however , that a Permitted Asset Transfer shall not constitute a Change of Control if, (a) in the case of a Permitted Asset Transfer described in clause (2) of the definition of “Permitted Asset Transfer” or a Permitted Asset Transfer described in clause (1) of the definition of “Permitted Asset Transfer” by way of merger, wind-up or consolidation of EFIH with or into another Person, such Permitted Asset Transfer complies with the “Merger, Consolidation or Sale of All or Substantially All Assets” covenant; provided that the Successor Company may not be an Oncor Subsidiary; (b) in the case of a Permitted Asset Transfer described in clause (2) of the definition of “Permitted Asset Transfer” or a Permitted Asset Transfer described in clause (1) of the definition of “Permitted Asset Transfer” by way of merger, wind-up or consolidation of EFIH with or into another Person, the Successor Company has assumed all the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes and the Indenture and the Security Documents to which the Issuer is a party pursuant to agreements, in each case, reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee and the Collateral Trustee, in accordance with the “Merger, Consolidation or Sale of All or Substantially All Assets” covenant; (c) immediately after such transaction no Default exists; (d) immediately after giving pro forma effect to such transaction and any related financing transactions (including, without limitation, any transaction the proceeds of which are applied to reduce the Indebtedness of the Successor Company or EFIH, as the case may be) as if the same had occurred at the beginning of the applicable four-quarter period, either: (i) the Successor Company, or EFIH, as the case may be, would be permitted to incur at least $1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio test described in the first paragraph under “—Certain Covenants—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock”; or 77 Table of Contents (ii) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Indenture) for the Successor Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries or EFIH and its Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be, would be greater than such Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for EFIH and its Restricted Subsidiaries immediately prior to such transaction; (e) the rating on the Notes shall not have been downgraded by two or more of the Rating Agencies (or, if the Notes are rated by only one Rating Agency at the time of the first notice of such Permitted Asset Transfer, such Rating Agency) during the period commencing 30 days prior to the first public notice of the occurrence of a Permitted Asset Transfer or the intention of the Issuer or any Subsidiary thereof to effect a Permitted Asset Transfer and ending on the date 60 days after such notice relative to the rating at the start of such period; and (f) EFIH or the Successor Company, as the case may be, shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel confirming that, subject to customary assumptions, exclusions and qualifications, the existing Security Documents, or to the extent that a Permitted Asset Transfer pursuant to clause (2) of the definition thereof or by way of merger, wind-up or consolidation of EFIH pursuant to clause (1) of the definition thereof is being consummated, the new or amended Security Documents to be entered into by EFIH or the Successor Company, as the case may be, are enforceable obligations of EFIH or the Successor Company, as the case may be, create a legally valid and enforceable security interest in the Collateral in favor of the Collateral Trustee for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes and the other Secured Debt Obligations, and that the security interests in the Collateral created by the Security Documents have been perfected. “ Class ” means (1) in the case of Parity Lien Debt, every Series of Parity Lien Debt, taken together, and (2) in the case of Junior Lien Debt, every Series of Junior Lien Debt, taken together. “ Closing Date ” means October 10, 2007. “ Code ” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any successor thereto. “ Collateral ” means all assets or property, now owned or hereafter acquired by EFIH, to the extent such assets or property are pledged or assigned or purported to be pledged or assigned, or are required to be pledged or assigned under the Security Documents to the Collateral Trustee, together with the proceeds thereof. “ Collateral Asset Sale Offer ” has the meaning set forth under “—Repurchase at the Option of Holders—Asset Sales.” “ Collateral Excess Proceeds ” has the meaning set forth under “—Repurchase at the Option of Holders—Asset Sales.” “ Collateral Trustee ” means The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., in its capacity as Collateral Trustee under the Collateral Trust Agreement, together with its successors in such capacity. “ Collateral Trustee’s Liens ” means a Lien granted to the Collateral Trustee as security for Secured Debt Obligations. 78 Table of Contents “ Consolidated Depreciation and Amortization Expense ” means with respect to any Person for any period, the total amount of depreciation and amortization expense, including the amortization of deferred financing fees, nuclear fuel costs, depletion of coal or lignite reserves, debt issuance costs, commissions, fees and expenses and Capitalized Software Expenditures, of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period on a consolidated basis and otherwise determined in accordance with GAAP. “ Consolidated Interest Expense ” means, with respect to any Person for any period, without duplication, the sum of: (1) consolidated interest expense of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, to the extent such expense was deducted (and not added back) in computing Consolidated Net Income (including (a) amortization of original issue discount resulting from the issuance of Indebtedness at less than par, (b) all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit, bankers’ acceptances or any Collateral Posting Facility or similar facilities, (c) non-cash interest payments (but excluding any non-cash interest expense attributable to the movement in the mark to market valuation of Hedging Obligations or other derivative instruments pursuant to GAAP), (d) the interest component of Capitalized Lease Obligations, and (e) net payments, if any, pursuant to interest rate Hedging Obligations with respect to Indebtedness, and excluding (u) accretion of asset retirement obligations and accretion or accrual of discounted liabilities not constituting Indebtedness, (v) any expense resulting from the discounting of any Indebtedness in connection with the application of purchase accounting, (w) any “additional interest” imposed in connection with failure to register any other securities, (x) amortization of reacquired Indebtedness, deferred financing fees, debt issuance costs, commissions, fees and expenses, (y) any expensing of bridge, commitment and other financing fees and (z) commissions, discounts, yield and other fees and charges (including any interest expense) related to any Receivables Facility); plus (2) interest on Indebtedness of another Person that is guaranteed by EFIH solely to the extent such interest is actually paid by EFIH under such guarantee; plus (3) consolidated capitalized interest of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, whether paid or accrued; less (4) interest income of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period. For purposes of this definition, interest on a Capitalized Lease Obligation shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by such Person to be the rate of interest implicit in such Capitalized Lease Obligation in accordance with GAAP. “ Consolidated Leverage Ratio ” as of any date of determination, means the ratio of (x) Consolidated Total Indebtedness (treating the Oncor Subsidiaries as Restricted Subsidiaries for purposes of such calculation) computed as of the end of the most recent fiscal quarter for which internal financial statements are available immediately preceding the date on which such event for which such calculation is being made shall occur to (y) the aggregate amount of EBITDA of EFIH (treating the Oncor Subsidiaries as Restricted Subsidiaries for purposes of such calculation) for the period of the most recently ended four full consecutive fiscal quarters for which internal financial statements are available immediately preceding the date on which such event for which such calculation is being made shall occur, in each case with such pro forma adjustments to Consolidated Total Indebtedness and such EBITDA as are appropriate and consistent with the pro forma adjustment provisions set forth in the definition of “Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio.” “ Consolidated Net Income ” means, with respect to any Person for any period, the aggregate of the Net Income of such Person for such period, on a consolidated basis, and otherwise determined in accordance with GAAP; provided , however , that, without duplication, (1) any after-tax effect of extraordinary, non-recurring or unusual gains or losses (less all fees and expenses relating thereto) or expenses (including Transaction fees and expenses to the extent incurred on or prior to December 31, 2008), severance, relocation costs, consolidation and closing costs, integration and facilities opening costs, business optimization costs, transition costs, restructuring costs, signing, retention or completion bonuses, and curtailments or modifications to pension and post-retirement employee benefit plans shall be excluded; 79 Table of Contents (2) the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles during such period shall be excluded; (3) any after-tax effect of income (loss) from disposed, abandoned or discontinued operations and any net after-tax gains or losses on disposal of disposed, abandoned, transferred, closed or discontinued operations shall be excluded; (4) any after-tax effect of gains or losses (less all fees and expenses relating thereto) attributable to asset dispositions or abandonments other than in the ordinary course of business, as determined in good faith by EFIH, shall be excluded; (5) the Net Income for such period of any Person that is (a) not a Subsidiary, (b) an Unrestricted Subsidiary or (c) accounted for by the equity method of accounting shall be excluded; provided that Consolidated Net Income of EFIH shall be increased by the amount of dividends or distributions or other payments that are actually paid in cash (or to the extent converted into cash) to the referent Person or a Restricted Subsidiary thereof in respect of such period, other than dividends, distributions or other payments from the Oncor Subsidiaries or any Successor Oncor Business (i) from the proceeds of sales of Oncor-related Assets made after the Issue Date and (ii) consisting of Oncor-related Assets made after the Issue Date; (6) solely for the purpose of determining the amount available for Restricted Payments under clause (3)(a) of the first paragraph under “—Certain Covenants—Limitation on Restricted Payments,” the Net Income for such period of any Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Guarantor) shall be excluded to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by that Restricted Subsidiary of its Net Income is not at the date of determination wholly permitted without any prior governmental approval (which has not been obtained) or, directly or indirectly, by the operation of the terms of its charter or any agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, order, statute, rule, or governmental regulation applicable to that Restricted Subsidiary or its stockholders, unless such restriction with respect to the payment of dividends or similar distributions has been legally waived or is otherwise permitted by the covenant described under “—Certain Covenants—Dividend and Other Payment Restrictions Affecting Restricted Subsidiaries”; provided that Consolidated Net Income of EFIH will be increased by the amount of dividends or other distributions or other payments actually paid in cash (or to the extent converted into cash) or Cash Equivalents to EFIH or a Restricted Subsidiary thereof in respect of such period, to the extent not already included therein; (7) effects of all adjustments (including the effects of such adjustments pushed down to EFIH and its Restricted Subsidiaries) in such Person’s consolidated financial statements pursuant to GAAP resulting from the application of purchase accounting in relation to the Transactions or any consummated acquisition or the amortization or write-off of any amounts thereof, net of taxes, shall be excluded; (8) any net after-tax effect of income (loss) attributable to the early extinguishment of Indebtedness (other than Hedging Obligations) shall be excluded; (9) any impairment charge or asset write-off, including, without limitation, impairment charges or asset write-offs related to intangible assets, long-lived assets or investments in debt and equity securities, in each case, pursuant to GAAP and the amortization of intangibles arising pursuant to GAAP shall be excluded; (10) any non-cash compensation expense recorded from grants of stock appreciation or similar rights, stock options, restricted stock or other rights, and any cash charges associated with the rollover, acceleration or payout of Equity Interests by management of EFIH or any of its direct or indirect parent companies in connection with the Transactions, shall be excluded; 80 Table of Contents (11) any fees and expenses incurred during such period, or any amortization thereof for such period, in connection with any acquisition, Investment, Asset Sale, issuance or repayment of Indebtedness, issuance of Equity Interests, refinancing transaction or amendment or modification of any debt instrument (in each case, including any such transaction consummated prior to the Closing Date and any such transaction undertaken but not completed) and any charges or non-recurring merger costs incurred during such period as a result of any such transaction shall be excluded; (12) accruals and reserves that are established or adjusted within twelve months after the Closing Date that are so required to be established as a result of the Transactions in accordance with GAAP, or changes as a result of adoption or modification of accounting policies, shall be excluded; (13) to the extent covered by insurance and actually reimbursed, or, so long as EFIH has made a determination that there exists reasonable evidence that such amount will in fact be reimbursed by the insurer and only to the extent that such amount is (a) not denied by the applicable carrier in writing within 180 days and (b) in fact reimbursed within 365 days of the date of such evidence (with a deduction for any amount so added back to the extent not so reimbursed within 365 days), expenses with respect to liability or casualty events or business interruption shall be excluded; (14) any net after-tax effect of unrealized income (loss) attributable to Hedging Obligations or other derivative instruments shall be excluded; and (15) any benefit from any fair market value of any contract as recorded on the balance sheet at the time of the Transactions shall be excluded. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the purpose of the covenant described under “—Certain Covenants—Limitation on Restricted Payments” only (other than clause (3)(d) thereof), there shall be excluded from Consolidated Net Income (A) any income arising from any sale or other disposition of Restricted Investments made by EFIH and its Restricted Subsidiaries, any repurchases and redemptions of Restricted Investments from EFIH and its Restricted Subsidiaries, any repayments of loans and advances which constitute Restricted Investments by EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, any sale of the stock of an Unrestricted Subsidiary or any distribution or dividend from an Unrestricted Subsidiary, in each case only to the extent such amounts increase the amount of Restricted Payments permitted under such covenant pursuant to clause (3)(d) thereof and (B) any income described in paragraph (17) of the second paragraph under “—Certain Covenants—Limitation on Restricted Payments.” “ Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio ” means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (x) Consolidated Secured Indebtedness computed as of the end of the most recent fiscal quarter for which internal financial statements are available immediately preceding the date on which such event for which such calculation is being made shall occur to (y) the aggregate amount of EBITDA of EFIH for the period of the most recently ended four full consecutive fiscal quarters for which internal financial statements are available immediately preceding the date on which such event for which such calculation is being made shall occur, in each case with such pro forma adjustments to Consolidated Secured Indebtedness and EBITDA as are appropriate and consistent with the pro forma adjustment provisions set forth in the definition of “Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio.” “ Consolidated Secured Indebte dness” means Consolidated Total Indebtedness secured by a Lien on any assets of EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries. “ Consolidated Total Indebtedness ” means, as at any date of determination, an amount equal to (1) the aggregate amount of all outstanding Indebtedness of EFIH and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis consisting of Indebtedness for borrowed money, debt obligations evidenced by promissory notes and similar instruments, letters of credit (only to the extent of any unreimbursed drawings thereunder) and Obligations in respect of Capitalized Lease Obligations, plus (2) the aggregate amount of all outstanding Disqualified Stock of EFIH and all Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock of its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, with the amount of such Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock equal to the greater of their respective voluntary or involuntary liquidation preferences and maximum fixed repurchase prices, in each case determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, less (3) the aggregate amount of all Unrestricted Cash and less (4) all Deposit L/C Loans and Incremental Deposit L/C Loans outstanding on such date of determination. For purposes hereof, the “ maximum fixed repurchase price ” of any Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock that does not have a fixed repurchase price shall be calculated in accordance with the terms of such Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock as if such Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock were purchased on any date on which Consolidated Total Indebtedness shall be required to be determined, and if such price is based upon, or measured by, the fair market value of such Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, such fair market value shall be determined reasonably and in good faith by EFIH. 81 Table of Contents “ Contingent Obligations ” means, with respect to any Person, any obligation of such Person guaranteeing any leases, dividends or other obligations that do not constitute Indebtedness (“primary obligations”) of any other Person (the “ primary obligor ”) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including, without limitation, any obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent, (1) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (2) to advance or supply funds (a) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation, or (b) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor, or (3) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof. “ Covered Commodity ” means any energy, electricity, generation capacity, power, heat rate, congestion, natural gas, nuclear fuel (including enrichment and conversion), diesel fuel, fuel oil, other petroleum-based liquids, coal, lignite, weather, emissions and other environmental credits, waste by-products renewable energy credit, or any other energy related commodity or service (including ancillary services and related risks (such as location basis)). “ Credit Facilities ” means, with respect to EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, one or more debt facilities or other financing arrangements (including, without limitation, commercial paper facilities or indentures) providing for revolving credit loans, term loans, letters of credit or other long-term indebtedness, including any notes, mortgages, guarantees, collateral documents, instruments and agreements executed in connection therewith, and any amendments, supplements, modifications, extensions, renewals, restatements or refundings thereof and any indentures or credit facilities or commercial paper facilities that replace, refund or refinance any part of the loans, notes, other credit facilities or commitments thereunder, including any such replacement, refunding or refinancing facility or indenture that increases the amount permitted to be borrowed thereunder or alters the maturity thereof (provided that such increase in borrowings is permitted by the covenant described under “—Certain Covenants—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock”) or adds Restricted Subsidiaries as additional borrowers or guarantors thereunder and whether by the same or any other agent, lender or group of lenders. “ Default ” means any event that is, or with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both would be, an Event of Default. “ Deposit L/C Loan ” means any Deposit L/C Loans under, and as defined in, any Credit Facilities. “ Designated Non-cash Consideration ” means the fair market value of non-cash consideration received by EFIH or a Restricted Subsidiary in connection with an Asset Sale that is so designated as Designated Non-cash Consideration pursuant to an Officer’s Certificate, setting forth the basis of such valuation, executed by the principal financial officer of EFIH, less the amount of cash or Cash Equivalents received in connection with a subsequent sale of or collection on such Designated Non-cash Consideration. 82 Table of Contents “ Designated Preferred Stock ” means Preferred Stock of EFIH or any parent corporation thereof (in each case other than Disqualified Stock) that is issued for cash (other than to a Restricted Subsidiary or an employee stock ownership plan or trust established by EFIH or any of its Subsidiaries) and is so designated as Designated Preferred Stock, pursuant to an Officer’s Certificate executed by the principal financial officer of EFIH or the applicable parent corporation thereof, as the case may be, on the issuance date thereof, the cash proceeds of which are excluded from the calculation set forth in clause (3) of the first paragraph under “—Certain Covenants—Limitation on Restricted Payments.” “ Discharge of Parity Lien Obligations ” means the occurrence of all of the following: (1) termination or expiration of all commitments to extend credit that would constitute Parity Lien Debt; (2) payment in full in cash of the principal of, and interest and premium, if any, on, all Parity Lien Debt (other than any undrawn letters of credit); (3) discharge or cash collateralization (at the lower of (A) 105% of the aggregate undrawn amount and (B) the percentage of the aggregate undrawn amount required for release of liens under the terms of the applicable Parity Lien Document) of all outstanding letters of credit constituting Parity Lien Debt; and (4) payment in full in cash of all other Parity Lien Obligations that are outstanding and unpaid at the time the Parity Lien Debt is paid in full in cash (other than any obligations for taxes, costs, indemnifications, reimbursements, damages and other liabilities in respect of which no claim or demand for payment has been made at such time). “ Disqualified Stock ” means, with respect to any Person, any Capital Stock of such Person which, by its terms, or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is putable or exchangeable, or upon the happening of any event, matures or is mandatorily redeemable (other than solely as a result of a change of control or asset sale) pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than solely as a result of a change of control or asset sale), in whole or in part, in each case prior to the date 91 days after the earlier of the maturity date of the Notes or the date the Notes are no longer outstanding; provided , however , that if such Capital Stock is issued to any plan for the benefit of employees of EFIH or its Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees, such Capital Stock shall not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by EFIH or its Subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations. “ EBITDA ” means, with respect to any Person for any period, the Consolidated Net Income of such Person for such period (1) increased (without duplication) by: (a) provision for taxes based on income or profits or capital gains, including, without limitation, foreign, federal, state, franchise, excise, value-added and similar taxes and foreign withholding taxes (including penalties and interest related to such taxes or arising from tax examinations) of such Person paid or accrued during such period, deducted (and not added back) in computing Consolidated Net Income; plus (b) Fixed Charges of such Person for such period (including (x) net losses on Hedging Obligations or other derivative instruments entered into for the purpose of hedging interest rate risk and (y) costs of surety bonds in connection with financing activities, in each case, to the extent included in Fixed Charges), together with items excluded from the definition of “Consolidated Interest Expense” pursuant to clauses (1)(u), (v), (w), (x), (y) and (z) of the definition thereof, and, in each such case, to the extent the same were deducted (and not added back) in calculating such Consolidated Net Income; plus 83 Table of Contents (c) Consolidated Depreciation and Amortization Expense of such Person for such period to the extent the same was deducted (and not added back) in computing Consolidated Net Income; plus (d) any fees, expenses or charges (other than depreciation or amortization expense) related to any Equity Offering, Permitted Investment, acquisition, disposition, recapitalization or the incurrence of Indebtedness permitted to be incurred by such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries by the Indenture (including a refinancing transaction or amendment or other modification of any debt instrument) (whether or not successful), including (i) such fees, expenses or charges related to the Exchange Offer, the offerings of any Additional Notes, any Credit Facilities and any Receivables Facility, (ii) any amendment or other modification of the Notes, (iii) any such transaction consummated prior to the Closing Date and any such transaction undertaken but not completed and (iv) any charges or non-recurring merger costs as a result of any such transaction, in each case, deducted (and not added back) in computing Consolidated Net Income; plus (e) the amount of any restructuring charge or reserve deducted (and not added back) in such period in computing Consolidated Net Income, including any costs incurred in connection with acquisitions after the Closing Date, costs related to the closure and/or consolidation of facilities; plus (f) any other non-cash charges, including any write-offs or write-downs, reducing Consolidated Net Income for such period ( provided that if any such non-cash charges represent an accrual or reserve for potential cash items in any future period, the cash payment in respect thereof in such future period shall be subtracted from EBITDA to such extent, and excluding amortization of a prepaid cash item that was paid in a prior period); plus (g) the amount of any minority interest expense consisting of Subsidiary income attributable to minority equity interests of third parties in any non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary deducted (and not added back) in such period in calculating Consolidated Net Income; plus (h) the amount of management, monitoring, consulting and advisory fees and related indemnities and expenses paid in such period to the Investors to the extent otherwise permitted under “—Certain Covenants—Transactions with Affiliates” and deducted (and not added back) in calculating Consolidated Net Income; plus (i) the amount of net cost savings projected by the Issuer in good faith to be realized as a result of specified actions taken or to be taken prior to or during such period (calculated on a pro forma basis as though such cost savings had been realized on the first day of such period and added to EBITDA until fully realized), net of the amount of actual benefits realized during such period from such actions; provided that (w) such cost savings are reasonably identifiable and factually supportable, (x) such actions have been taken or are to be taken within 12 months after the date of determination to take such action and some portion of the benefit is expected to be realized within 12 months of taking such action, (y) no cost savings shall be added pursuant to this clause (i) to the extent duplicative of any expenses or charges relating to such cost savings that are included in clause (e) above with respect to such period and (z) the aggregate amount of cost savings added pursuant to this clause (i) shall not exceed $50.0 million for any four consecutive quarter period (which adjustments may be incremental to pro forma adjustments made pursuant to the second paragraph of the definition of “Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio”); plus (j) the amount of loss on sales of receivables and related assets to any Receivables Subsidiary in connection with a Receivables Facility deducted (and not added back) in calculating Consolidated Net Income; plus (k) any costs or expense incurred by EFIH or a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to any management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement or any stock subscription or shareholder agreement, to the extent that such cost or expenses are funded with cash proceeds contributed to the capital of EFIH or net cash proceeds of an issuance of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of EFIH (or any direct or indirect parent thereof) solely to the extent that such net cash proceeds are excluded from the calculation set forth in clause (3) of the first paragraph under “—Certain Covenants—Limitation on Restricted Payments”; plus 84 Table of Contents (l) cash receipts (or any netting arrangements resulting in increased cash receipts) not added in arriving at EBITDA or Consolidated Net Income in any period to the extent the non-cash gains relating to such receipts were deducted in the calculation of EBITDA pursuant to paragraph (2) below for any previous period and not added; and (2) decreased by (without duplication) (a) non-cash gains increasing Consolidated Net Income of such Person for such period, excluding any non-cash gains to the extent they represent the reversal of an accrual or reserve for a potential cash item that reduced EBITDA in any prior period, (b) cash expenditures (or any netting arrangements resulting in increased cash expenditures) not deducted in arriving at EBITDA or Consolidated Net Income in any period to the extent non-cash losses relating to such expenditures were added in the calculation of EBITDA pursuant to paragraph (1) above for any previous period and not deducted, and (c) the amount of any minority interest income consisting of Subsidiary losses attributable to minority equity interests of third parties in any non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary to the extent such minority interest income is included in Consolidated Net Income. “ EFH Corp .” means Energy Future Holdings Corp., the parent of EFIH. “ EFH Corp. Notes ” means the 9.75% Senior Secured Notes due 2019 issued by EFH Corp. under the EFH Corp. Notes Indenture, including any guarantees thereof. “ EFH Corp. Notes Indenture ” means the Indenture, dated as of November 16, 2009, under which the EFH Corp. Notes were issued. “ EFH Corp.’s Ratable Portion of Oncor Dividends ” means the amount obtained by multiplying (a) the aggregate amount of cash received by EFIH by means of a cash dividend from the Oncor Subsidiaries after the Issue Date (other than dividends constituting proceeds from Asset Sales of Oncor-related Assets) by (b) a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the sum of the aggregate principal amount of the EFH Corp. Notes and any other Parity Lien Debt of EFH Corp. that is guaranteed by EFIH under clause (2) of the second paragraph of the covenant described under “—Certain Covenants—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock” and the denominator of which shall be the aggregate principal amount of (i) the EFH Corp. Notes and any other Parity Lien Debt of EFH Corp. that is guaranteed by EFIH plus (ii) the Notes, any Additional Notes and any other Parity Lien Debt of EFIH, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii) incurred pursuant to clause (2) of the second paragraph of the covenant described under “—Certain Covenants—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock” and at the time outstanding. “ EFIH ” means Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC; provided that when used in the context of determining the fair market value of an asset or liability under the Indenture, “EFIH” shall be deemed to mean the board of directors of EFIH when the fair market value is equal to or in excess of $500.0 million (unless otherwise expressly stated). “ EMU ” means the economic and monetary union as contemplated in the Treaty on European Union. “ Environmental CapEx Debt ” means Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries incurred for the purpose of financing Environmental Capital Expenditures. “ Environmental Capital Expenditures ” means capital expenditures deemed necessary by the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries to comply with, or in anticipation of having to comply with, Environmental Law or otherwise undertaken voluntarily by EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with environmental matters. “ Environmental Law ” means any applicable Federal, state, foreign or local statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code and rule of common law now or hereafter in effect and in each case as amended, and any applicable judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including any applicable judicial or administrative order, consent decree or judgment, relating to the environment, human health or safety or Hazardous Materials. 85 Table of Contents “ equally and ratably ” means, in reference to sharing of Liens or proceeds thereof as between the holders of Secured Debt Obligations within the same Class after the repayment of amounts payable to the Collateral Trustee under the Collateral Trust Agreement and the Parity Lien Representatives (and in the case of Junior Lien Obligations, Junior Lien Representatives) in accordance with the applicable Secured Debt Document that such Liens or proceeds: (1) will be allocated and distributed first to the Secured Debt Representative for each outstanding Series of Secured Lien Debt within that Class, for the account of the holders of such Series of Secured Lien Debt, ratably in proportion to the principal of, and interest and premium (if any) and reimbursement obligations (contingent or otherwise) with respect to letters of credit, if any, outstanding (whether or not drawings have been made under such letters of credit) forming part of, and Hedging Obligations to the extent constituting Secured Lien Debt pursuant to the terms of, each outstanding Series of Secured Lien Debt within that Class when the allocation or distribution is made; and thereafter (2) will be allocated and distributed (if any remain after payment in full of all of the principal of, and interest and premium (if any) and reimbursement obligations (contingent or otherwise) with respect to letters of credit, if any, outstanding (whether or not drawings have been made on such letters of credit) forming part of, and Hedging Obligations to the extent constituting Secured Indebtedness pursuant to the terms of, each outstanding Series of Secured Lien Debt within that Class) to the Secured Debt Representative for each outstanding Series of Secured Lien Debt within that Class, for the account of the holders of any remaining Secured Debt Obligations within that Class, ratably in proportion to the aggregate unpaid amount of such remaining Secured Debt Obligations within that Class due and demanded (with written notice to the applicable Secured Debt Representative and the Collateral Trustee) prior to the date such distribution is made. “ Equity Interests ” means Capital Stock and all warrants, options or other rights to acquire Capital Stock, but excluding any debt security that is convertible into, or exchangeable for, Capital Stock. “ Equity Offering ” means any public or private sale of common stock or Preferred Stock of EFIH or any of its direct or indirect parent companies (excluding Disqualified Stock), other than: (1) public offerings with respect to EFIH’s or any direct or indirect parent company’s common stock registered on Form S-8; (2) issuances to any Subsidiary of EFIH; and (3) any such public or private sale that constitutes an Excluded Contribution. “ ERCOT ” means the Electric Reliability Council of Texas, Inc. or any entity approved to perform the functions of an independent system operator within the power region that includes approximately 80% of the electric transmission within the State of Texas. “ euro ” means the single currency of participating member states of the EMU. “ Event of Default ” has the meaning set forth under “Events of Default and Remedies.” “ Excess Proceeds ” has the meaning set forth in the fourth paragraph under “—Repurchase at the Option of Holders—Asset Sales.” “ Exchange Act ” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. 86 Table of Contents “ Exchange Offer ” means the exchange of certain existing Indebtedness of EFH Corp. and/or TCEH for the Notes and the EFH Corp. Notes pursuant to the Issuer’s Prospectus dated November 10, 2009. “ Excluded Contribution ” means net cash proceeds, marketable securities or Qualified Proceeds received by EFIH after the Closing Date from (1) contributions to its common equity capital, and (2) the sale (other than to a Subsidiary of EFIH or to any management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement of EFIH or any of its direct or indirect parent companies) of Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock and Designated Preferred Stock) of EFIH, in each case designated as Excluded Contributions pursuant to an Officer’s Certificate executed by the principal financial officer of EFIH on the date such capital contributions are made or the date such Equity Interests are sold, as the case may be, which are excluded from the calculation set forth in clause (3) of the first paragraph under “—Certain Covenants—Limitation on Restricted Payments.” “ Existing EFH Corp. Notes ” means • EFH Corp. 5.55% Fixed Senior Notes Series P due 2014; • EFH Corp. 6.50% Fixed Senior Notes Series Q due 2024; • EFH Corp. 6.55% Fixed Senior Notes Series R due 2034; • EFH Corp. 10.875% Senior Notes due 2017; • EFH Corp. 11.250%/12.000% Senior Toggle Notes due 2017; and • EFH Corp. 4.80% Series O Senior Notes due 2009; in each case to the extent outstanding on the Issue Date. “ Existing EFH Corp. Notes Indentures ” means each of the indentures or other documents containing the terms of the Existing EFH Corp. Notes. “ Fitch ” means Fitch Ratings Ltd. and any successor to its rating agency business. “ Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio ” means, with respect to any Person for any period, the ratio of EBITDA of such Person for such period to the Fixed Charges of such Person for such period. In the event that EFIH or any Restricted Subsidiary incurs, assumes, guarantees, redeems, retires or extinguishes any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness incurred under any revolving credit facility unless such Indebtedness has been permanently repaid and has not been replaced) or issues or redeems Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock subsequent to the commencement of the period for which the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio is being calculated but prior to or simultaneously with the event for which the calculation of the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio is made (the “ Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio Calculation Date ”), then the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio shall be calculated giving pro forma effect to such incurrence, assumption, guarantee, redemption, retirement or extinguishment of Indebtedness, or such issuance or redemption of Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, as if the same had occurred at the beginning of the applicable four-quarter period. For purposes of making the computation referred to above, Investments, acquisitions, dispositions, mergers, consolidations and disposed operations (as determined in accordance with GAAP) that have been made by EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries during the four-quarter reference period or subsequent to such reference period and on or prior to or simultaneously with the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio Calculation Date shall be calculated on a pro forma basis assuming that all such Investments, acquisitions, dispositions, mergers, consolidations and disposed operations (and the change in any associated fixed charge obligations and the change in EBITDA resulting therefrom) had occurred on the first day of the four-quarter reference period. If, since the beginning of such period, any Person that subsequently became a Restricted Subsidiary or was merged with or into EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries since the beginning of such period shall have made any Investment, acquisition, disposition, merger, consolidation or disposed operation that would have required adjustment pursuant to this definition, then the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio shall be calculated giving pro forma effect thereto for such period as if such Investment, acquisition, disposition, merger, consolidation or disposed operation had occurred at the beginning of the applicable four-quarter period. 87 Table of Contents For purposes of this definition, whenever pro forma effect is to be given to a transaction, the pro forma calculations shall be made in good faith by a responsible financial or accounting officer of EFIH. If any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest and is being given pro forma effect, the interest on such Indebtedness shall be calculated as if the rate in effect on the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio Calculation Date had been the applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account any Hedging Obligations applicable to such Indebtedness). Interest on a Capitalized Lease Obligation shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by a responsible financial or accounting officer of EFIH to be the rate of interest implicit in such Capitalized Lease Obligation in accordance with GAAP. For purposes of making the computation referred to above, interest on any Indebtedness under a revolving credit facility computed on a pro forma basis shall be computed based upon the average daily balance of such Indebtedness during the applicable period except as set forth in the first paragraph of this definition. Interest on Indebtedness that may optionally be determined at an interest rate based upon a factor of a prime or similar rate, a eurocurrency interbank offered rate or other rate shall be deemed to have been based upon the rate actually chosen, or, if none, then based upon such optional rate chosen as EFIH may designate. “ Fixed Charges ” means, with respect to any Person for any period, the sum of: (1) Consolidated Interest Expense of such Person for such period; (2) all cash dividends or other distributions paid (excluding items eliminated in consolidation) on any series of Preferred Stock during such period; and (3) all cash dividends or other distributions paid (excluding items eliminated in consolidation) on any series of Disqualified Stock during such period. “ Foreign Subsidiary ” means, with respect to any Person, any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person that is not organized or existing under the laws of the United States, any state or territory thereof or the District of Columbia and any Restricted Subsidiary of such Foreign Subsidiary. “ GAAP ” means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States which are in effect on the Closing Date. “ Government Authority ” means any nation or government, any state, province, territory or other political subdivision thereof, and any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, including without limitation, ERCOT. “ Government Securities ” means securities that are: (1) direct obligations of the United States of America for the timely payment of which its full faith and credit is pledged; or (2) obligations of a Person controlled or supervised by and acting as an agency or instrumentality of the United States of America the timely payment of which is unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation by the United States of America, 88 Table of Contents which, in either case, are not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuers thereof, and shall also include a depository receipt issued by a bank (as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act), as custodian with respect to any such Government Securities or a specific payment of principal of or interest on any such Government Securities held by such custodian for the account of the holder of such depository receipt; provided that (except as required by law) such custodian is not authorized to make any deduction from the amount payable to the holder of such depository receipt from any amount received by the custodian in respect of the Government Securities or the specific payment of principal of or interest on the Government Securities evidenced by such depository receipt. “ guarantee ” means a guarantee (other than by endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection in the ordinary course of business), direct or indirect, in any manner (including letters of credit and reimbursement agreements in respect thereof), of all or any part of any Indebtedness or other obligations. “ Guarantee ” means the guarantee by any Guarantor of the Issuer’s Obligations under the Indenture. “ Guarantor ” means each Restricted Subsidiary that Guarantees the Notes in accordance with the terms of the Indenture. “ Hazardous Materials ” means (a) any petroleum or petroleum products, radioactive materials, friable asbestos, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, transformers or other equipment that contain dielectric fluid containing regulated levels of polychlorinated biphenyls and radon gas; (b) any chemicals, materials or substances defined as or included in the definition of “hazardous substances,” “toxic substances,” “toxic pollutants,” “contaminants,” or “pollutants” or words of similar import, under any applicable Environmental Law; and (c) any other chemical, material or substance, which is prohibited, limited or regulated by any Environmental Law. “ Hedging Obligations ” means with respect to any Person, the obligations of such Person under (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a “ Master Agreement ”), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement and (c) physical or financial commodity contracts or agreements, power purchase or sale agreements, fuel purchase or sale agreements, environmental credit purchase or sale agreements, power transmission agreements, commodity transportation agreements, fuel storage agreements, netting agreements (including Netting Agreements), capacity agreement and commercial or trading agreements, each with respect to, or including the purchase, sale, exchange of (or the option to purchase, sell or exchange), transmission, transportation, storage, distribution, processing, sale, lease or hedge of, any Covered Commodity price or price indices for any such Covered Commodity or services or any other similar derivative agreements, and any other similar agreements. “ Holder ” means the Person in whose name a Note is registered on the registrar’s books. “ Incremental Deposit L/C Loans ” means any Incremental Deposit L/C Loans under, and as defined in, any Credit Facilities. “ Indebtedness ” means, with respect to any Person, without duplication: (1) any indebtedness (including principal and premium) of such Person, whether or not contingent: (a) in respect of borrowed money; (b) evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures or similar instruments or letters of credit or bankers’ acceptances (or, without duplication, reimbursement agreements in respect thereof); 89 Table of Contents (c) representing the balance deferred and unpaid of the purchase price of any property (including Capitalized Lease Obligations), except (i) any such balance that constitutes a trade payable or similar obligation to a trade creditor, in each case accrued in the ordinary course of business and (ii) any earn-out obligations until such obligation becomes a liability on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP; or (d) representing any Hedging Obligations; if and to the extent that any of the foregoing Indebtedness (other than letters of credit and Hedging Obligations) would appear as a liability upon a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP; (2) to the extent not otherwise included, any obligation by such Person to be liable for, or to pay, as obligor, guarantor or otherwise on, the obligations of the type referred to in clause (1) of a third Person (whether or not such items would appear upon the balance sheet of the such obligor or guarantor), other than by endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection in the ordinary course of business; and (3) to the extent not otherwise included, the obligations of the type referred to in clause (1) of a third Person secured by a Lien on any asset owned by such first Person, whether or not such Indebtedness is assumed by such first Person; provided that the amount of Indebtedness of such first Person for purposes of this clause (3) shall be deemed to be equal to the lesser of (i) the aggregate unpaid amount of such Indebtedness and (ii) the fair market value of the property encumbered thereby as determined by such first Person in good faith; provided , however , that notwithstanding the foregoing, Indebtedness shall be deemed not to include (a) Contingent Obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business or (b) obligations under or in respect of Receivables Facilities or (c) amounts payable by and between EFIH and its Subsidiaries in connection with retail clawback or other regulatory transition issues. “ Independent Financial Advisor ” means an accounting, appraisal, investment banking firm or consultant to Persons engaged in Similar Businesses of nationally recognized standing that is, in the good faith judgment of EFIH, qualified to perform the task for which it has been engaged. “ Intercompany Loan ” means a senior, unsecured loan by EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to EFH Corp., with an interest rate commensurate with an arm’s length relationship. “ Investment Grade Rating ” means a rating equal to or higher than Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moody’s, BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P, or an equivalent rating by any other Rating Agency. “ Investment Grade Securities ” means: (1) securities issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States government or any agency or instrumentality thereof (other than Cash Equivalents); (2) debt securities or debt instruments with an Investment Grade Rating, but excluding any debt securities or instruments constituting loans or advances among EFIH and its Subsidiaries; (3) investments in any fund that invests exclusively in investments of the type described in clauses (1) and (2) which fund may also hold immaterial amounts of cash pending investment or distribution; and (4) corresponding instruments in countries other than the United States customarily utilized for high quality investments. 90 Table of Contents “ Investments ” means, with respect to any Person, all investments by such Person in other Persons (including Affiliates) in the form of loans (including guarantees), advances or capital contributions (excluding accounts receivable, trade credit, advances to customers, commissions, travel and similar advances to officers and employees, in each case made in the ordinary course of business), purchases or other acquisitions for consideration of Indebtedness, Equity Interests or other securities issued by any other Person and investments that are required by GAAP to be classified on the balance sheet (excluding the footnotes) of EFIH in the same manner as the other investments included in this definition to the extent such transactions involve the transfer of cash or other property. For purposes of the definition of “Unrestricted Subsidiary” and the covenant described under “—Certain Covenants—Limitation on Restricted Payments”: (1) “ Investments ” shall include the portion (proportionate to EFIH’s equity interest in such Subsidiary) of the fair market value of the net assets of a Subsidiary of EFIH at the time that such Subsidiary is designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary; provided , however , that upon a redesignation of such Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary, EFIH shall be deemed to continue to have a permanent “Investment” in an Unrestricted Subsidiary in an amount (if positive) equal to: (a) EFIH’s “Investment” in such Subsidiary at the time of such redesignation; less (b) the portion (proportionate to EFIH’s equity interest in such Subsidiary) of the fair market value of the net assets of such Subsidiary at the time of such redesignation; and (2) any property transferred to or from an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall be valued at its fair market value at the time of such transfer, in each case as determined in good faith by EFIH. “ Investors ” means Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P., TPG Capital, L.P., J.P. Morgan Ventures Corporation, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, Goldman, Sachs & Co. and LB I Group, Inc. and each of their respective Affiliates but not including, however, any portfolio companies of any of the foregoing. “ Issue Date ” means November 16, 2009. “ Issuer ” has the meaning set forth in the first paragraph under “General.” “ Junior Lien ” means a Lien granted by a security document to the Collateral Trustee, at any time, upon any Collateral to secure Junior Lien Obligations. “ Junior Lien Debt ” means: (1) any Indebtedness (including letters of credit and reimbursement obligations with respect thereto) of the Issuer or any Guarantor that is secured on a subordinated basis to the Parity Lien Debt by a Junior Lien that was permitted to be incurred and so secured under each applicable Secured Debt Document; provided that: (a) on or before the date on which such Indebtedness is incurred by the Issuer or such Guarantor, such Indebtedness is designated by the Issuer, in accordance with the Collateral Trust Agreement, as “Junior Lien Debt” for the purposes of the Secured Debt Documents, including the Collateral Trust Agreement; provided that no Series of Secured Lien Debt may be designated as both Junior Lien Debt and Parity Lien Debt; (b) such Indebtedness is governed by an indenture, credit agreement or other agreement that includes a Lien Sharing and Priority Confirmation; and (c) all requirements set forth in the Collateral Trust Agreement as to the confirmation, grant or perfection of the Collateral Trustee’s Liens to secure such Indebtedness or Obligations in respect thereof are satisfied (and the satisfaction of such requirements will be conclusively established if the Issuer delivers to the Collateral Trustee an officers’ certificate stating that such requirements have been satisfied and that such Indebtedness is “Junior Lien Debt”); and 91 Table of Contents (2) Hedging Obligations of the Issuer or any Guarantor incurred to hedge or manage interest rate risk with respect to Junior Lien Debt; provided that, pursuant to the terms of the Junior Lien Documents, such Hedging Obligations are secured by a Junior Lien on all of the assets and properties that secure the Indebtedness in respect of which such Hedging Obligations are incurred. “ Junior Lien Documents ” means, collectively, any indenture, credit agreement or other agreement governing a Series of Junior Lien Debt and the Security Documents that create or perfect Liens securing Junior Lien Obligations. “ Junior Lien Obligations ” means Junior Lien Debt and all other Obligations in respect thereof. “ Junior Lien Representative ” means, in the case of any future Series of Junior Lien Debt, the trustee, agent or representative of the holders of such Series of Junior Lien Debt who (a) is appointed as a Junior Lien Representative (for purposes related to the administration of the Security Documents) pursuant to the indenture, credit agreement or other agreement governing such Series of Junior Lien Debt, together with its successors in such capacity, and (b) has become a party to the Collateral Trust Agreement by executing a joinder in the form required under the Collateral Trust Agreement. “ Legal Holiday ” means a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which commercial banking institutions are not required to be open in the State of New York. “ Lien ” means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, lien (statutory or otherwise), pledge, hypothecation, charge, security interest, preference, priority or encumbrance of any kind in respect of such asset, whether or not filed, recorded or otherwise perfected under applicable law, including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any lease in the nature thereof, any option or other agreement to sell or give a security interest in and any filing of or agreement to give any financing statement under the Uniform Commercial Code (or equivalent statutes) of any jurisdiction; provided that in no event shall an operating lease be deemed to constitute a Lien. “ Lien Sharing and Priority Confirmation ” means: (1) as to any Series of Parity Lien Debt, the written agreement enforceable against the holders of such Series of Parity Lien Debt, as set forth in the applicable Secured Debt Document: (a) for the enforceable benefit of all holders of each existing and future Series of Parity Lien Debt and each existing and future Parity Lien Representative, that all Parity Lien Obligations will be and are secured equally and ratably by all Parity Liens at any time granted by the Issuer or any Guarantor to secure any Obligations in respect of such Series of Parity Lien Debt, and that all such Parity Liens will be enforceable by the Collateral Trustee for the benefit of all holders of Parity Lien Obligations equally and ratably; (b) for the enforceable benefit of all holders of each existing and future Series of Parity Lien Debt and Series of Junior Lien Debt, and each existing and future Parity Lien Representative and Junior Lien Representative, that the holders of Obligations in respect of such Series of Parity Lien Debt are bound by the provisions of the Collateral Trust Agreement, including the provisions relating to the ranking of Parity Liens and the order of application of proceeds from enforcement of Parity Liens; and (c) consenting to and directing the Collateral Trustee to perform its obligations under the Collateral Trust Agreement and the other security documents in respect of the Secured Debt Obligations. (2) as to any Series of Junior Lien Debt, the written agreement enforceable against the holders of such Series of Junior Lien Debt, as set forth in the applicable Secured Debt Document: (a) for the enforceable benefit of all holders of each existing and future Series of Junior Lien Debt and Series of Parity Lien Debt and each existing and future Junior Lien Representative and Parity Lien Representative, that all Junior Lien Obligations will be and are secured equally and ratably by all Junior Liens at any time granted by the Issuer or any Guarantor to secure any Obligations in respect of such Series of Junior Lien Debt, and that all such Junior Liens will be enforceable by the Collateral Trustee for the benefit of all holders of Junior Lien Obligations equally and ratably; 92 Table of Contents (b) for the enforceable benefit of all holders of each existing and future Series of Parity Lien Debt and Series of Junior Lien Debt and each existing and future Parity Lien Representative and Junior Lien Representative, that the holders of Obligations in respect of such Series of Junior Lien Debt are bound by the provisions of the Collateral Trust Agreement, including the provisions relating to the ranking of Junior Liens and the order of application of proceeds from the enforcement of Junior Liens; and (c) consenting to and directing the Collateral Trustee to perform its obligations under the Collateral Trust Agreement and the other security documents in respect of the Secured Debt Obligations. “ Moody’s ” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor to its rating agency business. “ Necessary CapEx Debt ” means Indebtedness of EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries incurred for the purpose of financing Necessary Capital Expenditures. “ Necessary Capital Expenditures ” means capital expenditures by EFIH and its Restricted Subsidiaries that are required by applicable law (other than Environmental Law) or otherwise undertaken voluntarily for health and safety reasons (other than as required by Environmental Law). The term “Necessary Capital Expenditures” does not include any capital expenditure undertaken primarily to increase the efficiency of, expand or re-power any power generation facility. “ Net Income ” means, with respect to any Person, the net income (loss) of such Person, determined in accordance with GAAP and before any reduction in respect of Preferred Stock dividends. “ Net Proceeds ” means the aggregate cash proceeds and Cash Equivalents received by EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of any Asset Sale (including a Casualty Event), including any cash and Cash Equivalents received upon the sale or other disposition of any Designated Non-cash Consideration received in any Asset Sale (including a Casualty Event), net of the direct costs relating to such Asset Sale (including a Casualty Event) and the sale or disposition of such Designated Non-cash Consideration, including legal, accounting and investment banking fees, and brokerage and sales commissions, any relocation expenses incurred as a result thereof, taxes paid or payable as a result thereof (after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions and any tax sharing arrangements), amounts required to be applied using proceeds from Asset Sales (other than Asset Sales of Collateral or other Oncor-related Assets) to the repayment of principal, premium, if any, and interest on other Senior Indebtedness required (other than required by clause (1) of the second paragraph under “—Repurchase at the Option of Holders—Asset Sales”) to be paid as a result of such transaction and any deduction of appropriate amounts to be provided by EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries as a reserve in accordance with GAAP against any liabilities associated with the asset disposed of in such transaction and retained by EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries after such sale or other disposition thereof, including pension and other post-employment benefit liabilities and liabilities related to environmental matters or against any indemnification obligations associated with such transaction. “ Netting Agreement ” shall mean a netting agreement, master netting agreement or other similar document having the same effect as a netting agreement or master netting agreement and, as applicable, any collateral annex, security agreement or other similar document related to any master netting agreement or Permitted Contract. 93 Table of Contents “ Note Obligations ” means the Notes, the Guarantees and all other Obligations of any of the Issuer and any Guarantors under the Indenture, the Notes, the Guarantees and the Security Documents. “ Obligations ” means any principal, interest (including any interest accruing subsequent to the filing of a petition in bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding at the rate provided for in the documentation with respect thereto, whether or not such interest is an allowed claim under applicable state, federal or foreign law), premium, penalties, fees, indemnifications, reimbursements (including reimbursement obligations with respect to letters of credit and bankers’ acceptances), damages and other liabilities, and guarantees of payment of such principal, interest, penalties, fees, indemnifications, reimbursements, damages and other liabilities, payable under the documentation governing any Indebtedness. “ Officer ” means the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, any Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President or Vice President, the Treasurer or the Secretary of EFIH or other Person, as the case may be. “ Officer’s Certificate ” means a certificate signed on behalf of EFIH by an Officer of EFIH or on behalf of another Person by an Officer of such Person, who must be the principal executive officer, the principal financial officer, the treasurer or the principal accounting officer of EFIH or such other Person, as applicable, that meets the requirements set forth in the Indenture. “ Oncor Electric Delivery Facility ” means the revolving credit agreement entered into as of the Closing Date by and among Oncor Electric Delivery, as borrower, the lenders party thereto in their capacities as lenders thereunder and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, including any guarantees, collateral documents, instruments and agreements executed in connection therewith, and any amendments, supplements, modifications, extensions, renewals, restatements, refundings or refinancings thereof and any indentures or credit facilities or commercial paper facilities with banks or other institutional lenders or investors that replace, refund or refinance any part of the loans, notes, other credit facilities or commitments thereunder, including any such replacement, refunding or refinancing facility or indenture that increases the amount borrowable thereunder or alters the maturity thereof. “ Oncor Holdings ” means Oncor Electric Delivery Holdings Company LLC. “ Oncor-related Assets ” means the Equity Interests of any of the Oncor Subsidiaries or any Successor Oncor Business (including the Collateral) owned by EFIH or any Oncor Subsidiary or any Successor Oncor Business or constituting a primary issuance of such Equity Interests to the extent such issuance would constitute an Asset Sale and any assets owned directly or indirectly by any of the Oncor Subsidiaries or any Successor Oncor Business. “ Oncor Subsidiaries ” means Oncor Holdings and its Subsidiaries, all of which shall be Unrestricted Subsidiaries on the Issue Date. “ Opinion of Counsel ” means a written opinion from legal counsel who is acceptable to the Trustee. The counsel may be an employee of or counsel to the Issuer or the Trustee. “ Parity Lien ” means a Lien granted by a security document to the Collateral Trustee, at any time, upon any Collateral to secure Parity Lien Obligations. “ Parity Lien Debt ” means: (1) the Notes issued by the Issuer under the Indenture on the Issue Date and any Additional Notes issued under the Indenture; (2) any other Indebtedness (including letters of credit and reimbursement obligations with respect thereto) of EFIH, including the guarantee by EFIH of any indebtedness of any other Person, including the EFH Corp. Notes, that is secured equally and ratably with the Notes by a Parity Lien that was permitted to be incurred and so secured under each applicable Secured Debt Document; provided , in the case of Indebtedness referred to in this clause (2), that, except with respect to the EFH Corp. Notes issued on the Issue Date: (a) on or before the date on which such Indebtedness is incurred by EFIH, such Indebtedness is designated by EFIH, in accordance with the Collateral Trust Agreement, as “Parity Lien Debt” for the purposes of the Secured Debt Documents; provided that no Series of Secured Lien Debt may be designated as both Parity Lien Debt and Junior Lien Debt; 94 Table of Contents (b) such Indebtedness is governed by an indenture, credit agreement or other agreement that includes a Lien Sharing and Priority Confirmation; and (c) all requirements set forth in the Collateral Trust Agreement as to the confirmation, grant or perfection of the Collateral Trustee’s Lien to secure such Indebtedness or Obligations in respect thereof are satisfied (and the satisfaction of such requirements will be conclusively established if EFIH delivers to the Collateral Trustee an Officer’s Certificate stating that such requirements have been satisfied and that such notes or such Indebtedness is “Parity Lien Debt”); and (3) Hedging Obligations of EFIH incurred to hedge or manage interest rate risk with respect to Parity Lien Debt; provided that, pursuant to the terms of the Parity Lien Documents, such Hedging Obligations are secured by a Parity Lien on all of the assets and properties that secure the Indebtedness in respect of which such Hedging Obligations are incurred. “ Parity Lien Documents ” means the Indenture and any additional indenture, credit agreement or other agreement governing a Series of Parity Lien Debt and the Security Documents that create or perfect Liens securing Parity Lien Obligations. “ Parity Lien Obligations ” means Parity Lien Debt and all other Obligations in respect thereof. “ Parity Lien Representative ” means (1) the Trustee, in the case of the Notes, (2) The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., in the case of the EFH Corp. Notes or (3) in the case of any other Series of Parity Lien Debt, the trustee, agent or representative of the holders of such Series of Parity Lien Debt who (a) is appointed as a Parity Lien Representative (for purposes related to the administration of the Security Documents) pursuant to the indenture, credit agreement or other agreement governing such Series of Parity Lien Debt, together with its successors in such capacity, and (b) has become a party to the Collateral Trust Agreement by executing a joinder in the form required under the Collateral Trust Agreement. “ Permitted Asset Swap ” means the concurrent purchase and sale or exchange of Related Business Assets or a combination of Related Business Assets and cash or Cash Equivalents between EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and another Person; provided, that any cash or Cash Equivalents received must be applied in accordance with the covenant described under “—Repurchase at the Option of Holders—Asset Sales.” “ Permitted Asset Transfer ” means (1) the direct or indirect sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (including by way of merger, wind-up or consolidation) or spin-off by dividend of the Equity Interests of EFIH such that EFIH is no longer a Subsidiary of EFH Corp. (including without limitation a merger of EFIH with and into EFH Corp.) or (2) the sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger, wind-up or consolidation) of all of the Equity Interests of, and other Investments in, the Oncor Subsidiaries, Successor Oncor Businesses and all other Collateral held by EFIH to a Person (other than an Oncor Subsidiary) that shall continue to hold such Equity Interests, other Investments and any other Collateral, in each case other than any foreclosure on the Collateral. “ Permitted Holders ” means each of the Investors, members of management (including directors) of EFIH or any of its direct or indirect parent companies or Subsidiaries who on the Closing Date were or at any time prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date were holders of Equity Interests of EFIH (or any of its direct or indirect parent companies) and any group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act or any successor provision) of which any of the foregoing are members; provided that, in the case of such group and without giving effect to the existence of such group or any other group, such Investors and members of management, collectively, have beneficial ownership of more than 50% of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of EFIH or any of its direct or indirect parent companies. 95 Table of Contents “ Permitted Investments ” means: (1) any Investment in EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; (2) any Investment in cash and Cash Equivalents or Investment Grade Securities; (3) any Investment by EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in a Person that is engaged in a Similar Business if as a result of such Investment: (a) such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary; or (b) such Person, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, is merged or consolidated with or into, or transfers or conveys substantially all of its assets to, or is liquidated into, EFIH or a Restricted Subsidiary, and, in each case, any Investment held by such Person; provided that such Investment was not acquired by such Person in contemplation of such acquisition, merger, consolidation or transfer; (4) any Investment in securities or other assets not constituting cash, Cash Equivalents or Investment Grade Securities and received in connection with an Asset Sale made pursuant to the provisions described under “—Repurchase at the Option of Holders—Asset Sales” or any other disposition of assets not constituting an Asset Sale; (5) any Investment existing on the Issue Date; (6) any Investment acquired by EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries: (a) in exchange for any other Investment or accounts receivable held by EFIH or any such Restricted Subsidiary in connection with or as a result of a bankruptcy, workout, reorganization or recapitalization of the issuer of such other Investment or accounts receivable; or (b) as a result of a foreclosure by EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment in default; (7) Hedging Obligations permitted under clause (10) of the second paragraph of the covenant described under “—Certain Covenants—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock”; (8) any Investment in a Similar Business having an aggregate fair market value, taken together with all other Investments made pursuant to this clause (8) that are at that time outstanding, not to exceed 3.5% of Total Assets at the time of such Investment (with the fair market value of each Investment being measured at the time made and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value); (9) Investments the payment for which consists of Equity Interests (exclusive of Disqualified Stock) of EFIH or any of its direct or indirect parent companies; provided , however , that such Equity Interests will not increase the amount available for Restricted Payments under clause (3) of the first paragraph under the covenant described under “—Certain Covenants—Limitations on Restricted Payments”; (10) guarantees of Indebtedness of EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries permitted under the covenant described under “—Certain Covenants—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock”; 96 Table of Contents (11) any transaction to the extent it constitutes an Investment that is permitted and made in accordance with the provisions of the second paragraph of the covenant described under “—Certain Covenants—Transactions with Affiliates” (except transactions described in clauses (2), (5) and (9) of such paragraph); (12) Investments consisting of purchases and acquisitions of inventory, fuel (including all forms of nuclear fuel), supplies, material or equipment; (13) additional Investments having an aggregate fair market value, taken together with all other Investments made pursuant to this clause (13) that are at that time outstanding (without giving effect to the sale of an Investment to the extent the proceeds of such sale do not consist of cash or marketable securities), not to exceed 3.5% of Total Assets at the time of such Investment (with the fair market value of each Investment being measured at the time made and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value); (14) Investments relating to a Receivables Subsidiary that, in the good faith determination of EFIH, are necessary or advisable to effect any Receivables Facility for the benefit of EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; (15) advances to, or guarantees of Indebtedness of, employees not in excess of $25.0 million outstanding at any one time, in the aggregate; (16) loans and advances to officers, directors and employees for business-related travel expenses, moving expenses and other similar expenses, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practices or to fund such Person’s purchase of Equity Interests of EFIH or any direct or indirect parent company thereof; (17) any Investment in any Subsidiary or any joint venture in connection with intercompany cash management arrangements or related activities arising in the ordinary course of business; or (18) (A) Investments in Indebtedness of TCEH or EFH Corp. received by EFIH (i) in exchange for the Notes in the Exchange Offer or (ii) in exchange for Indebtedness of TCEH or EFH Corp. received in exchange for the Notes in the Exchange Offer and (B) Investments in Indebtedness of EFH Corp. or its Subsidiaries received by EFIH in exchange for other Indebtedness of EFIH or any Guarantor incurred under clause (2) under the second paragraph under “—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock” covenant, including in the case of both (A) and (B) above, for the avoidance of doubt, the exchanges of any such Indebtedness, which shall be deemed to be “Permitted Investments” hereunder. “ Permitted Liens ” means, with respect to any Person: (1) pledges or deposits by such Person under workmen’s compensation laws, unemployment insurance laws or similar legislation, or good faith deposits in connection with bids, tenders, contracts (other than for the payment of Indebtedness) or leases to which such Person is a party, or deposits to secure public or statutory obligations of such Person or deposits of cash or U.S. government bonds to secure surety or appeal bonds to which such Person is a party, or deposits as security for contested taxes or import duties or for the payment of rent, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business (including in connection with the construction or restoration of facilities for the generation, transmission or distribution of electricity) or otherwise constituting Permitted Investments; (2) Liens imposed by law, such as carriers’, warehousemen’s and mechanics’ Liens, in each case for sums not yet overdue for a period of more than 30 days or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings or other Liens arising out of judgments or awards against such Person with respect to which such Person shall then be proceeding with an appeal or other proceedings for review if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of such Person in accordance with GAAP; 97 Table of Contents (3) Liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental charges not yet overdue for a period of more than 30 days or payable or subject to penalties for nonpayment or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of such Person in accordance with GAAP; (4) Liens in favor of issuers of performance and surety bonds or bid bonds or with respect to other regulatory requirements or letters of credit issued pursuant to the request of and for the account of such Person in the ordinary course of its business; (5) minor survey or title exceptions or irregularities, minor encumbrances, easements or reservations of, or rights of others for, licenses, permits, conditions, covenants, rights-of-way, sewers, electric lines, telegraph and telephone lines and other similar purposes, or zoning or other restrictions as to the use of real properties or Liens incidental to the conduct of the business of such Person or to the ownership of its properties which were not incurred in connection with Indebtedness and which do not in the aggregate materially adversely affect the value of said properties or materially impair their use in the operation of the business of such Person; (6) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to clause (4), (12) or (13) of the second paragraph under “—Certain Covenants—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock”; provided that (a) Liens securing Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock permitted to be incurred pursuant to clause (13) relate only to Refinancing Indebtedness that serves to refund or refinance Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred under clause (4) or (12) of the second paragraph under “—Certain Covenants—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock,” and (b) Liens securing Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock permitted to be incurred pursuant to clause (4) of the second paragraph under “—Certain Covenants—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock” extend only to the assets so financed, purchased, constructed or improved; (7) Liens existing on the Issue Date; (8) Liens on property or shares of stock of a Person at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary; provided , however , such Liens are not created or incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such other Person becoming such a Subsidiary; provided , further , however , that such Liens may not extend to any other property owned by EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; (9) Liens on property at the time EFIH or a Restricted Subsidiary acquired the property, including any acquisition by means of a merger or consolidation with or into EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; provided, however, that such Liens are not created or incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such acquisition; provided, further, however, that the Liens may not extend to any other property owned by EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; (10) Liens securing Indebtedness or other obligations of a Restricted Subsidiary owing to EFIH or another Restricted Subsidiary permitted to be incurred in accordance with the covenant described under “—Certain Covenants—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock”; (11) Liens securing Hedging Obligations, of EFIH or its Restricted Subsidiaries incurred under clause (10) of the second paragraph under “—Certain Covenants—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock”; provided that such agreements were entered into in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes (as determined by EFIH in its reasonable discretion acting in good faith) and, in the case of any commodity Hedging Obligations or any Hedging Obligation of the type described in clause (c) of the definition of “Hedging Obligations,” entered into in order to hedge against or manage fluctuations in the price or availability of any Covered Commodity; 98 Table of Contents (12) Liens on specific items of inventory or other goods and proceeds of any Person securing such Person’s obligations in respect of bankers’ acceptances issued or created for the account of such Person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or other goods; (13) leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses granted to others in the ordinary course of business which do not materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; (14) Liens arising from Uniform Commercial Code financing statement filings regarding operating leases entered into by EFIH and its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; (15) Liens in favor of EFIH or any Guarantor; (16) [Intentionally omitted]; (17) Liens on accounts receivable, other Receivables Facility assets, or accounts into which collections or proceeds of Receivables Facility assets are deposited, in each case in connection with a Receivables Facility for the benefit of EFIH or its Restricted Subsidiaries; (18) Liens to secure any refinancing, refunding, extension, renewal or replacement (or successive refinancing, refunding, extensions, renewals or replacements) as a whole, or in part, of any Indebtedness secured by any Lien referred to in the foregoing clauses (6), (7), (8) and (9); provided , however , that (a) such new Lien shall be limited to all or part of the same property that secured the original Lien (plus improvements on such property), and (b) the Indebtedness secured by such Lien at such time is not increased to any amount greater than the sum of (i) the outstanding principal amount or, if greater, committed amount of the Indebtedness described under clauses (6), (7), (8), and (9) at the time the original Lien became a Permitted Lien under the Indenture, and (ii) an amount necessary to pay any fees and expenses, including premiums, related to such refinancing, refunding, extension, renewal or replacement; (19) deposits made in the ordinary course of business to secure liability to insurance carriers; (20) other Liens securing obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business which obligations do not exceed $100.0 million at any one time outstanding; (21) Liens securing judgments for the payment of money not constituting an Event of Default under clause (5) under “—Events of Default and Remedies” so long as such Liens are adequately bonded and any appropriate legal proceedings that may have been duly initiated for the review of such judgment have not been finally terminated or the period within which such proceedings may be initiated has not expired; (22) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business; (23) Liens (i) of a collection bank arising under Section 4-210 of the Uniform Commercial Code, or any comparable or successor provision, on items in the course of collection, and (ii) in favor of banking institutions arising as a matter of law encumbering deposits (including the right of set-off) and which are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry; (24) Liens deemed to exist in connection with Investments in repurchase agreements permitted by the covenant described under “—Certain Covenants—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock”; provided that such Liens do not extend to any assets other than those that are the subject of such repurchase agreements; (25) ground leases or subleases, licenses or sublicenses in respect of real property on which facilities owned or leased by EFIH or any of its Subsidiaries are located; 99 Table of Contents (26) Liens that are contractual rights of set-off (i) relating to the establishment of depository relations with banks not given in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness, (ii) relating to pooled deposit or sweep accounts of EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business of EFIH and its Restricted Subsidiaries or (iii) relating to purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers of EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; (27) Liens arising out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for the sale or purchase of goods entered into by EFIH or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business; (28) rights reserved to or vested in others to take or receive any part of, or royalties related to, the power, gas, oil, coal, lignite or other minerals or timber generated, developed, manufactured or produced by, or grown on, or acquired with, any property of EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and Liens upon the production from property of power, gas, oil, coal, lignite or other minerals or timber, and the by-products and proceeds thereof, to secure the obligations to pay all or a part of the expenses of exploration, drilling, mining or development of such property only out of such production or proceeds; (29) Liens arising out of all presently existing and future division and transfer orders, advance payment agreements, processing contracts, gas processing plant agreements, operating agreements, gas balancing or deferred production agreements, pooling, unitization or communitization agreements, pipeline, gathering or transportation agreements, platform agreements, drilling contracts, injection or repressuring agreements, cycling agreements, construction agreements, salt water or other disposal agreements, leases or rental agreements, farm-out and farm-in agreements, exploration and development agreements, and any and all other contracts or agreements covering, arising out of, used or useful in connection with or pertaining to the exploration, development, operation, production, sale, use, purchase, exchange, storage, separation, dehydration, treatment, compression, gathering, transportation, processing, improvement, marketing, disposal or handling of any property of EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, provided that such agreements are entered into in the ordinary course of business (including in respect of construction and restoration activities); (30) any restrictions on any stock or stock equivalents or other joint venture interests of EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries providing for a breach, termination or default under any owners, participation, shared facility, joint venture, stockholder, membership, limited liability company or partnership agreement between such Person and one or more other holders of such stock or stock equivalents or interest of such Person, if a security interest or other Lien is created on such stock or stock equivalents or interest as a result thereof and other similar Liens; (31) [Intentionally omitted]; (32) Liens and other exceptions to title, in either case on or in respect of any facilities of EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, arising as a result of any shared facility agreement entered into with respect to such facility, except to the extent that any such Liens or exceptions, individually or in the aggregate, materially adversely affect the value of the relevant property or materially impair the use of the relevant property in the operation of business of EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; 100 Table of Contents (33) Liens on cash and Cash Equivalents (i) deposited by EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in margin accounts with or on behalf of brokers, credit clearing organizations, independent system operators, regional transmission organizations, pipelines, state agencies, federal agencies, futures contract brokers, customers, trading counterparties, or any other parties or issuers of surety bonds or (ii) pledged or deposited as collateral by EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries with any of the entities described in clause (i) above to secure their respective obligations, in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii) above, with respect to: (A) any contracts and transactions for the purchase, sale, exchange of, or the option (whether physical or financial) to purchase, sell or exchange (1) natural gas, (2) electricity, (3) coal and lignite, (4) petroleum-based liquids, (5) oil, (6) nuclear fuel (including enrichment and conversion), (7) emissions or other environmental credits, (8) waste byproducts, (9) weather, (10) power and other generation capacity, (11) heat rate, (12) congestion, (13) renewal energy credit, or (14) any other energy-related commodity or services or derivative (including ancillary services and related risk (such as location basis)); (B) any contracts or transactions for the purchase, processing, transmission, transportation, distribution, sale, lease, hedge or storage of, or any other services related to any commodity or service identified in subparts (1) through (14) above, including any capacity agreement; (C) any financial derivative agreement (including but not limited to swaps, options or swaptions) related to any commodity identified in subparts (1) through (14) above, or to any interest rate or currency rate management activities; (D) any agreement for membership or participation in an organization that facilitates or permits the entering into or clearing of any netting agreement or any agreement described in this clause (33); (E) any agreement combining part or all of a netting agreement or part or all of any of the agreements described in this clause (33); (E) any document relating to any agreement described in this clause (33) that is filed with a Government Authority and any related service agreements; or (F) any commercial or trading agreements, each with respect to, or involving the purchase, transmission, distribution, sale, lease or hedge of, any energy, generation capacity or fuel, or any other energy related commodity or service, price or price indices for any such commodities or services or any other similar derivative agreements, and any other similar agreements (such agreements described in clauses (A) through (F) of this clause (33) being collectively, “ Permitted Contracts ”), Netting Agreements, Hedging Obligations and letters of credit supporting Permitted Contracts, Netting Agreements and Hedging Obligations; (34) Liens arising under Section 9.343 of the Texas Uniform Commercial Code or similar statutes of states other than Texas; (35) Liens created in the ordinary course of business in favor of banks and other financial institutions over credit balances of any bank accounts of EFIH and its Subsidiaries held at such banks or financial institutions, as the case may be, to facilitate the operation of cash pooling and/or interest set-off arrangements in respect of such bank accounts in the ordinary course of business; (36) any zoning, land use, environmental or similar law or right reserved to or vested in any Government Authority to control or regulate the use of any real property that does not materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (37) any Lien arising by reason of deposits with or giving of any form of security to any Government Authority for any purpose at any time as required by applicable law as a condition to the transaction of any business or the exercise of any privilege or license, or to enable EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to maintain self-insurance or to participate in any fund for liability on any insurance risks; (38) Liens, restrictions, regulations, easements, exceptions or reservations of any Government Authority applying particularly to nuclear fuel; (39) rights reserved to or vested in any Government Authority by the terms of any right, power, franchise, grant, license or permit, or by any provision of applicable law, to terminate or modify such right, power, franchise, grant, license or permit or to purchase or recapture or to designate a purchaser of any of the property of such person; (40) Liens arising under any obligations or duties affecting any of the property of EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to any Government Authority with respect to any franchise, grant, license or permit which do not materially impair the use of such property for the purposes for which it is held; (41) rights reserved to or vested in any Government Authority to use, control or regulate any property of such person; (42) any obligations or duties, affecting the property of EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, to any Government Authority with respect to any franchise, grant, license or permit; 101 Table of Contents (43) a set-off or netting rights granted by EFIH or any Subsidiary of EFIH pursuant to any agreements related to Hedging Obligations, Netting Agreements or Permitted Contracts solely in respect of amounts owing under such agreements; (44) Liens (i) on cash advances in favor of the seller of any property to be acquired in an Investment described under the definition of “Permitted Investments” to be applied against the purchase price for such Investment and (ii) consisting of an agreement to sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of any property in a transaction excluded from the definition described under “Asset Sale,” in each case, solely to the extent such Investment or sale, disposition, transfer or lease, as the case may be, would have been permitted on the date of the creation of such Lien; (45) [Intentionally omitted]; and (46) any amounts held by a trustee in the funds and accounts under any indenture securing any revenue bonds issued for the benefit of EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries. For purposes of this definition, the term “Indebtedness” shall be deemed to include interest on such Indebtedness. “ Person ” means any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, association, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, government or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity. “ Preferred Stock ” means any Equity Interest with preferential rights of payment of dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up. “ Purchase Money Obligations ” means any Indebtedness incurred to finance or refinance the acquisition, leasing, construction, repair, restoration, replacement, expansion or improvement of property (real or personal) or assets (other than Capital Stock), and whether acquired through the direct acquisition of such property or assets, or otherwise, incurred in respect of capital expenditures, including Environmental CapEx Debt and Necessary CapEx Debt. “ Qualified Proceeds ” means assets that are used or useful in, or Capital Stock of any Person engaged in, a Similar Business; provided that the fair market value of any such assets or Capital Stock shall be determined by EFIH in good faith. “ Rating Agencies ” means each of Moody’s, S&P and Fitch, or if any of Moody’s, S&P or Fitch shall not make a rating on the Notes or other investment publicly available, a “nationally recognized statistical rating organization” within the meaning of Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(vi)(F) under the Exchange Act selected by EFIH which shall be substituted for Moody’s, S&P or Fitch, or all of them, as the case may be. “ Receivables Facility ” means any of one or more receivables financing facilities or programs as amended, supplemented, modified, extended, renewed, restated or refunded from time to time, the Obligations of which are non-recourse (except for customary representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities made in connection with such facilities) to EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than a Receivables Subsidiary) pursuant to which EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries purports to sell its accounts receivable to either (a) a Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary or (b) a Receivables Subsidiary that in turn funds such purchase by purporting to sell its accounts receivable to a Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary or by borrowing from such a Person or from another Receivables Subsidiary that in turn funds itself by borrowing from such a Person. “ Receivables Fees ” means distributions or payments made directly or by means of discounts with respect to any accounts receivable or participation interest therein issued or sold in connection with, and other fees paid to a Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary in connection with any Receivables Facility. 102 Table of Contents “ Receivables Subsidiary ” means any Subsidiary formed for the purpose of facilitating or entering into one or more Receivables Facilities, and in each case engages only in activities reasonably related or incidental thereto. “ Redemption Date ” has the meaning set forth under “Optional Redemption.” “ Related Business Assets ” means (A) except in the case of a Permitted Asset Swap of Collateral, assets (other than cash or Cash Equivalents) used or useful in, or securities of, a Similar Business; provided that any assets or securities received by EFIH or a Restricted Subsidiary in exchange for assets or securities transferred by EFIH or a Restricted Subsidiary will not be deemed to be Related Business Assets if they consist of securities of a Person, unless upon receipt of the securities of such Person, such Person would become a Restricted Subsidiary and (B) in the case of a Permitted Asset Swap of Collateral, assets (other than cash or Cash Equivalents) used or useful in, or Capital Stock of, a Similar Oncor Business; provided that any Capital Stock received by EFIH in exchange for Collateral will not be deemed to be Related Business Assets, unless upon receipt of the Capital Stock of such Person, such Person would become a Subsidiary of EFIH or a joint venture in which EFIH has a significant equity interest (as determined by EFIH in good faith). “ Required Junior Lien Debtholders ” means, at any time, the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of all Junior Lien Debt (including outstanding letters of credit whether or not then available or drawn) then outstanding and the aggregate unfunded commitments to extend credit which, when funded, would constitute Junior Lien Debt, calculated in accordance with the provisions described under “—Security for the Notes—Voting.” For purposes of this definition, Junior Lien Debt registered in the name of, or beneficially owned by, the Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuer will be deemed not to be outstanding. “ Required Parity Lien Debtholders ” means, at any time, the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of all Parity Lien Debt (including outstanding letters of credit whether or not then available or drawn) then outstanding and the aggregate unfunded commitments to extend credit which, when funded, would constitute Parity Lien Debt, calculated in accordance with the provisions described under “—Security for the Notes—Voting.” For purposes of this definition, Parity Lien Debt registered in the name of, or beneficially owned by, the Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuer will be deemed not to be outstanding. “ Restoration Certificate ” shall mean, with respect to any Casualty Event, an Officer’s Certificate provided to the Trustee prior to the 365th day after such Casualty Event has occurred certifying (a) that EFIH or such Restricted Subsidiary intends to use the proceeds received in connection with such Casualty Event to repair, restore or replace the property or assets in respect of which such Casualty Event occurred, (b) the approximate costs of completion of such repair, restoration or replacement and (c) that such repair, restoration or replacement will be completed within the later of (x) 450 days after the date on which cash proceeds with respect to such Casualty Event were received and (y) 180 days after delivery of such Restoration Certificate. “ Restricted Investment ” means an Investment other than a Permitted Investment. “ Restricted Payment Coverage Ratio ” means (i) for Restricted Payments (other than payments of cash dividends or distributions to EFH Corp. on, or in respect of, EFIH’s Capital Stock, purchases for cash or other acquisitions for cash of any Capital Stock of EFIH or any direct or indirect parent of EFIH for the purpose of paying any such dividend or distribution to, or acquisitions of Capital Stock of any direct or indirect parent of EFIH for cash from, the Investors, or guaranteeing any Indebtedness of any Affiliate of EFIH for the purpose of paying such dividend, making such distribution or so acquiring such Capital Stock to or from the Investors, all such Restricted Payments being referred to as “ Investor Payments ”), the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of EFIH and its Restricted Subsidiaries treating the Oncor Subsidiaries as Restricted Subsidiaries for purposes of such calculation and (ii) for Restricted Payments constituting Investor Payments, the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of EFIH and its Restricted Subsidiaries. “ Restricted Subsidiary ” means, at any time, any direct or indirect Subsidiary of EFIH (including any Foreign Subsidiary) that is not then an Unrestricted Subsidiary; provided , however , that upon an Unrestricted Subsidiary’s ceasing to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary, such Subsidiary shall be included in the definition of “Restricted Subsidiary.” 103 Table of Contents “ S&P ” means Standard & Poor’s, a Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC business, and any successor to its rating agency business. “ Sale and Lease-Back Transaction ” means any arrangement providing for the leasing by EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of any real or tangible personal property, which property has been or is to be sold or transferred by EFIH or such Restricted Subsidiary to a third Person in contemplation of such leasing. “ SEC ” means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. “ Secured Debt Documents ” means the Parity Lien Documents and the Junior Lien Documents. “ Secured Debt Obligations ” means Parity Lien Obligations and Junior Lien Obligations. “ Secured Indebtedness ” means any Indebtedness of EFIH or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries secured by a Lien. “ Secured Lien Debt ” means Parity Lien Debt and Junior Lien Debt. “ Securities Act ” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder. “ Security Documents ” means the Collateral Trust Agreement, the Pledge Agreement, and all other security agreements, pledge agreements, collateral assignments, mortgages, collateral agency agreements, deed of trust or other grants or transfers for security executed and delivered by EFIH, a Guarantor or any other obligor under the Notes creating (or purporting to create) a Lien upon Collateral in favor of the Collateral Trustee for the benefit of the holders of the Secured Debt Obligations, in each case, as amended, modified, renewed, restated or replaced, in whole or in part, from time to time, in accordance with its terms. “ Senior Indebtedness ” means: (1) all Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Guarantor outstanding under EFIH’s guarantee of the EFH Corp. Notes, EFIH’s guarantee of any Existing EFH Corp. Notes, or the Notes and any related Guarantees (including interest accruing on or after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy or similar proceeding or for reorganization of the Issuer or any Guarantor (at the rate provided for in the documentation with respect thereto, regardless of whether or not a claim for post-filing interest is allowed in such proceedings)), and any and all other fees, expense reimbursement obligations, indemnification amounts, penalties, and other amounts (whether existing on the Issue Date or thereafter created or incurred) and all obligations of the Issuer or any Guarantor to reimburse any bank or other Person in respect of amounts paid under letters of credit, acceptances or other similar instruments; (2) all Hedging Obligations of the Issuer or any Guarantor (and guarantees thereof) owing to a lender or any Affiliate of such lender (or any Person that was a lender or an Affiliate of such lender at the time the applicable agreement giving rise to such Hedging Obligation was entered into); provided that such Hedging Obligations are permitted to be incurred under the terms of the Indenture; (3) any other Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Guarantor permitted to be incurred under the terms of the Indenture, unless the instrument under which such Indebtedness is incurred expressly provides that it is subordinated in right of payment to the Notes or any related Guarantee; and (4) all Obligations with respect to the items listed in the preceding clauses (1), (2) and (3); provided , however , that Senior Indebtedness shall not include: (a) any obligation of such Person to the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries; 104 Table of Contents (b) any liability for federal, state, local or other taxes owed or owing by such Person; (c) any accounts payable or other liability to trade creditors arising in the ordinary course of business; (d) any Indebtedness or other Obligation of such Person which is subordinate or junior in any respect to any other Indebtedness or other Obligation of such Person; and (e) that portion of any Indebtedness which at the time of incurrence is incurred in violation of the Indenture. “ Series of Junior Lien Debt ” means, severally, each issue or series of Junior Lien Debt for which a single transfer register is maintained (provided that any Hedging Obligations constituting Junior Lien Debt shall be deemed part of the Series of Junior Lien Debt to which it relates). “ Series of Parity Lien Debt ” means, severally, the Notes and any Additional Notes or other Indebtedness that constitutes Parity Lien Debt (provided that any Hedging Obligations constituting Parity Lien Debt shall be deemed part of the Series of Parity Lien Debt to which it relates). “ Series of Secured Lien Debt ” means each Series of Parity Lien Debt and each Series of Junior Lien Debt. “ Significant Subsidiary ” means any Restricted Subsidiary that would be a “significant subsidiary” as defined in Article 1, Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X, promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act, as such regulation is in effect on the Closing Date. “ Similar Business ” means any business conducted or proposed to be conducted by EFIH and its Subsidiaries on the Closing Date or any business that is similar, reasonably related, incidental or ancillary thereto. “ Similar Oncor Business ” means any business which is primarily engaged in a regulated electricity or other energy transmission or distribution business in the United States (as determined by EFIH in good faith). “Sponsor Management Agreement” means the management agreement between certain of the management companies associated with the Investors and EFH Corp. “ Subordinated Indebtedness ” means, (1) any Indebtedness of the Issuer which is by its terms subordinated in right of payment to the Notes, and (2) any Indebtedness of any Guarantor which is by its terms subordinated in right of payment to the Guarantee of such entity of the Notes. “ Subsidiary ” means, with respect to any Person: (1) any corporation, association, or other business entity (other than a partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or similar entity) of which more than 50% of the total voting power of shares of Capital Stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time of determination owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof; and (2) any partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or similar entity of which (x) more than 50% of the capital accounts, distribution rights, total equity and voting interests or general or limited partnership interests, as applicable, are owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof whether in the form of membership, general, special or limited partnership or otherwise, and 105 Table of Contents (y) such Person or any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person is a controlling general partner or otherwise controls such entity. “ Successor Oncor Business ” means any Person the Capital Stock of which is received by EFIH in an Asset Sale, including a Permitted Asset Swap, of Collateral or as a dividend or distribution from an Oncor Subsidiary. “ TCEH ” means Texas Competitive Electric Holdings Company LLC. “ TCEH Notes ” means the notes previously issued by TCEH to refinance indebtedness under the TCEH Senior Interim Facility. “ TCEH Senior Interim Facility ” means the interim loan agreement, dated as of the Closing Date by and among Energy Future Competitive Holdings, as guarantor, TCEH, as borrower, the other guarantors parties thereto, the lenders party thereto in their capacities as lenders thereunder and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as Administrative Agent, including any guarantees, instruments and agreements executed in connection therewith, and any amendments, supplements, modifications or restatements thereof. “ TCEH Senior Secured Facilities ” means the credit agreement dated as of the Closing Date, as amended on August 7, 2009, by and among Energy Future Competitive Holdings, as guarantor, TCEH, as borrower, the lenders party thereto in their capacities as lenders thereunder and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, including any guarantees, collateral documents, instruments and agreements executed in connection therewith, and any additional amendments, supplements, modifications, extensions, renewals, restatements, refundings or refinancings thereof and any indentures or credit facilities or commercial paper facilities with banks or other institutional lenders or investors that replace, refund or refinance any part of the loans, notes, other credit facilities or commitments thereunder, including any such replacement, refunding or refinancing facility or indenture that increases the amount borrowable thereunder or alters the maturity thereof ( provided that such increase in borrowings is permitted under “—Certain Covenants—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock”). “ Total Assets ” means the total assets of EFIH and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, as shown on the most recent consolidated balance sheet of EFIH or such other Person as may be expressly stated. “ Transactions ” means the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement, borrowings under the TCEH Senior Secured Facilities, the EFH Senior Interim Facility, the TCEH Senior Interim Facility, the Oncor Electric Delivery Facility and any Receivables Facility as in effect on the Closing Date, any repayments of indebtedness of EFH Corp. and its Subsidiaries in connection therewith, and the issuance of the 2017 Notes and the TCEH Notes and any repayments of Indebtedness of EFH Corp. and its Subsidiaries in connection therewith. “ Transaction Agreement ” means the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 25, 2007, among Merger Sub, Texas Energy Future Holdings Limited Partnership and EFH Corp. “ Treasury Rate ” means, as of any Redemption Date, the yield to maturity as of such Redemption Date of United States Treasury securities with a constant maturity (as compiled and published in the most recent Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) that has become publicly available at least two Business Days prior to the Redemption Date (or, if such Statistical Release is no longer published, any publicly available source of similar market data)) most nearly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to October 15, 2014; provided , however , that if the period from the Redemption Date to October 15, 2014 is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded United States Treasury securities adjusted to a constant maturity of one year will be used. “ Trust Indenture Act ” means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (15 U.S.C. §§ 77aaa-77bbbb). “ 2017 Notes ” means EFH Corp.’s 10.875% Senior Notes due 2017 and 11.250%/12.000% Senior Toggle Notes due 2017. 106 Table of Contents “ Unrestricted Cash ” means, as of any date, without duplication, (a) all cash and Cash Equivalents (in each case, free and clear of all Liens, other than nonconsensual Liens permitted by the covenant described under “—Certain Covenants—Liens” and Liens permitted by clause (23), subclauses (i) and (ii) of clause (26) and clause (33) of the definition of Permitted Liens, included in the cash and cash equivalents accounts listed on the consolidated balance sheet of EFIH and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of such date and (b) all unrestricted margin deposits related to commodity positions listed on the consolidated balance sheet of EFIH and the Restricted Subsidiaries. “ Unrestricted Subsidiary ” means: (1) each of the Oncor Subsidiaries; (2) any Subsidiary of EFIH other than EFIH Finance or any Guarantor owning Collateral which at the time of determination is an Unrestricted Subsidiary (as designated by EFIH, as provided below); and (3) any Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. EFIH may designate any Subsidiary of EFIH (including any existing Subsidiary and any newly acquired or newly formed Subsidiary) other than EFIH Finance or any Guarantor owning Collateral to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary unless such Subsidiary or any of its Subsidiaries owns any Equity Interests or Indebtedness of, or owns or holds any Lien on, any property of, EFIH or any Subsidiary of EFIH (other than solely any Subsidiary of the Subsidiary to be so designated); provided that (1) any Unrestricted Subsidiary must be an entity of which the Equity Interests entitled to cast at least a majority of the votes that may be cast by all Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or Persons performing a similar function are owned, directly or indirectly, by EFIH; (2) such designation complies with the covenants described under “—Certain Covenants—Limitation on Restricted Payments”; and (3) each of: (a) the Subsidiary to be so designated; and (b) its Subsidiaries has not at the time of designation, and does not thereafter, create, incur, issue, assume, guarantee or otherwise become directly or indirectly liable with respect to any Indebtedness pursuant to which the lender has recourse to any of the assets of EFIH or any Restricted Subsidiary. EFIH may designate any Unrestricted Subsidiary to be a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that, immediately after giving effect to such designation, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing and in the case of any Subsidiary of EFIH, (A) EFIH could incur at least $1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio test described in the first paragraph under “—Certain Covenants—Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock”; or (B) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for EFIH and its Restricted Subsidiaries would be greater than such ratio for EFIH and its Restricted Subsidiaries immediately prior to such designation, in each case on a pro forma basis taking into account such designation. Any such designation by EFIH shall be notified by EFIH to the Trustee by promptly filing with the Trustee a copy of the resolution of the board of directors of EFIH or any committee thereof giving effect to such designation and an Officer’s Certificate certifying that such designation complied with the foregoing provisions. “ Voting Stock ” of any Person as of any date means the Capital Stock of such Person that is at the time entitled to vote in the election of the board of directors of such Person. 107 Table of Contents “ Weighted Average Life to Maturity ” means, when applied to any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, as the case may be, at any date, the quotient obtained by dividing: (1) the sum of the products of the number of years from the date of determination to the date of each successive scheduled principal payment of such Indebtedness or redemption or similar payment with respect to such Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock multiplied by the amount of such payment; by (2) the sum of all such payments. “ Wholly-Owned Subsidiary ” of any Person means a Subsidiary of such Person, 100% of the outstanding, Equity Interests of which (other than directors’ qualifying shares) shall at the time be owned by such Person or by one or more Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of such Person. 108 Table of Contents BOOK ENTRY; SETTLEMENT AND CLEARANCE The notes are represented by one or more global notes in registered form without interest coupons (collectively, the “global notes”). The global notes have been deposited with the applicable registrar as custodian for the Depository Trust Company (“DTC”), and registered in the name of DTC or its nominee, in each case, for credit to an account of a direct or indirect participant in DTC as described below. Except as set forth below, the global notes may be transferred, in whole and not in part, only to another nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or its nominee. Beneficial interests in the global notes may not be exchanged for definitive notes in registered certificated form (“certificated notes”) except in the limited circumstances described below. See “—Exchange of Global Notes for Certificated Notes.” Except in the limited circumstances described below, owners of beneficial interests in the global notes will not be entitled to receive physical delivery of notes in certificated form. Transfers of beneficial interests in the global notes will be subject to the applicable rules and procedures of DTC and its direct or indirect participants (including, if applicable, those of Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear System (“Euroclear”), and Clearstream Banking, Société Anonyme (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”)), which may change from time to time. Depository Procedures The following description of the operations and procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is provided solely as a matter of convenience. These operations and procedures are solely within the control of the respective settlement systems and are subject to changes by them. We take no responsibility for these operations and procedures and urge investors to contact the system or their participants directly to discuss these matters. DTC has advised us that DTC is a limited-purpose trust company organized under the laws of the State of New York, a “banking organization” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member of the Federal Reserve System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”). DTC was created to hold securities for its participating organizations (collectively, the “Participants”) and to facilitate the clearance and settlement of transactions in those securities between the Participants through electronic book-entry changes in accounts of its Participants. The Participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organizations. Access to DTC’s system is also available to other entities such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Participant, either directly or indirectly (collectively, the “Indirect Participants”). Persons who are not Participants may beneficially own securities held by or on behalf of DTC only through the Participants or the Indirect Participants. The ownership interests in, and transfers of ownership interests in, each security held by or on behalf of DTC are recorded on the records of the Participants and Indirect Participants. DTC has also advised us that, pursuant to procedures established by it: • DTC will credit portions of the principal amount of the global notes to the accounts of the Participants; and • ownership of these interests in the global notes will be shown on, and the transfer of ownership of these interests will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC (with respect to the Participants) or by the Participants and the Indirect Participants (with respect to other owners of beneficial interests in the global notes). Investors in the global notes who are Participants may hold their interests therein directly through DTC. Investors in the global notes who are not Participants may hold their interests therein indirectly through organizations (including Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg) that are Participants. All interests in a global note, including those held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, may be subject to the procedures and requirements of DTC. Those interests held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg may also be subject to the procedures and requirements of such systems. The laws of some jurisdictions require that certain persons take physical delivery in definitive form of securities that they own. Consequently, the ability to transfer beneficial interests in a global note to such persons will be limited to that extent. Because DTC can act only on behalf of Participants, which in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person having beneficial interests in a global note to pledge such interests to persons that do not participate in the DTC system, or otherwise take actions in respect of such interests, may be affected by the lack of a physical certificate evidencing such interests. 109 Table of Contents Except as described below, owners of interests in the global notes will not have notes registered in their names, will not receive physical delivery of notes in certificated form and will not be considered the registered owners or “holders” thereof under the indenture governing the notes for any purpose. Payments in respect of the principal of, and interest and premium, if any, on a global note registered in the name of DTC or its nominee will be payable to DTC in its capacity as the registered holder under the indenture governing the notes. Under the terms of the indenture, we, the trustee, the registrar, the paying agent and the transfer agent (together with the registrar and the paying agent, the “agents”) will treat the persons in whose names the notes, including the global notes, are registered as the owners of the notes for the purpose of receiving payments and for all other purposes. Consequently, neither we, the trustee, the agents nor any agent of ours or theirs has or will have any responsibility or liability for: • any aspect of DTC’s records or any Participant’s or Indirect Participant’s records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the global notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any of DTC’s records or any Participant’s or Indirect Participant’s records relating to the beneficial ownership interests in the global notes; or • any other matter relating to the actions and practices of DTC or any of its Participants or Indirect Participants. DTC has advised us that its current practice, upon receipt of any payment in respect of securities such as the notes (including principal and interest), is to credit the accounts of the relevant Participants with the payment on the payment date unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not receive payment on such payment date. Each relevant Participant is credited with an amount proportionate to its beneficial ownership of an interest in the principal amount of the relevant security as shown on the records of DTC. Payments by the Participants and the Indirect Participants to the beneficial owners of notes will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices and will be the responsibility of the Participants or the Indirect Participants and will not be our responsibility or the responsibility of DTC or either trustee. Neither we, the trustee nor the agents will be liable for any delay by DTC or any of the Participants or the Indirect Participants in identifying the beneficial owners of the notes, and we, the trustee and the agents may conclusively rely on and will be protected in relying on instructions from DTC or its nominee for all purposes. Except for trades involving only Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg participants, interests in the global notes are expected to be eligible to trade in DTC’s Same Day Funds Settlement System and secondary market trading activity in such interests will, therefore, settle in immediately available funds, subject in all cases to the rules and procedures of DTC and its Participants. See “—Same Day Settlement and Payment.” Transfers between the Participants will be effected in accordance with DTC’s procedures and will be settled in same day funds, and transfers between participants in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with their respective rules and operating procedures. Cross-market transfers between the Participants, on the one hand, and Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg participants, on the other hand, will be effected through DTC in accordance with DTC’s rules on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, by its respective depositary. However, such cross-market transactions will require delivery of instructions to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, by the counterparty in such system in accordance with the rules and procedures and within the established deadlines (Brussels time) of such system. Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will, if the transaction meets its settlement requirements, deliver instructions to its respective depositary to take action to effect final settlement on its behalf by delivering or receiving interests in the relevant global note from DTC, and making or receiving payment in accordance with normal procedures for same day funds settlement applicable to DTC. Euroclear participants and Clearstream, Luxembourg participants may not deliver instructions directly to the depositories for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 110 Table of Contents DTC has advised us that it will take any action permitted to be taken by a holder of notes only at the direction of one or more Participants to whose account DTC has credited the interests in the global notes and only in respect of such portion of the aggregate principal amount of the notes as to which such Participant or Participants has or have given such direction. However, if there is an event of default under the notes, DTC reserves the right to exchange the global notes for legended notes in certificated form and to distribute such notes to its Participants. Although DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have agreed to the foregoing procedures to facilitate transfers of interests in the global notes among participants in DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, they are under no obligation to perform or to continue to perform such procedures, and may discontinue such procedures at any time. Neither we nor the trustee nor any of our or its agents will have any responsibility for the performance by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or their respective participants or indirect participants of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations. Exchange of Global Notes for Certificated Notes A global note is exchangeable for certificated notes if: • DTC (1) notifies us that it is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary for the global notes or (2) has ceased to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and, in either case, we fail to appoint a successor depositary; or • there has occurred and is continuing an event of default with respect to the notes. In addition, beneficial interests in a global note may be exchanged for certificated notes upon prior written notice given to the trustee by or on behalf of DTC in accordance with the indenture governing the notes. In all cases, certificated notes delivered in exchange for any global note or beneficial interests in global notes will be registered in the names, and issued in any approved denominations, requested by or on behalf of the depositary (in accordance with its customary procedures). Same Day Settlement and Payment The Issuer will make payments in respect of the notes represented by the global notes (including principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any) by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the accounts specified by DTC or its nominee. The Issuer will make all payments of principal, interest and premium, if any, with respect to certificated notes by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the accounts specified by the holders of the certificated notes or, if no such account is specified, by mailing a check to each such holder’s registered address. The notes represented by the global notes are expected to be eligible to trade in DTC’s Same Day Funds Settlement System, and any permitted secondary market trading activity in such notes will, therefore, be required by DTC to be settled in immediately available funds. The Issuer expects that secondary trading in any certificated notes will also be settled in immediately available funds. Because of time-zone differences, credits of interests in the global notes received in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear as a result of a transaction with a DTC Participant will be made during subsequent securities settlement processing and dated the business day following the DTC settlement date. Such credits or any transactions involving interests in such global notes settled during such processing will be reported to the relevant Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear participants on such business day. Cash received in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear as a result of sales of interests in the global notes by or through a Clearstream, Luxembourg participant or a Euroclear participant to a DTC Participant will be received with value on the DTC settlement date but will be available in the relevant Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear cash account only as of the business day following settlement in DTC. 111 Table of Contents MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL TAX CONSIDERATIONS The following discussion summarizes the material U.S. federal income and, in the case of Non-U.S. Holders (as defined below), estate tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the notes as of the date of this prospectus. This summary is based upon the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), Treasury regulations promulgated under the Code (the “Regulations”), and administrative rulings and judicial decisions, in each case as of the date hereof. These authorities are subject to differing interpretations and may be changed, perhaps retroactively, resulting in U.S. federal tax consequences materially different from those summarized below. We have not obtained, nor do we intend to obtain, any ruling from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) with respect to the statements made and the conclusions reached in the following summary, and there can be no assurance that the IRS will agree with such statements and conclusions. This summary does not represent a detailed description of the U.S. federal income tax consequences applicable to you if you are a person subject to special tax treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws, including, without limitation: • a dealer in securities or currencies; • a financial institution; • a regulated investment company; • a real estate investment trust; • a tax-exempt organization; • an insurance company; • a person holding the notes as part of a hedging, integrated, conversion or constructive sale transaction or a straddle; • a trader in securities that has elected the mark-to-market method of accounting for securities; • a person liable for alternative minimum tax; • a partnership or other pass-through entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes; • a U.S. holder whose “functional currency” is not the U.S. dollar; • a “controlled foreign corporation”; • a “passive foreign investment company”; or • a United States expatriate. This summary assumes that the notes will be held as capital assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code. This summary does not address the tax considerations arising under the laws of any foreign, state or local jurisdiction or, except as expressly provided below, U.S. federal estate and gift tax laws. For purposes of this discussion, the term “U.S. Holder” means a beneficial owner of the notes that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes: (i) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; (ii) a corporation, including any entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, created or organized in the United States or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; (iii) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or (iv) a trust, if its administration is subject to the primary supervision of a U.S. court and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or if it has made a valid election in effect under applicable Regulations to be treated as a U.S. person. 112 Table of Contents For purpose of this discussion, the term “Non-U.S. Holder” means a beneficial owner of the notes (other than a partnership or other entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that is not a U.S. Holder. If a partnership (or other entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds notes, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. If you are a partnership or a partner of a partnership holding notes, you should consult your tax advisor regarding the tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of notes. THIS SUMMARY IS FOR GENERAL INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY, AND IS NOT INTENDED TO BE, AND SHOULD NOT BE CONSTRUED TO BE, LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE TO ANY PARTICULAR HOLDER. YOU ARE URGED TO CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR WITH REGARD TO THE APPLICATION OF THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS, AS WELL AS THE APPLICATION OF NON-INCOME TAX LAWS AND THE LAWS OF ANY STATE, LOCAL OR FOREIGN TAXING JURISDICTION, TO YOUR PARTICULAR SITUATION. Material Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders The following is a summary of material U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S Holders of the notes. Payments of Stated Interest The stated interest payments on the notes will generally be taxed to you as ordinary income at the time paid or accrued in accordance with your method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Market Discount If you purchase a note for an amount that is less than its stated principal amount, the amount of the difference will be treated as “market discount” for U.S. federal income tax purposes, unless that difference is less than a specified de minimis amount. Any market discount will be considered to accrue ratably during the period from the date of acquisition to the maturity date of the note, unless you elect to accrue on a constant interest method. Under the market discount rules, you will be required to treat any principal payment on, or any gain on the sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition of, a note as ordinary income to the extent of the market discount that you have not previously included in income and are treated as having accrued on the note at the time of the payment or disposition. In addition, you may be required to defer, until the maturity of the note or its earlier disposition in a taxable transaction, the deduction of all or a portion of the interest expense on any indebtedness attributable to the note. You may elect, on a note-by-note basis, to deduct the deferred interest expense in a tax year prior to the year of disposition. You should consult your own tax advisors before making this election. You may elect to include market discount in income currently as it accrues, on either a ratable or constant interest method, in which case the rule described above regarding deferral of interest deductions will not apply. Amortizable Bond Premium If you purchase a note for an amount in excess of its stated principal amount, you will be considered to have purchased a note at a “premium.” You generally may elect to amortize the premium over the remaining term of the note on a constant yield method as an offset to interest when includible in income under your regular accounting method. If you do not elect to amortize bond premium, that premium will decrease the gain or increase the loss you would otherwise recognize on disposition of the note. 113 Table of Contents Sale, Exchange, Retirement or Other Taxable Disposition of Notes You will generally recognize taxable gain or loss upon a sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of a note (including potentially upon a Permitted Asset Transfer) in an amount equal to the difference between (i) the amount of cash and the fair market value of any property received (less an amount attributable to any accrued and unpaid stated interest, which will be taxed in the manner described above under the subheading “—Payments of Stated Interest”) and (ii) your adjusted tax basis in the note. Your adjusted tax basis in a note will generally be your initial tax basis in such note, increased by any market discount previously included in income, and reduced by any amortized bond premium. Except as described above with respect to market discount, any gain or loss on the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of a note will be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if you have a holding period of more than one year at the time of the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition. Long-term capital gain recognized by non-corporate U.S. Holders is generally eligible for a reduced rate of taxation and the deduction of capital losses is subject to significant limitations. Material Tax Consequences to Non-U.S. Holders The following is a summary of material U.S. federal income and estate tax consequences to Non-U.S. holders of the notes. Payments of Interest A Non-U.S. Holder will not be subject to tax on any payment of interest on the notes under the “portfolio interest rule,” provided that (i) such interest is not effectively connected with your conduct of a trade or business in the United States (or, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, is not attributable to a U.S. permanent establishment); (ii) you do not actually or constructively own 10% or more of EFH Corp.’s voting stock within the meaning of the Code and the Regulations; (iii) you are not a controlled foreign corporation that is related to EFH Corp. actually or constructively through stock ownership; (iv) you are not a bank receiving interest on a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business; and (v) you have provided a validly completed IRS Form W-8BEN (or other applicable form) establishing your Non-U.S. Holder status (or you satisfied certain documentary evidence requirements for establishing such Non-U.S. Holder status). If you cannot satisfy the requirements described above, payments of interest on the notes made to you will be subject to a 30% U.S. federal withholding tax, unless you provide EFH Corp. (or its paying agent) with a properly executed (i) IRS Form W-8BEN (or other applicable form) claiming an exemption from or reduction in withholding under the benefit of an applicable income tax treaty; or (ii) IRS Form W-8ECI (or other applicable form) certifying that interest paid on the notes is not subject to withholding tax because it is effectively connected with your conduct of a trade or business in the United States. If you are engaged in a trade or business in the United States and interest on the notes is effectively connected with the conduct of that trade or business (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty is attributable to a U.S. permanent establishment that you maintain), then you will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on that interest on a net income basis generally in the same manner as if you were a U.S. Holder unless an applicable income tax treaty provides otherwise (although you will be exempt from the 30% U.S. federal withholding tax, provided the certification requirements discussed above are satisfied). In addition, if you are a corporate Non-U.S. Holder, you may be subject to a branch profits tax equal to 30% (or lower applicable income tax treaty rate) of your earnings, including such interest, subject to adjustments. Sale, Exchange, Retirement or Other Taxable Disposition of the Notes Any gain realized upon the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of the notes generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax unless: • The gain is effectively connected with your conduct of a trade or business in the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, is attributable to a United States permanent establishment); or 114 Table of Contents • You are an individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of disposition, and certain other conditions are met. If a Non-U.S. Holder of notes is described in the first bullet point above, any gain recognized upon a sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of the notes will be subject to U.S. federal income tax in the same manner as effectively connected interest as described above. If a Non-U.S. Holder of notes is described in the second bullet point above, any gain recognized upon a sale, exchange, retirement, or other taxable disposition of the notes will be subject to U.S. federal income tax a statutory rate of 30%, which gain may be offset by certain losses. U.S. Federal Estate Tax Your estate will not be subject to U.S. federal estate tax on notes beneficially owned by you at the time of your death, provided that any payment to you on the notes would be eligible for exemption from the 30% U.S. federal withholding tax under the “portfolio interest rule” described above under “—Payments of Interest” without regard to the statement requirement described in clause (v) of that section. Backup Withholding and Information Reporting U.S. Holders In general, information reporting requirements will apply to certain payments of interest on, or proceeds from a disposition (including a retirement or redemption) of, the notes (unless, in each case, the holder is an exempt recipient such as a corporation). Backup withholding is not an additional tax and any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may be allowed as a refund or a credit against your U.S. federal income tax liability, provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. Non-U.S. Holders Generally, EFH Corp. must report to the IRS and to each Non-U.S. Holder the amount of interest paid to such Non-U.S. Holder with respect to the notes, and the amount of tax, if any, withheld with respect to such payments. Copies of the information returns reporting such interest payments and any withholding may also be made available to the tax authorities in the country in which such Non-U.S. Holder resides under the provisions of an applicable income tax treaty or information exchange agreement. In general, you will not be subject to backup withholding with respect to interest that EFH Corp. pays to you on the notes, provided that EFH Corp. does not have actual knowledge or reason to know that you are a United States person as defined under the Code, and you have provided a validly completed IRS Form W-8BEN (or other applicable form) establishing that you are a Non-U.S. Holder (or you satisfy certain documentary evidence requirements for establishing that you are a Non-U.S. Holder). Information reporting and, depending on the circumstances, backup withholding will apply to the proceeds of a sale or other disposition (including a retirement or redemption) of notes made within the United States or conducted through certain U.S.-related financial intermediaries, unless you certify to the payor under penalties of perjury that you are a Non-U.S. Holder (and the payor does not have actual knowledge or reason to know that you are a United States person as defined under the Code), or you otherwise establish an exemption. Backup withholding is not an additional tax and any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may be allowed as a refund or a credit against your U.S. federal income tax liability, provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. 115 Table of Contents CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS The following is a summary of certain considerations associated with the purchase of the notes by employee benefit plans that are subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), individual retirement accounts and other plans and arrangements that are subject to Section 4975 of the Code or any federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other laws, rules or regulations that are similar to such provisions of ERISA or the Code (collectively, “Similar Laws”) and entities whose underlying assets are considered to include “plan assets” of any such plan, account or arrangement (each, a “Plan”). This summary is based on the provisions of ERISA and the Code (and related regulations and administrative and judicial interpretations) as of the date of this prospectus. This summary does not purport to be complete and future legislation, court decisions, administrative regulations, rulings or administrative pronouncements could significantly modify the requirements summarized below. Any of these changes may be retroactive and may thereby apply to transactions entered into prior to the date of their enactment or release. General Fiduciary Matters ERISA imposes certain duties on persons who are fiduciaries of a Plan subject to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (a “Benefit Plan”) and both ERISA and the Code prohibit certain transactions involving the assets of a Benefit Plan and its fiduciaries or other interested parties. Under ERISA and the Code, any person who exercises any discretionary authority or control over the administration of such a Benefit Plan or the management or disposition of the assets of such a Benefit Plan, or who renders investment advice for a fee or other compensation to such a Benefit Plan, is generally considered to be a fiduciary of the Benefit Plan. In considering an investment in the notes of a portion of the assets of any Plan, a fiduciary should consult with its counsel in order to determine whether the investment is in accordance with the documents and instruments governing the Plan and the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code or any Similar Law. In addition, a fiduciary of a Plan should consult with its counsel in order to determine if the investment satisfies the fiduciary’s duties to the Plan including, without limitation, the prudence, diversification, delegation of control and prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA, the Code and any other applicable Similar Laws. Prohibited Transaction Issues Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit Benefit Plans from engaging in specified transactions involving plan assets with persons or entities who are “parties in interest,” within the meaning of ERISA, or “disqualified persons,” within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code, unless an exemption is available. A party in interest or disqualified person who engaged in a nonexempt prohibited transaction may be subject to excise taxes and other penalties and liabilities under ERISA and the Code. In addition, the fiduciary of the Benefit Plan that engaged in such a nonexempt prohibited transaction may be subject to penalties and liabilities under ERISA and the Code. The acquisition and/or holding of notes by a Benefit Plan with respect to which EFIH, EFH Corp., a guarantor or the Market Maker are considered a party in interest or disqualified person may constitute or result in a direct or indirect prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code, unless the investment is acquired and is held in accordance with an applicable statutory, class or individual prohibited transaction exemption. In this regard, the United States Department of Labor has issued prohibited transaction class exemptions (“PTCEs”) that may apply to the acquisition and holding of the notes. These class exemptions include, without limitation, PTCE 84-14 respecting transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers, PTCE 90-1, respecting insurance company pooled separate accounts, PTCE 91-38, respecting bank collective investment funds, PTCE 95-60, respecting life insurance company general accounts and PTCE 96-23, respecting transactions determined by in-house asset managers. Each of these PTCEs contains conditions and limitations on its application. Fiduciaries of Plans considering acquiring and/or holding the notes in reliance of these or any other PTCE should carefully review the PTCE to assure it is applicable. There can be no assurance that all of the conditions of any such exemptions will be satisfied. 116 Table of Contents Because of the foregoing, the notes should not be purchased or held by any person investing “plan assets” of any Plan, unless such purchase and holding are entitled to exemptive relief from the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA and the Code and are otherwise permissible under all applicable Similar Laws. Representation Accordingly, by acceptance of a note, or any interest therein, each purchaser and subsequent transferee will be deemed to have represented and warranted that either (i) no portion of the assets used by such purchaser or transferee to acquire or hold the notes constitutes assets of any Plan or (ii) the acquisition and holding of the notes by such purchaser or transferee are entitled to exemptive relief from the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code and are otherwise permissible under all applicable Similar Laws. The foregoing discussion is general in nature and is not intended to be all-inclusive. Due to the complexity of these rules and the penalties that may be imposed upon persons involved in non-exempt prohibited transactions, it is particularly important that fiduciaries or other persons considering acquiring the notes (and holding the notes) on behalf of, or with the assets of, any Plan, consult with their counsel regarding the potential applicability of ERISA, Section 4975 of the Code and any Similar Laws to such investments and whether an exemption would be applicable to the purchase and holding of the notes. 117 Table of Contents PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION This prospectus is to be used by the Market Maker and its affiliates in connection with offers and sales of the notes in market-making transactions in the secondary market effected from time to time. The Market Maker and its affiliates may act as principal or agent in such transactions, including as agent for the counterparty when acting as principal or as agent for both counterparties, and may receive compensation in the form of discounts and commissions, including from both counterparties, when it acts as agents for both. Such sales will be made at prevailing market prices at the time of sale, at prices related thereto or at negotiated prices. We will not receive any of the proceeds from such sales. From time to time, the Market Maker and its affiliates have provided, and may in the future provide from time to time, investment banking and commercial banking services and financial advisory services to us for which they have in the past received, and may in the future receive, customary fees. In addition, the Market Maker and certain of its affiliates have provided, and may in the future provide from time to time, certain investment banking and commercial banking services and financial advisory services for certain of our subsidiaries, for EFH Corp. and certain of its affiliates and for the members of the Sponsor Group and certain of their affiliates, for which they have received, or will receive, customary fees. The Market Maker is one of the members of the Sponsor Group. The Sponsor Group indirectly owns approximately 60% of our capital stock on a fully-diluted basis through its investment in Texas Holdings, which owns approximately 99% of the capital stock of EFH Corp., our parent company. Affiliates of the Market Maker may be deemed, as a result of their ownership of approximately 27% of the General Partner’s outstanding units and certain provisions of the General Partner’s Limited Liability Company Agreement, to have shared voting or dispositive power over Texas Holdings. Each of Scott Lebovitz, Kenneth Pontarelli and Thomas Ferguson, who are members of EFH Corp.’s board of directors, are employees of the Market Maker or its affiliates. An affiliate of the Market Maker is a co-documentation agent, joint lead arranger and joint lead bookrunner for, and a lender under, Oncor’s revolving credit facility and TCEH’s senior secured credit facilities. This affiliate is also the sole lead arranger, sole bookrunner and posting agent for TCEH’s commodity collateral posting facility. The Market Maker acted as dealer manager for the offers to purchase and consent solicitations with respect to $1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of EFH Corp.’s outstanding 4.80% Series O Senior Notes due 2009, $250 million in aggregate principal amount of TCEH’s outstanding 6.125% Senior Notes due 2008 and $1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of TCEH’s outstanding 7.000% Senior Notes due 2013. The Market Maker acted as an initial purchaser in connection with the original offering and sale of the EFH Corp. 2017 Notes and the TCEH 2015/2016 Notes in October 2007, and received a customary discount in connection with those transactions. In addition, the Market Maker acted as an initial purchaser in connection with the offering and sale of the EFH Corp. 2020 Notes in January 2010, and received a customary discount in connection with that transaction. The Market Maker acted as a dealer manager for the exchange offers and consent solicitations with respect to the notes and the EFH Corp. 2019 Notes. The Market Maker and/or its affiliates currently own, and may from time to time trade, the notes for their own accounts in connection with their principal activities. Such sales may be made pursuant to this prospectus or otherwise pursuant to an applicable exemption from registration. Additionally, in the future, the Market Maker and/or its affiliates may, from time to time, own notes as a result of market-making activities. We have been advised by the Market Maker that, subject to applicable laws and regulations, the Market Maker or its affiliates currently intend to make a market in the notes. However, the Market Maker is not obligated to do so, and any such market-making may be interrupted or discontinued at any time without notice. In addition, such market-making activity will be subject to the limits imposed by the Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) and the Exchange Act. We cannot assure you that an active trading market will be sustained. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Notes and Our Substantial Indebtedness—Your ability to transfer the notes may be limited by the absence of an active trading market, and there is no assurance that any active trading market will develop for the notes.” 118 Table of Contents We have agreed to indemnify the Market Maker against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, and pay all expenses in connection with the performance of our obligations relating to the market-making activities of the Market Maker and its affiliates. 119 Table of Contents LEGAL MATTERS The validity and enforceability of the notes have been passed upon for us by Andrew M. Wright, Vice President & Associate General Counsel of EFH Corporate Services Company, Dallas, Texas. Mr. Wright beneficially owns 125,000 shares of common stock of EFH Corp., including 75,000 shares issuable upon exercise of vested options. In addition, Mr. Wright has unvested stock options to purchase an additional 75,000 shares of common stock of EFH Corp. at a price per share equal to $5.00 and 100,000 shares of common stock of EFH Corp. at a price per share equal to $3.50. EXPERTS The consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 (successor), and for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 (successor operations), the period from October 11, 2007 through December 31, 2007 (successor operations) and the consolidated financial statements of Oncor (EFIH’s Predecessor) for the period from January 1, 2007 through October 10, 2007 (predecessor operations) of Oncor (as EFIH’s predecessor), incorporated by reference from the Annual Report on Form 10-K of EFIH for the year ended December 31, 2009, have been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is incorporated herein by reference (which report expresses an unqualified opinion on the financial statements and includes an explanatory paragraph referring to EFIH as a wholly-owned subsidiary of EFH Corp., which was merged into Texas Energy Future Merger Sub Corp on October 10, 2007). Also, the financial statements as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 (successor), and for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 (successor operations), the period from October 11, 2007 through December 31, 2007 (successor operations) of Oncor Holdings and the financial statements for the period from January 1, 2007 through October 10, 2007 (predecessor operations) of Oncor (as Oncor Holdings’ predecessor) incorporated by reference from the Annual Report on Form 10-K of EFIH for the year ended December 31, 2009, have been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is incorporated herein by reference (which report expresses an unqualified opinion and includes an explanatory paragraph referring to Oncor Holdings as a wholly-owned subsidiary of EFH Corp., which was merged with Texas Energy Future Merger Sub Corp on October 10, 2007). Such financial statements and financial statement schedule have been so incorporated in reliance upon the reports of such firm given upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. AVAILABLE INFORMATION EFIH files annual, quarterly and current reports and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any document EFIH has filed or will file with the SEC at the SEC’s public website (www.sec.gov) or at the Public Reference Room of the SEC located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, DC 20549. Copies of such materials can be obtained from the Public Reference Room of the SEC at prescribed rates. You can call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 to obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room. Unless specifically listed under “Incorporation by Reference” below, the information EFIH has filed or will file with the SEC is not intended to be incorporated by reference in this prospectus and you should not consider that information a part of this prospectus. EFIH has agreed that even if it is not subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or otherwise required to report on an annual and quarterly basis on forms provided for such annual and quarterly reporting pursuant to rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC, EFIH will nonetheless file with the SEC and make available to the trustee and to holders of notes the reports specified under “Description of the Notes—Certain Covenants—Reports and Other Information,” subject to the provisions described in that section. EFIH has filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 that registers the notes offered by this prospectus. The registration statement, including the attached exhibits, contains additional relevant information about us and the notes offered. The rules and regulations of the SEC allow us to omit certain information included in the registration statement from this prospectus. 120 Table of Contents INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE EFIH incorporates certain information into this prospectus by reference to other documents that it files with the SEC. This means that EFIH can disclose important information to you for purposes of this prospectus by referring you to other documents that have been filed separately with the SEC. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this prospectus, except for any information that is superseded by information that is included directly in this document. EFIH incorporates into this prospectus by reference each of the following reports: • Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009 that it filed with the SEC on February 25, 2010; and • Current Report on Form 8-K that it filed with the SEC on January 19, 2010. While these documents have not been included or delivered with this prospectus, they contain important information about us and our businesses, prospects and financial condition. Any person, including any beneficial owner, to whom this prospectus is delivered may request copies of these filings, free of charge, by writing to Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC, Energy Plaza, 1601 Bryan Street, Dallas, TX 75201-3411, Attention: Investor Relations, or by telephoning us at 214-812-4600. The information incorporated by reference is an important part of this prospectus. You should rely only upon the information provided in this prospectus and the information incorporated into this prospectus by reference. Neither we nor the Market Maker or its affiliates have authorized anyone to provide you with different information. You should not assume that the information in this prospectus is accurate as of any date other than the date of this prospectus. You should not rely on or assume the accuracy of any representation or warranty in any agreement that we have filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part or that we otherwise have publicly filed or may publicly file in the future because such representation or warranty may be subject to exceptions and qualifications contained in separate disclosure schedules, may have been included in such agreement for the purpose of allocating risk between the parties to the particular transaction, and may no longer continue to be true as of any given date. 121 Table of Contents ANNEX A—DEFINITIONS The following are definitions of certain terms contained in Annex B of this prospectus. “ Adjusted EBITDA ” means EBITDA adjusted to exclude non-cash items, unusual items and other adjustments allowable under certain of our debt arrangements. See the definition of EBITDA below. Adjusted EBITDA and EBITDA are not recognized terms under GAAP and, thus, are non-GAAP financial measures. We are providing Adjusted EBITDA in this Registration Statement on Form S-1 (see Exhibits 99(a) and 99(b) to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part) solely because of the important role that Adjusted EBITDA plays in respect of certain covenants contained in our debt arrangements. We do not intend for Adjusted EBITDA (or EBITDA) to be an alternative to net income as a measure of operating performance or an alternative to cash flows from operating activities as a measure of liquidity or an alternative to any other measure of financial performance presented in accordance with GAAP. Additionally, we do not intend for Adjusted EBITDA (or EBITDA) to be used as a measure of free cash flow available for management’s discretionary use, as the measure excludes certain cash requirements such as interest payments, tax payments and other debt service requirements. Because not all companies use identical calculations, our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA (and EBITDA) may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. “ Code ” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. “ EBITDA ” refers to earnings (net income) before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. See the definition of Adjusted EBITDA above. “ EFCH ” refers to Energy Future Competitive Holdings Company, a direct subsidiary of EFH Corp. and the direct parent of TCEH. “ EFH Corp. ” refers to Energy Future Holdings Corp., a holding company, and/or its subsidiaries, depending on context. Its major subsidiaries include TCEH and Oncor. “ EFIH ” refers to Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC, a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of EFH Corp. and the direct parent of Oncor Holdings. “ EFIH Finance ” refers to EFIH Finance Inc., a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of EFIH, formed for the sole purpose of serving as co-issuer with EFIH of certain debt securities. “ ERCOT ” refers to the Electric Reliability Council of Texas, the independent system operator and the regional coordinator of various electricity systems within Texas. “ ERISA ” refers to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. “ FASB ” refers to the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the designated organization in the private sector for establishing standards for financial accounting and reporting. “ GAAP ” means generally accepted accounting principles. “ Luminant ” refers to subsidiaries of TCEH engaged in competitive market activities consisting of electricity generation and wholesale energy sales and purchases as well as commodity risk management and trading activities, all largely in Texas. “ Merger ” means the transaction referred to in “Merger Agreement” (defined immediately below) that was completed on October 10, 2007. “ Merger Agreement ” means the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 25, 2007, under which Texas Holdings agreed to acquire EFH Corp. A-1 Table of Contents “ Oncor ” refers to Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC, a direct majority-owned subsidiary of Oncor Holdings and an indirect subsidiary of EFIH and EFH Corp., and/or its consolidated bankruptcy-remote financing subsidiary, Oncor Electric Delivery Transition Bond Company LLC, depending on context, that is engaged in regulated electricity transmission and distribution activities. “ Oncor Holdings ” refers to Oncor Electric Delivery Holdings Company LLC, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of EFIH and the direct majority owner of Oncor, that is consolidated as a variable interest entity under consolidations accounting standards. “ Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities ” refers to Oncor Holdings and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including Oncor. “ Merger ” refers to the transaction referred to in “Merger Agreement” (defined immediately below) that was completed on October 10, 2007. “ Merger Agreement ” refers to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 25, 2007, under which Texas Holdings agreed to acquire EFH Corp. “ PUCT ” refers to the Public Utility Commission of Texas. “ SEC ” refers to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. “ SG&A ” means selling, general and administrative. “ Sponsor Group ” refers, collectively, to the investment funds affiliated with Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. (KKR), TPG Capital, L.P. (TPG) and GS Capital Partners, an affiliate of Goldman Sachs & Co. (See Texas Holdings below.) “ TCEH ” refers to Texas Competitive Electric Holdings Company LLC, a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of EFCH and an indirect subsidiary of EFH Corp., and/or its subsidiaries, depending on context, that are engaged in electricity generation and wholesale and retail energy markets activities. Its major subsidiaries include Luminant and TXU Energy. “ TCEH Senior Secured Facilities ” refers collectively to the TCEH Initial Term Loan Facility, TCEH Delayed Draw Term Loan Facility, TCEH Revolving Credit Facility, TCEH Letter of Credit Facility and TCEH Commodity Collateral Posting Facility. “ Texas Holdings ” refers to Texas Energy Future Holdings Limited Partnership, a limited partnership controlled by the Sponsor Group that owns substantially all of the common stock of EFH Corp. “ TXU Energy ” refers to TXU Energy Retail Company LLC, a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of TCEH engaged in the retail sale of electricity to residential and business customers. TXU Energy is a retail electric provider in competitive areas of ERCOT. A-2 Table of Contents ANNEX B—ADDITIONAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUER Capitalized terms used in this Annex B and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to them in Annex A of this prospectus. MANAGEMENT Managers of EFIH The names of EFIH’s managers and information about them, as furnished by the managers themselves, are set forth below: Name Age Served As Director Since Business Experience James R. Huffines 58 2009 James R. Huffines has served as a manager of EFIH since November 2009. Mr. Huffines is Chairman of the University of Texas System Board of Regents, after previously serving as Vice Chairman from November 2007 to April 2009 and Chairman from June 2004 to November 2007. He also is Chairman, Central and South Texas Region, of PlainsCapital Bank, Senior Executive Vice President of PlainsCapital Corporation, and a director of Andrew Harper Travel Publications, Inc. and PlainsCapital Bank. Mr. Huffines is also a director of EFH Corp. Paul M. Keglevic 56 2008 Paul M. Keglevic has served as a manager of EFIH since July 2008. Mr. Keglevic was elected Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of EFIH and EFH Corp. in July 2008. Before joining EFH Corp., he was an audit partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers. Mr. Keglevic was PricewaterhouseCoopers’ Utility Sector Leader from 2002 to 2008 and Clients and Sector Assurance Leader from 2007 to 2008. Mr. Keglevic is also a director of EFIH Finance. Jeffrey Liaw 33 2008 Jeffrey Liaw has served as a manager of EFIH since July 2008. Mr. Liaw is active in TPG’s energy and industrial investing practice areas. Before joining TPG in 2005, he worked for Bain Capital in its industrials practice. Mr. Liaw serves on the boards of both public and private companies, including Graphic Packaging Holding Company, EFH Corp., Oncor Holdings and Oncor. Marc S. Lipschultz 41 2008 Marc S. Lipschultz has served as a manager of EFIH since July 2008. Mr. Lipschultz joined KKR in 1995 and is the global head of KKR’s Energy and Infrastructure business. Mr. Lipschultz serves on KKR’s Management Committee and its Infrastructure Investment Committee. Currently, he is on the boards of Accel-KKR Company, EFH Corp., Oncor Holdings and Oncor. During the past five years, Mr. Lipschultz also served on the boards of Texas Genco Holdings, Inc. and The Boyds Collection, Ltd. B-1 Table of Contents Name Age Served As Director Since Business Experience John F. Young 53 2008 John F. Young has served as a manager of EFIH since July 2008. Mr. Young was elected President and Chief Executive Officer of EFIH in July 2008 and of EFH Corp. in January 2008. Before joining EFH Corp., Mr. Young served in many leadership roles at Exelon from March 2003 to January 2008 including Executive Vice President of Finance and Markets and Chief Financial Officer of Exelon Corporation; President of Exelon Generation; and President and Chief Operating Officer of Exelon Power. Prior to joining Exelon, Mr. Young was Senior Vice President of Sierra Pacific Resources Corporation. Mr. Young is also a director of EFH Corp., EFIH Finance and Luminant. Directors of EFIH Finance The names of EFIH Finance’s directors and information about them, as furnished by the directors themselves, are set forth below: Name Age Served As Director Since Business Experience James R. Huffines 58 2009 James R. Huffines has served as a director of EFIH Finance since November 2009. Mr. Huffines is Chairman of the University of Texas System Board of Regents, after previously serving as Vice Chairman from November 2007 to April 2009 and Chairman from June 2004 to November 2007. He also is Chairman, Central and South Texas Region, of PlainsCapital Bank, Senior Executive Vice President of PlainsCapital Corporation, and a director of Andrew Harper Travel Publications, Inc. and PlainsCapital Bank. Mr. Huffines is also a director or manager of EFH Corp. and EFIH. Paul M. Keglevic 56 2009 Paul M. Keglevic has served as a director of EFIH Finance since September 2009. Mr. Keglevic was elected Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of EFIH Finance in September 2009 and of EFIH and EFH Corp. in July 2008. Before joining EFH Corp., he was an audit partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers. Mr. Keglevic was PricewaterhouseCoopers’ Utility Sector Leader from 2002 to 2008 and Clients and Sector Assurance Leader from 2007 to 2008. Mr. Keglevic is also a manager of EFIH. John F. Young 53 2009 John F. Young has served as a director of EFIH Finance since September 2009. Mr. Young was elected President and Chief Executive Officer of EFIH Finance in September 2009, of EFIH in July 2008, and of EFH Corp. in January 2008. Before joining EFH Corp., Mr. Young served in many leadership roles at Exelon from March 2003 to January 2008 including Executive Vice President of Finance and Markets and Chief Financial Officer of Exelon Corporation; President of Exelon Generation; and President and Chief Operating Officer of Exelon Power. Prior to joining Exelon, Mr. Young was Senior Vice President of Sierra Pacific Resources Corporation. Mr. Young is also a director or manager of EFH Corp., EFIH and Luminant. B-2 Table of Contents Manager/Director Qualifications When considering whether the managers and directors have the experience, qualifications, attributes and skills, taken as a whole, to enable the Board of Managers of EFIH (the “EFIH Board”) and the Board of Directors of EFIH Finance (the “EFIH Finance Board”) to satisfy their oversight responsibilities effectively in light of EFIH’s and EFIH Finance’s business and structure, respectively, the EFIH Board and EFIH Finance Board focused primarily on the information in each of the manager’s or director’s biographical information set forth above. In addition, EFIH believes that each of its managers and each of EFIH Finance’s directors possesses high ethical standards, acts with integrity, and exercises careful judgment. Each is committed to employing his skills and abilities in the long-term interests of EFIH, EFIH Finance and their stakeholders. Finally, each of the managers serving on the EFIH Board and each of the directors serving on the EFIH Finance Board is knowledgeable and experienced in business and civic endeavors, further qualifying them for service as members of the EFIH Board and/or the EFIH Finance Board. Executive Officers The names of EFIH’s and EFIH Finance’s executive officers and information about them, as furnished by the executive officers themselves, are set forth below (except that each executive officer of EFIH Finance was first elected to such executive officer’s office in September 2009): Name of Officer Age Positions and Offices Presently Held Date First Elected to Present Offices Business Experience (Preceding Five Years) John F. Young 53 President and Chief Executive Officer July 2008 John F. Young was elected President and Chief Executive Officer of EFIH in July 2008, of EFIH Finance in September 2009 and of EFH Corp. in January 2008. Before joining EFH Corp., Mr. Young served in many leadership roles at Exelon Corporation from March 2003 to January 2008, including Executive Vice President of Finance and Markets and Chief Financial Officer of Exelon Corporation; President of Exelon Generation; and President and Chief Operating Officer of Exelon Power. Prior to joining Exelon, Mr. Young was Senior Vice President of Sierra Pacific Resources Corporation. Paul M. Keglevic 56 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer July 2008 Paul M. Keglevic was elected Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of EFIH in July 2008, of EFIH Finance in September 2009 and of EFH Corp. in July 2008. Before joining EFH Corp., he was an audit partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers. Mr. Keglevic was Pricewaterhouse-Coopers’ Utility Sector Leader from 2002 to 2008 and Clients and Sector Assurance Leader from 2007 to 2008. B-3 Table of Contents Name of Officer Age Positions and Offices Presently Held Date First Elected to Present Offices Business Experience (Preceding Five Years) Robert C. Walters 51 Executive Vice President and General Counsel March 2008 Robert C. Walters was elected Executive Vice President and General Counsel of EFIH in July 2008 and of EFH Corp. in March 2008. Prior to joining EFH Corp., Mr. Walters was a Partner of Vinson & Elkins LLP and served on the firm’s management committee. Mr. Walters was co-managing partner of the Dallas office of Vinson & Elkins LLP from 1998 through 2005. There is no family relationship between any of the above-named executive officers. B-4 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION EFIH and EFIH Finance’s executive officers are comprised of executive officers of EFIH’s parent company, EFH Corp. Consequently, all of EFIH and EFIH Finance’s named executive officers are also named executive officers of EFH Corp. All compensation matters, including compensation philosophy, are administered by EFH Corp. As a result, set forth below is substantially the same executive compensation disclosure publicly filed with the SEC by EFH Corp. on February 19, 2010 in EFH Corp.’s Annual Report of Form 10-K (the “EFH Corp. Form 10-K”). Organization and Compensation Committee The Organization and Compensation Committee (the “O&C Committee”) of EFH Corp.’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) is comprised of four non-employee directors: Arcilia C. Acosta, Donald L. Evans, Marc S. Lipschultz and Kenneth Pontarelli. The primary responsibility of the O&C Committee is to: • determine and oversee the compensation program of EFH Corp. and its subsidiaries (other than the Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities), including making recommendations to the Board with respect to the adoption, amendment or termination of compensation and benefits plans, arrangements, policies and practices; • evaluate the performance of EFH Corp.’s Chief Executive Officer (the “CEO”) and the other executive officers of EFH Corp. and its subsidiaries (other than the Oncor Ring-Fenced Entities) (collectively, the “executive officers”), including all of the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table (the “Named Executive Officers”), and • approve executive compensation based on those evaluations. Compensation Discussion and Analysis Compensation of the CEO In determining the compensation of the CEO, the O&C Committee annually follows a thorough and detailed process. At the end of each year, the O&C Committee reviews a self-assessment prepared by the CEO regarding his performance and the performance of our businesses and meets (with and without the CEO) to evaluate and discuss his performance and the performance of our businesses. In addition to conducting an annual review of the CEO’s performance, the O&C Committee periodically uses independent compensation consultants to assess the compensation of the CEO against a variety of market reference points and competitive data, including the compensation practices of a number of companies that we consider to comprise our peer group, size-adjusted energy services industry survey data and size-adjusted general industry survey data. While the O&C Committee tries to ensure that the bulk of the CEO’s compensation is directly linked to his performance and the performance of our businesses, the O&C Committee also seeks to set his compensation in the manner that is competitive for retention purposes. The last assessment of the CEO’s compensation was performed in late 2009 / early 2010, when the O&C Committee engaged Towers Watson to perform a competitive analysis of the CEO’s compensation. In January 2010, Towers Watson delivered its report to the O&C Committee, which report included market data for a peer group composed of the following companies: AES Corporation Allegheny Energy, Inc. Ameren Corp. American Electric Power Co. Inc, Calpine Corp. Constellation Energy Group Inc. Dominion Resources Inc. Duke Energy Corp. Edison International Entergy Corp. Exelon Corp. FirstEnergy Corp. FPL Group Inc. Mirant Corp. NRG Energy, Inc. PPL Corp. Progress Energy Inc. Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. RRI Energy Inc. Southern Co. Xcel Energy Inc. The data for CEO compensation of the peer group was developed at both the 50th and 75th percentiles of market in order to provide the O&C Committee with a broad market view and multiple benchmarks. The O&C Committee targets total direct compensation around the 75 th percentile of the peer group. B-5 Table of Contents While the O&C Committee considers market reference points and competitive data in determining the appropriate compensation of the CEO (and the other executive officers), the O&C Committee also considers qualitative and subjective factors that are more specific to EFH Corp. in making such determinations. One such factor is the fact that EFH Corp. is a highly-leveraged, privately-owned company. In this regard, while executive officers of publicly traded energy companies, including those in our peer group, are typically granted smaller long-term equity incentive awards on an annual basis, our executive officers received one-time, up front grants of long-term equity incentive awards intended to cover a multi-year period. Extended periods of economic strength or weakness generally has less affect on the cumulative value of annual awards as compared to one-time, up front awards because the annual awards are typically granted at fair market value over time. Accordingly, one-time, up front awards are typically riskier than annual awards. After a comprehensive review of the CEO’s performance and the performance of our businesses in 2009, and taking into consideration the Towers Watson report, the economic dislocation occurring over the last 18 months and other qualitative and subjective factors as described above, the O&C Committee approved several changes to the compensation arrangement for the CEO in February 2010. The O&C Committee made these changes to provide incentives for retention and performance and to maintain a strong alignment between the CEO and our shareholders. We believe these changes are consistent with our compensation philosophy as described below. Compensation of Other Executive Officers In determining whether to make any adjustments to the compensation of any of our executive officers (other than the CEO), the O&C Committee seeks the input of the CEO. At the end of each year, the CEO reviews a self-assessment prepared by each of these executive officers and assesses the executive officer’s performance against business unit and individual goals and objectives. The O&C Committee and the CEO then review the CEO’s assessments and, in that context, the O&C Committee approves any adjustments to the compensation for each of these executive officers. In addition to these annual reviews/assessments, the CEO periodically assesses the compensation of each of these executive officers. The last assessment of the compensation of the executive officers by the CEO was performed in the second half of 2009. Following that assessment, and taking into consideration the economic dislocation occurring over the last 18 months and other qualitative and subjective factors as described above, the CEO suggested several changes to the compensation arrangements for certain of our executive officers in order to provide incentives for retention and performance and to maintain alignment between our executive officers and shareholders. These changes, which are described in more detail below, were approved by the O&C Committee in October 2009 with respect to such executive officers, including each of Messrs. Keglevic, Campbell, Walters and Burke. We believe these changes are consistent with our compensation philosophy as described below. Compensation Philosophy We have a pay-for-performance compensation philosophy, which places an emphasis on pay-at-risk. In other words, a significant portion of an executive officer’s compensation is comprised of variable, at-risk incentive compensation. Our compensation program is intended to compensate executive officers appropriately for their contribution to the attainment of our financial, operational and strategic objectives. In addition, we believe it is important to retain our executive officers and strongly align their interests with EFH Corp.’s shareholders by emphasizing long-term incentive compensation, including equity-based compensation. To achieve our compensation philosophy, we believe that: • compensation plans should balance both long-term and short-term objectives; • the overall compensation program should emphasize variable compensation elements that have a direct link to overall corporate performance and shareholder value, and • an executive officer’s individual compensation level should be based upon an evaluation of the financial and operational performance of that executive officer’s business unit as well as the executive officer’s individual performance. B-6 Table of Contents We believe our compensation philosophy supports our businesses by: • aligning performance measures with our business objectives to drive the financial and operational performance of EFH Corp. and its business units; • rewarding business unit and individual performance by providing compensation levels consistent with the level of contribution and degree of accountability; • attracting and retaining the best performers, and • strengthening the correlation between the long-term interests of our executive officers and shareholders. Elements of Compensation The material elements of our executive compensation program are: • a base salary; • the opportunity to earn an annual performance-based cash bonus based on the achievement of specific corporate, business unit and individual performance goals, and • long-term incentive awards, primarily in the form of (i) long-term cash incentive awards and (ii) options to purchase shares of EFH Corp.’s common stock (the “Stock Option Awards”) under our 2007 Stock Incentive Plan for Key Employees of EFH Corp. and Affiliates (the “2007 Stock Incentive Plan”). In addition, executive officers generally have the opportunity to participate in certain of our broad-based employee compensation plans, including our Thrift (401(k)) Plan, retirement plans and non-qualified benefit plans, and to receive certain perquisites. Assessment of Compensation Elements We design the majority of an executive officer’s compensation to be directly linked to corporate and business unit performance. For example, an executive officer’s annual performance-based cash bonus is primarily based on the achievement of certain corporate and business unit financial and operational targets (such as management EBITDA, cost management, generation output and customer satisfaction). In addition, the vesting of a portion of each executive officer’s Stock Option Awards is contingent upon the attainment of certain management EBITDA targets. We also try to ensure that our executive compensation program is competitive in order to reduce the risk of losing our executive officers. The following is a detailed discussion of the principal compensation elements provided to our executive officers. More detail about each of the elements can be found in the compensation tables, including the footnotes to the tables, and the narrative discussion following certain of the tables. Base Salary Base salary should reward executive officers for the scope and complexity of their position and the level of responsibility required. We believe that a competitive level of base salary is required to attract and retain qualified talent. The O&C Committee annually reviews base salaries and periodically uses independent compensation consultants to ensure the base salaries are market-competitive. The O&C Committee may also review an executive officer’s base salary from time to time during a year, including if the executive officer is given a promotion or if his responsibilities are significantly increased. We want to ensure our cash compensation is competitive and sufficient to incent executive officers to remain with us, recognizing our high performance expectations across a broad set of operational, financial, customer service and community-oriented goals and objectives and the higher risk levels associated with being a significantly-leveraged company. B-7 Table of Contents In light of the significant market dislocation and uncertainty that began in late 2008 and continued into 2009, our Named Executive Officers’ base salaries for 2009 remained unchanged from 2008 levels. In October 2009, the O&C Committee approved an increase in the base salary, effective January 1, 2010, for each of the Named Executive Officers, with the exception of Messrs. Young and Burke. In February 2010, the O&C Committee approved an increase in the base salary of each of Messrs. Young and Burke, which increases took effect retroactively on January 1, 2010. These increases reflect, in part, that none of the Named Executive Officers received a salary increase for 2009. The following table indicates the Named Executive Officers’ base salaries for 2008, 2009 and 2010. Name Title 2008 Base Salary 2009 Base Salary Approved 2010 Base Salary John F. Young President and Chief Executive Officer of EFH Corp. $ 1,000,000 $ 1,000,000 $ 1,200,000 Paul M. Keglevic Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of EFH Corp. $ 600,000 $ 600,000 $ 650,000 David A. Campbell Chief Executive Officer of Luminant $ 600,000 $ 600,000 $ 700,000 Robert C. Walters Executive Vice President and General Counsel of EFH Corp. $ 575,000 $ 575,000 $ 600,000 James A. Burke Chief Executive Officer of TXU Energy $ 600,000 $ 600,000 $ 630,000 Rizwan Chand (1) Former Executive Vice President - Human Resources of EFH Corp. $ 450,000 $ 450,000 N/A (1) Mr. Chand’s employment with EFH Corp. terminated in October 2009. Annual Performance-Based Cash Bonus—Executive Annual Incentive Plan The Executive Annual Incentive Plan (“EAIP”) provides an annual performance-based cash bonus for the successful attainment of certain annual financial and operational performance targets that are established annually at each of the corporate and business unit levels by the O&C Committee. Under the terms of the EAIP, performance against these targets, which are generally set at challenging levels to incent high performance, drives bonus funding. Based on the level of attainment of these performance targets, an aggregate EAIP funding percentage amount for all participants is determined. Our financial performance targets typically include “management” EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure. When the O&C Committee reviews management EBITDA for purposes of determining our performance against the applicable management EBITDA target, it includes our earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization plus transaction, management and/or similar fees paid to the Sponsor Group, together with such adjustments as the O&C Committee shall determine appropriate in its discretion after good faith consultation with the CEO and the Chief Financial Officer, including adjustments consistent with those included in the comparable definitions in TCEH’s Senior Secured Facilities (to the extent considered appropriate for executive compensation purposes). Our management EBITDA targets are also expected to be adjusted for acquisitions, divestitures or major capital investment initiatives to the extent that they were not contemplated in our financial plan (the “Financial Plan”). The management EBITDA targets are intended to measure achievement of the Financial Plan and the adjustments to management EBITDA described above primarily represent elements of our performance that are either beyond the control of management or were not predictable at the time the Financial Plan was submitted. The O&C Committee has broad authority to make these or any other adjustments to EBITDA that it deems appropriate in connection with its evaluation and compensation of our executive officers. Management EBITDA is an internal measure used only for performance management purposes, and EFH Corp. does not intend for management EBITDA to be an alternative to any measure of financial performance presented in accordance with GAAP. Management EBITDA is not the same as Adjusted EBITDA, which is disclosed elsewhere in the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part and defined in Annex A to this prospectus. B-8 Table of Contents Financial and Operational Performance Targets The following table provides a summary of the performance targets for Mr. Young, who had primary responsibility at EFH Corp. Performance Targets—EFH Corp. Weight Performance (1) Payout EFH Corp. Management EBITDA 50 % 101 % 50 % EFH Corp. Management EBITDA (excluding Oncor) 10 % 119 % 12 % Luminant Scorecard Multiplier (see below) 10 % 119 % 12 % TXU Energy Scorecard Multiplier (see below) 10 % 141 % 14 % EFH Corp. Total Spend 10 % 121 % 12 % EFH Business Services Cost 10 % 130 % 13 % Total 100 % 113 % (1) Performance payouts equal 100% if the target amount is achieved for a particular metric, 50% if the threshold amount is achieved and 200% if the superior amount is achieved. The actual performance payouts are interpolated between threshold and target or target and superior, as applicable, with a maximum performance payout for any particular metric being equal to 200%. The following table provides a summary of the performance targets for Messrs. Keglevic and Walters, who had primary responsibility at EFH Corp. and EFH Business Services. Performance Targets—EFH Corp./Services Weight Performance (1) Payout EFH Corp. Management EBITDA (excluding Oncor) 60 % 119 % 72 % Luminant Scorecard Multiplier (see below) 10 % 119 % 12 % TXU Energy Scorecard Multiplier (see below) 10 % 141 % 14 % EFH Corp. Total Spend 10 % 121 % 12 % EFH Business Services Cost 10 % 130 % 13 % Total 100 % 123 % (1) Performance payouts equal 100% if the target amount is achieved for a particular metric, 50% if the threshold amount is achieved and 200% if the superior amount is achieved. The actual performance payouts are interpolated between threshold and target or target and superior, as applicable, with a maximum performance payout for any particular metric being equal to 200%. B-9 Table of Contents The following table provides a summary of the performance targets for Mr. Campbell, who had primary responsibility at Luminant. Performance Targets—Luminant Weight Performance (1) Payout EFH Corp. Management EBITDA (excluding Oncor) 25 % 119 % 30 % Luminant Management EBITDA (excluding 3 new units) 30 % 146 % 44 % Luminant Baseload Generation (excluding 3 new units) 18.75 % 89 % 17 % Luminant O&M/SG&A/Capital Expenditures 15 % 139 % 21 % Luminant Fossil Fuel Costs 7.5 % 75 % 5 % Management EBITDA for 3 new units (excluding capital expenditures) 3.75 % 56 % 2 % Total 100 % 119 % (1) Performance payouts equal 100% if the target amount is achieved for a particular metric, 50% if the threshold amount is achieved and 200% if the superior amount is achieved. The actual performance payouts are interpolated between threshold and target or target and superior, as applicable, with a maximum performance payout for any particular metric being equal to 200%. The following table provides a summary of the performance targets for Mr. Burke, who had primary responsibility at TXU Energy. Performance Targets—TXU Energy Weight Performance (1) Payout EFH Corp. Management EBITDA (excluding Oncor) 25 % 119 % 30 % TXU Energy Management EBITDA 26.25 % 200 % 53 % Contribution Margin 15 % 200 % 30 % TXU Energy Total Costs 15 % 59 % 9 % Upgrades to Customer Care System (Project Spend, PUCT Complaints and Days Meter to Cash) 11.25 % 29 % 3 % Customer Satisfaction 7.5 % 150 % 11 % Total 100 % 136 % (1) Performance payouts equal 100% if the target amount is achieved for a particular metric, 50% if the threshold amount is achieved and 200% if the superior amount is achieved. The actual performance payouts are interpolated between threshold and target or target and superior, as applicable, with a maximum performance payout for any particular metric being equal to 200%. Individual Performance Modifier After approving the actual performance against the applicable targets under the plan, the O&C Committee and/or the CEO reviews the performance of each of our executive officers on an individual and comparative basis. Based on this review, which includes an analysis of both objective and subjective criteria, including the CEO’s recommendations (with respect to all executive officers other than himself), the O&C Committee approves an individual modifier for each executive officer. Under the terms of the EAIP for 2009, the individual performance modifier can range from an outstanding rating (200%) to an unacceptable rating (0%). In February 2010, the O&C Committee amended the EAIP to reduce the maximum individual performance modifier applicable for 2010 and beyond from 200% to 150%. To calculate an executive officer’s final performance-based cash bonus, the executive officer’s corporate/business unit payout percentages are multiplied by the executive officer’s target incentive level, which is computed as a percentage of annualized base salary, and then by the executive officer’s individual performance modifier. B-10 Table of Contents Actual Award The following table provides a summary of the 2009 performance-based cash bonus for each Named Executive Officer (other than Mr. Chand) under the EAIP. Name Target (% of salary) Target Award ($ Value) Actual Award John F. Young (1) 100 % $ 1,000,000 $ 1,469,000 Paul M. Keglevic (2) 75 % $ 450,000 $ 664,200 David A. Campbell (3) 75 % $ 450,000 $ 642,600 Robert C. Walters (4) 75 % $ 431,250 $ 610,000 James A. Burke (5) 75 % $ 450,000 $ 856,800 (1) Mr. Young’s incentive award is based on the successful achievement of the financial performance targets for EFH Corp. and the financial and operational performance targets for Luminant and TXU Energy and an individual performance modifier that increased his incentive award. In 2009, Mr. Young successfully led the company in a difficult year in which sales volumes and demand fell, wholesale power prices declined and the credit markets were at times inaccessible. Notwithstanding these difficulties, Mr. Young created value in many parts of the company’s businesses. In particular, Mr. Young led the company’s efforts in, among other things: improving operations and safety at our generation and mining operations; participating in the national debate on climate change, green energy and financial reforms; bringing online two new lignite-fueled generation units on time and budget; implementing substantial and lasting cost reductions; exceeding EFH Corp.’s planned EBITDA for 2009; and strengthening the company’s management team. Given these and other significant achievements, the O&C Committee approved an individual performance modifier that increased Mr. Young’s incentive award. (2) Mr. Keglevic’s incentive award is based on the successful achievement of the financial performance targets for EFH Corp. and EFH Business Services and the financial and operational performance targets for Luminant and TXU Energy and an individual performance modifier that increased his incentive award. In 2009, Mr. Keglevic successfully implemented several new financial processes at EFH Corp. and its business units, including processes for understanding, managing and communicating the financial and operational performance of our businesses, managing the varied risks of our businesses and preserving effective liquidity levels. In addition, Mr. Keglevic led the company’s liquidity and liability management efforts, including the successful amendment to the TCEH Senior Secured Facilities. Given these significant accomplishments and other achievements (including his installation of a “drive for results” culture), the O&C Committee approved an individual performance modifier that increased Mr. Keglevic’s incentive award. (3) Mr. Campbell’s incentive award is based on the successful achievement of a financial performance target for EFH Corp. and the financial and operational performance targets for Luminant and an individual performance modifier that increased his incentive award. In 2009, Mr. Campbell strengthened the Luminant management team (including, among others, the designation of a new Chief Nuclear Officer and Chief Fossil Officer) while overseeing strong financial and operational results primarily at Luminant’s nuclear plant and in Luminant’s wholesale energy organization. Luminant’s baseload generation construction program also achieved several important milestones, including the substantial completion of the two new lignite-fueled units, at costs and time-to-build schedules that are in the top decile relative to recent industry benchmarks. In addition, under Mr. Campbell’s leadership, Luminant had a very strong year for safety, with substantially all of its recordable safety metrics being in the top quartile for its industry. Given these significant accomplishments and other achievements (including his focus on developing strategic business solutions and building a team-oriented culture), the O&C Committee approved an individual performance modifier that increased Mr. Campbell’s incentive award. (4) Mr. Walters’ incentive award is based on the successful achievement of the financial performance targets for EFH Corp. and EFH Business Services and the financial and operational performance targets for Luminant and TXU Energy and an individual performance modifier that increased his incentive award. In 2009, Mr. Walters successfully managed several significant legal issues of the company. In particular, Mr. Walters’ led the company’s efforts in (i) defending the challenges to the Oak Grove and Sandow 5 construction and operating permits, (ii) negotiating the termination and transition of the company’s outsourcing relationship with CapGemini Energy and (iii) settling a dispute with the PUCT regarding alleged market manipulation activities. In addition, Mr. Walters drove improvements in the financial performance of our real estate holdings. Given these significant accomplishments and other achievements (including his strategic contributions in the political and civic arena on a local, state and national level), the O&C Committee approved an individual performance modifier that increased Mr. Walters’ incentive award. (5) Mr. Burke’s incentive award is based on the successful achievement of a financial performance target for EFH Corp. and the financial and operational performance targets for TXU Energy and an individual performance modifier that increased his incentive award. In 2009, Mr. Burke strengthened the TXU Energy management team and performance-oriented culture to drive strong financial and operational results at TXU Energy. Among the operational results, Mr. Burke led the successful implementation of a new customer care system and successfully managed the transition of a number of functions previously performed by Capgemini Energy. Among the financial results, Mr. Burke was successful in driving improvement in retail margins, managing TXU Energy through a challenging economic environment and implementing overall customer satisfaction ratings. Given these significant accomplishments and other achievements (including his continued commitment to build a strong retail and customer-focused culture at TXU Energy), the O&C Committee approved an individual performance modifier that increased Mr. Burke’s incentive award. B-11 Table of Contents In October 2009, the O&C Committee approved an increase in the annual target award under the EAIP from 75% of base salary to 85% of base salary for Messrs. Keglevic, Campbell, Walters and Burke. These increases will be effective for the 2010 award period. Long-Term Incentive Awards Long-Term Cash Incentive In October 2009, the O&C Committee approved the adoption of a new long-term cash incentive (the “LTI”), effective as of the date of adoption, to be included by amendment in the employment agreements of each of Messrs. Keglevic, Campbell, Walters and Burke. Under the terms of the LTI, each of Messrs. Keglevic, Campbell, Walters and Burke will be entitled to receive on September 30, 2012, to the extent such Named Executive Officer remains employed by EFH Corp. on such date (with customary exceptions for death, disability, and leaving for “good reason” or termination without “cause”), an additional one-time, lump-sum cash payment equal to 75% of the aggregate EAIP award received by such executive officer for fiscal years 2009, 2010 and 2011. In February 2010, the O&C Committee approved the adoption of an LTI to be included by amendment in the employment agreement of Mr. Young. Under the terms of the LTI, Mr. Young will be entitled to receive on September 30, 2012, to the extent Mr. Young remains employed by EFH Corp. on such date (with customary exceptions for death, disability, and leaving for “good reason” or termination without “cause”), an additional one-time, lump-sum cash payment equal to 100% of the aggregate EAIP award received by Mr. Young for fiscal years 2009, 2010 and 2011. These awards provide significant retentive value because an award is not paid to an executive officer unless the executive officer remains employed with us until September 30, 2012 (subject to the customary exceptions described above). In addition, these awards provide additional incentive to our executive officers to achieve top operational and financial performance because the award is based on a percentage of the executive officers’ annual performance-based cash bonuses. Long-Term Equity Incentives We believe it is important to strongly align the interests of our executive officers and shareholders through equity-based compensation. In December 2007, our Board approved and adopted our 2007 Stock Incentive Plan pursuant to which we grant Stock Option Awards to our executive officers. The purpose of the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan is to: • promote our long-term financial interests and growth by attracting and retaining management and other personnel with the training, experience and ability to make a substantial contribution to our success; • motivate management and other personnel by means of growth-related incentives to achieve long-range goals, and • strengthen the correlation between the long-term interests of our shareholders and the interests of our executive officers through opportunities for stock (or stock-based) ownership in EFH Corp. The Stock Option Awards granted to our executive officers provide significant retentive value because a portion of these awards is time-based and vest over a five year period. In addition, we believe that the Stock Option Awards granted to our executive officers provide incentive to our executive officers to achieve top operational and financial performance because a portion of these Stock Option Awards is performance-based and only vests upon EFH Corp. achieving certain management EBITDA targets. B-12 Table of Contents In February 2008, Mr. Young was granted 7,500,000 Stock Option Awards. In May 2008, Messrs. Campbell, Walters and Burke were granted 4,000,000, 2,000,000 and 2,450,000 Stock Option Awards, respectively. In December 2008, Mr. Keglevic was granted 2,500,000 Stock Option Awards. Each of these Stock Option Awards are set forth in the table below and are referred to as the “Original Stock Option Awards,” half of which were “Original Time Vested Options” and half of which were “Original Performance Vested Options”. The exercise price of the Original Stock Option Awards (the fair market value on the grant date) is $5.00. Executive Officer Original Time Vested Options Original Performance Vested Options Exercise Price John Young 3,750,000 3,750,000 $ 5.00 Paul Keglevic 1,250,000 1,250,000 $ 5.00 David Campbell 2,000,000 2,000,000 $ 5.00 Robert Walters 1,000,000 1,000,000 $ 5.00 James Burke 1,225,000 1,225,000 $ 5.00 In October 2009 (February 2010, with respect to Mr. Young), the O&C Committee approved the grant of new Stock Option Awards to the Named Executive Officers as set forth in the table below. The new Stock Option Awards are referred to as the “New Stock Option Awards,” a portion of which are “New Time Vested Options” and a portion of which are “New Cliff Vested Options.” In connection with these grants, each Named Executive Officer surrendered to EFH Corp. a portion of his Original Performance Vested Options. The exercise price of the New Stock Option Awards is $3.50. Executive Officer Surrendered Original Performance Vested Options New Time Vested Options New Cliff Vested Options Exercise Price John Young 1,500,000 1,500,000 1,500,000 $ $ 5.00 3.50 Paul Keglevic 500,000 500,000 500,000 $ $ 5.00 3.50 David Campbell 800,000 800,000 800,000 $ $ 5.00 3.50 Robert Walters 400,000 400,000 400,000 $ $ 5.00 3.50 James Burke 490,000 200,000 490,000 $ $ 5.00 3.50 Please refer to the outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End—2009 table, including the footnotes thereto, for a summary of the outstanding Stock Option Awards held by each of the Named Executive Officers. The Stock Option Awards vest (subject to the executive officer continuing to be employed by EFH Corp.) as follows: • Time Vested Options • The Original Time Vested Options and the New Time Vested Options vest in 20% increments on each of the first five anniversaries of September 30, 2007 and September 30, 2009, respectively. • The New Cliff Vested Options vest 100% on September 30, 2014. • Performance Vested Options • The Original Performance Vested Options vest in 20% increments on each of the first five anniversaries of December 31, 2007, subject to our achievement of the annual management EBITDA target for the given fiscal year (or certain cumulative performance targets) as detailed in the stock option agreements. In deciding whether to vest the Original Performance Vested Options, the O&C Committee considers EFH Corp.’s quantitative performance against certain management EBITDA targets. The method of calculating management EBITDA for purposes of vesting the Original Performance Vested Options is the same as the method for calculating management EBITDA for purposes of the EAIP, as described above. The O&C Committee also has broad discretion to consider other qualitative and quantitative criteria that it deems appropriate in connection with its decision to vest the Original Performance Vested Options. B-13 Table of Contents Our management EBITDA for 2009 was less than the management EBITDA target of $5.569 billion set forth in the applicable stock option agreements with respect to 2009. While EFH Corp. did not meet the applicable management EBITDA target, which was originally established in 2007, it exceeded the management EBITDA target established by the O&C Committee in the beginning of 2009 for purposes of the EAIP. In addition, EFH Corp.’s actual SG&A for 2009 was less than the targeted amount of SG&A set by the O&C Committee. Given these achievements, as well as the successful attainment of most of the other annual financial and operational performance targets that were established by the O&C Committee at the beginning of 2009, the O&C Committee exercised its discretionary authority under the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan and approved the vesting of the 2009 Original Performance Vested Options. In the future, we may make additional discretionary grants of stock options or other equity-based compensation to reward high performance or achievement. Equity Investment In addition to being granted Stock Option Awards, several of our Named Executive Officers (including Messrs. Young, Keglevic, Campbell and Burke) have an equity investment in EFH Corp. These investments have been made through a direct cash investment for shares of EFH Corp. common stock (Mr. Young) and/or through the receipt of restricted stock units (Mr. Young) or deferred shares of EFH Corp. common stock (Messrs. Keglevic, Campbell and Burke) (i) as a result of the executive officer foregoing the right to receive certain payments from EFH Corp., whether in respect of outstanding equity awards issued prior to the Merger or otherwise (Messrs. Campbell and Burke) or (ii) as consideration for compensation forfeited by the executive officer when he left his former employer to join EFH Corp. (Messrs. Young and Keglevic). We believe such investment strongly aligns the interests of our Named Executive Officers with the interests of our shareholders and provides increased incentive to our executive officers to maximize financial and operational performance because the value of their investment is dependant upon the success of EFH Corp. In addition, as we are a private company, the illiquid nature of the investment provides additional retentive value. Other Elements of Compensation General Our executive officers generally have the opportunity to participate in certain of our broad-based employee compensation plans, including our Thrift (401(k)) Plan, retirement plans and non-qualified benefit plans. Please refer to the footnotes to the Summary Compensation table for a more detailed description of our Thrift Plan, the narrative that follows the Pension Benefits table for a more detailed description of our Retirement Plan and Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan and the footnotes to the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation table for a more detailed description of our Salary Deferral Program. B-14 Table of Contents Perquisites We do not believe that a significant amount of perquisites fit within our compensation philosophy. Those perquisites that exist are intended to serve as part of a competitive total compensation program and to enhance our executive officers’ ability to conduct company business. These benefits include financial planning, a preventive physical health exam and reimbursement for certain spousal travel expenses. Expenditures for the perquisites outlined above are disclosed by individual in footnotes to the Summary Compensation Table. The following is a summary of perquisites offered to our Named Executive Officers that are not available to all employees: Executive Financial Planning: We pay for our executive officers to receive financial planning services. This service is intended to support them in managing their financial affairs, which we consider especially important given the high level of time commitment and performance expectation required of our executive officers. Furthermore, we believe that such service helps ensure greater accuracy and compliance with individual tax regulations by our executive officers. Annual Executive Physical Health Exam: We pay for our executive officers to receive annual physical health exams. The health of our executive officers is important given the vital leadership role they play in directing and operating the company. Our executive officers are important assets of EFH Corp., and this benefit is designed to help ensure their health and long-term ability to serve our shareholders. Spouse Travel Expenses: From time to time, we pay for an executive officer’s spouse to travel with the executive officer when taking a business trip. Contingent Payments We have entered into employment agreements with Messrs. Young, Keglevic, Campbell, Walters and Burke. Each of the employment agreements provides that certain payments and benefits will be paid upon the expiration or termination of the agreement under various circumstances, including termination without cause, resignation for good reason and termination of employment within a fixed period of time following a change in control. We believe these provisions are important in order to attract and retain the caliber of executive officers that our business requires and provide incentive for our executive officers to fully consider potential changes that are in our and our shareholders’ best interest, even if such changes would result in the executive officers’ termination of employment. For a description of the applicable provisions in the employment agreements of our Named Executive Officers see “Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control.” Other On February 15, 2010, the O&C Committee approved several changes to Mr. Young’s compensation arrangements, including certain amendments to his employment agreement and his stock option agreement. Generally, these changes were made after considering relevant market compensation data and for retention purposes. Pursuant to Mr. Young’s amended employment agreement, Mr. Young’s base salary was increased from $1,000,000 to $1,200,000, which increase will be effective retroactively to January 1, 2010, and Mr. Young was granted a new cash-based retention incentive award (the “Retention Award”). Under the terms of the Retention Award, Mr. Young will be entitled to receive on September 30, 2012, to the extent Mr. Young remains employed by EFH Corp. on such date (with customary exceptions for death, disability and leaving for “good reason” or termination without “cause”), an additional one-time, lump-sum cash payment equal to 100% of the aggregate Executive Annual Incentive Plan award received by (or otherwise payable to) Mr. Young for fiscal years 2009, 2010 and 2011. In addition, Mr. Young’s amended employment agreement provides that EFH Corp. will (i) purchase, on behalf of Mr. Young, a 10 year term life insurance policy in an insured amount equal to $10,000,000 and (ii) adopt a supplemental retirement plan for Mr. Young that vests on December 31, 2014 (with customary exceptions for death, disability and leaving for “good reason” or termination “without cause”) with a value of $3,000,000. B-15 Table of Contents Pursuant to Mr. Young’s amended stock option agreement, Mr. Young received a grant of 3,000,000 new stock options under the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan at a strike price of $3.50 per share. Half of Mr. Young’s new stock options are cliff-vested options that will vest 100% on September 30, 2014, and the other half are time-vested options that will vest 20% per year over a five-year period beginning September 30, 2009. In connection with the grant of these new stock options, Mr. Young surrendered to EFH Corp. 1,500,000 unvested performance-related stock options that were granted to Mr. Young when he joined EFH Corp. Also, in February 2010, the O&C Committee increased Mr. Burke’s base salary to $630,000. The increase took effect retroactively on January 1, 2010. Accounting and Tax Considerations Accounting Considerations Under FASB ASC Topic 718, the total amount of compensation expense to be recorded for stock-based awards (e.g., Stock Option Awards granted under the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan) is based on the fair value of the award on the grant date. This fair value is then recorded as expense over the vesting period, with an offsetting increase in paid-in capital. The amount of compensation expense is not subsequently adjusted for changes in our share price, for the actual number of shares distributed, or for any other factors except for true-ups related to estimated forfeitures compared to actual forfeitures. The surrendered shares are considered modifications to the original awards and are treated as an exchange of the original award for a new award. The compensation expense related to the new award represents the incremental costs of the surrendered shares and is based on the new grant date fair value and is recognized over its new vesting period. Income Tax Considerations Section 162(m) of the Code limits the tax deductibility by a publicly held company of compensation in excess of $1 million paid to the CEO or any other of its three most highly compensated executive officers other than the principal financial officer. Because EFH Corp. is a privately-held company, Section 162(m) will not limit the tax deductibility of any executive compensation for 2009. The O&C Committee administers our compensation programs with the good faith intention of complying with Section 409A of the Code. B-16 Table of Contents Summary Compensation Table The following table provides information for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 regarding the aggregate compensation paid to our Named Executive Officers. Name and Principal Position Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) Stock Awards ($) Option Awards ($) ( 7 ) Non- Equity Incentive Plan Compen- sation ($) ( 8 ) Change in Pension Value and Non- qualified Deferred Compen- sation Earnings ($) ( 9 ) All Other Compen- sation ($) ( 10 ) Total ($) John F. Young (1) President & CEO of EFH Corp. 2009 2008 2007 1,000,000 912,500 N/A — — N/A — 3,000,000 N/A — 13,635,000 N/A 1,469,000 1,418,000 N/A — — N/A 105,291 462,258 N/A 2,574,291 19,427,758 N/A Paul M. Keglevic (2 ) EVP & Chief Financial Officer of EFH Corp. 2009 2008 2007 600,000 293,182 N/A 150,000 250,000 N/A — 1,125,000 N/A 1,325,000 6,442,500 N/A 664,200 613,800 N/A — — N/A 73,320 88,508 N/A 2,812,520 8,812,990 N/A David A. Campbell (3) President & CEO of Luminant 2009 2008 2007 600,000 545,500 382,000 — 5,092,250 — — 2,500,000 2,292,000 2,120,000 7,272,000 — 642,600 625,950 300,481 68,861 22,779 14,667 15,020 3,395,878 2,342,814 3,446,481 19,454,357 5,331,962 Robert C. Walters (4) EVP & General Counsel of EFH Corp. 2009 2008 2007 575,000 435,609 N/A — 100,000 N/A — — N/A 1,060,000 3,636,000 N/A 610,000 695,175 N/A — — N/A 81,562 44,249 N/A 2,326,562 4,911,033 N/A James A. Burke (5) President & CEO of TXU Energy 2009 2008 2007 600,000 600,000 342,712 — — — — — 830,850 933,100 4,454,100 — 856,800 473,918 274,050 55,931 25,501 9,864 23,885 639,136 978,189 2,469,716 6,192,655 2,435,665 Rizwan Chand ( 6 ) Former EVP—Human Resources of EFH Corp 2009 2008 2007 348,750 N/A N/A — N/A N/A — N/A N/A — N/A N/A — N/A N/A 36,218 N/A N/A 2,110,925 N/A N/A 2,495,893 N/A N/A (1) Mr. Young commenced employment with EFH Corp. in January 2008. The amounts for 2009 reported as “All Other Compensation” for Mr. Young represent (i) the costs of providing certain perquisites, including $9,728 for financial planning and $863 of taxable reimbursements partially related to his spouse’s travel and (ii) $14,700 and $80,000 for our matching contributions to the EFH Thrift Plan and the Salary Deferral Plan, respectively. (2) Mr. Keglevic commenced employment with EFH Corp. in July 2008. Mr. Keglevic’s employment agreement provides that we pay him a signing bonus equal to $550,000 as follows: (i) $250,000 payable in July 2008; (ii) $150,000 payable in July 2009 and (iii) $50,000 payable in July 2010, 2011 and 2012. The amount for 2009 reported as “Bonus” for Mr. Keglevic represents the 2009 portion of his signing bonus. The amounts for 2009 reported as “All Other Compensation” for Mr. Keglevic represent (i) the costs of providing certain perquisites, including $2,724 for an executive physical, $3,410 of taxable reimbursements primarily related to his spouse’s travel and $11,836 for moving expenses and (ii) $7,350 and $48,000 for our matching contributions to the EFH Thrift Plan and the Salary Deferral Plan, respectively. (3) The amount reported as “All Other Compensation” in 2009 for Mr. Campbell represents (i) $10,120 for financial planning and (ii) $4,900 for our matching contributions to the EFH Thrift Plan. The amount reported as “All Other Compensation” in 2008 for Mr. Campbell includes $3,319,963 for a tax gross-up payment that was made in 2009. The tax gross-up payment, which was not reported in the 2008 Summary Compensation Table, related to excise taxes due with respect to a January 2009 payment of $5,092,250 that was provided to Mr. Campbell as an inducement for entering into his employment agreement in 2008. The $5,092,250 was reported in the 2008 Summary Compensation Table under “Bonus,” and we believe the tax gross-up payment should be reported for the same calendar year as the related payment. (4) Mr. Walters commenced employment with EFH Corp. in March 2008. The amounts for 2009 reported as “All Other Compensation” for Mr. Walters represent (i) the costs of providing certain perquisites, including $16,800 for financial planning, $2,350 for an executive physical and $1,712 of taxable reimbursements primarily related to his spouse’s travel and (ii) $14,700 and $46,000 for our matching contributions to the EFH Thrift Plan and the Salary Deferral Plan, respectively. B-17 Table of Contents (5) The amounts for 2009 reported as “All Other Compensation” for Mr. Burke represent (i) the costs of providing certain perquisites, including $8,875 for financial planning, $2,350 for an executive physical and $660 of taxable reimbursements and (ii) $12,000 for our matching contributions to the EFH Thrift Plan. (6) Mr. Chand’s employment with EFH Corp. terminated in October 2009. The amounts for 2009 reported as “All Other Compensation” for Mr. Chand represent (i) the costs of providing certain perquisites, including $8,875 for financial planning and $2,350 for an executive physical (ii) $14,700 for our matching contributions to the EFH Thrift Plan, (iii) $1,485,000 in cash severance due to him under the terms of his employment agreement, and (iv) $600,000 related to his deferred share agreement with EFH Corp. (7) The amounts reported as “Option Awards” represent the grant date fair value of Stock Option Awards granted in the fiscal year computed for the stock options awarded under the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 and do not take into account estimated forfeitures. See table titled “Grants of Plan-Based Awards—2009”. In February 2010, Mr. Young received certain new Stock Option Awards. The grant date fair value of those Stock Option Awards was $3,405,000. (8) The amounts in 2009 reported as “Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation” were earned by the executive officers in 2009 under the EAIP and are expected to be paid in March 2010. (9) The amounts in 2009 reported under “Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings” (i) include the aggregate increase in actuarial value of EFH Corp.’s Retirement Plan and Supplemental Retirement Plan and (ii) exclude amounts attributable to the portion of the vested amounts for Messrs. Young ($33,313), Keglevic ($44,409), Walters ($62,351) and Burke ($19,500) that were transferred from the Supplemental Retirement Plan and/or Salary Deferral Program to the cash balance component of the Retirement Plan as of December 31, 2009. For a more detailed description of EFH Corp.’s retirement plans, including the transfers of certain assets and liabilities from the Supplemental Retirement Plan and/or Salary Deferral Program to the cash balance component of the Retirement Plan, please refer to the narrative that follows the table titled “Pension Benefits”. There are no above market earnings for nonqualified deferred compensation that is deferred under the Salary Deferral Program. (10) As described above, “All Other Compensation” includes amounts associated with our matching contributions to the EFH Thrift Plan and Salary Deferral Plan. Our Thrift Plan allows participating employees to contribute a portion of their regular salary or wages to the plan. Under the Thrift Plan, EFH Corp. matches a portion of an employee’s contributions. This matching contribution is 100% of each Named Executive Officer’s contribution up to 6% of the named Executive Officer’s salary. All matching contributions are invested in Thrift Plan investments as directed by the participant. Please refer to the narrative that follows the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation table for a more detailed description of the Salary Deferral Program. B-18 Table of Contents Grants of Plan-Based Awards—2009 The following table sets forth information regarding grants of compensatory awards to our Named Executive Officers during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009. Name Grant Date Date of Board Action Estimated Possible Payouts Under Non- Equity Incentive Plan Awards (1) Estimated Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards All Other Stock Awards: # Shares or Units All Other Option Awards: # of Securities Underlying Options (#) (2) Exercise or Base Price of Option Awards ($/sh) Grant Date Fair Value of Stock and Option Awards (3) Threshold ($) Target ($) Max. ($) Threshold (#) Target (#) Max. (#) John F. Young 2/18/09 2/18/09 500,000 1,000,000 2,000,000 Paul M. Keglevic 2/18/09 12/17/09 2/18/09 10/29/09 225,000 450,000 900,000 1,000,000 $3.50 1,325,000 David A. Campbell 2/18/09 12/17/09 2/18/09 10/29/09 225,000 450,000 900,000 1,600,000 $3.50 2,120,000 Robert C. Walters 2/18/09 12/17/09 2/18/09 10/29/09 215,625 431,250 862,500 800,000 $3.50 1,060,000 James A. Burke 2/18/09 12/17/09 2/18/09 10/29/09 225,000 450,000 900,000 690,000 $3.50 933,100 Rizwan Chand — — — — — — — — (1) The amounts disclosed under the heading “Estimated Possible Payouts under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards” reflect the threshold, target and maximum amounts available under the EAIP for each executive officer and each executive officer’s employment agreement. The actual awards for the 2009 plan year are expected to be paid in March 2010 and are reported in the Summary Compensation Table under the heading “Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation” and described above under the section entitled “Annual Performance Bonus—EAIP”. (2) Represents grants of New Time Vested Options and New Cliff Vested Options under the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, as described above under “Long-Term Incentive Awards.” (3) The amounts reported under “Grant Date Fair Value of Stock Award” represent the grant date fair value of stock options related to the 2009 Awards in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. For a discussion of the terms of the New Stock Option Awards granted to each Named Executive Officer (other than Mr. Chand) in connection with such Named Executive Officer surrendering a portion of his Original Performance Vested Options, please see “Long-Term Incentive Awards—Long-Term Equity Incentives.” For a discussion of certain material terms of the employment agreements with the Named Executive Officers, please see “Assessment of Compensation Elements” and “Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control.” B-19 Table of Contents Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End—2009 Option Awards Stock Awards # of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Name Exercisable Unexercisable Equity Incentive Plan Awards: # of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (4) Option Exercise Price Option Expiration Date # of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ( 5 ) Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested Equity Incentive Plan Awards: # of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Rights That Have Not Vested John F. Young (6) 2,250,000 2,250,000 (1) 3,000,000 5.00 02/01/2018 Paul M. Keglevic 750,000 750,000 500,000 500,000 (1) (2) (3) 500,000 5.00 3.50 3.50 12/22/2018 12/17/2019 12/17/2019 225,000 787,500 David A. Campbell 1,200,000 1,200,000 800,000 800,000 (1) (2) (3) 800,000 5.00 3.50 3.50 05/20/2018 12/17/2019 12/17/2019 Robert C. Walters 600,000 600,000 400,000 400,000 (1) (2) (3) 400,000 5.00 3.50 3.50 05/20/2018 12/17/2019 12/17/2019 James A. Burke 735,000 735,000 200,000 490,000 (1) (2) (3) 490,000 5.00 3.50 3.50 05/20/2018 12/17/2019 12/17/2019 Rizwan Chand 350,000 5.00 04/04/2010 (1) These Original Time Vested Options are scheduled to become exercisable ratably in September 2010, 2011 and 2012 provided the Named Executive Officer has remained continuously employed by EFH Corp. through the applicable vesting date (with customary exceptions for death, disability, and leaving for “good reason” or termination without “cause”). (2) These New Time Vested Options are scheduled to become exercisable ratably in September 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014 provided the Named Executive Officer has remained continuously employed by EFH Corp. through the applicable vesting date (with customary exceptions for death, disability, and leaving for “good reason” or termination without “cause”). (3) These New Cliff Vested Options are scheduled to become exercisable in September 2014 provided the Named Executive Officer has remained continuously employed by EFH Corp. through that date (with customary exceptions for death, disability, and leaving for “good reason” or termination without “cause”). (4) If we achieve certain performance targets, these Original Performance Vested Options are eligible to become exercisable as of the end of fiscal years 2010, 2011 and 2012. See “Long-Term Incentive Awards-Long-Term Equity Incentives” for a detailed description of the vesting schedule for the Original Performance Vested Options and the decision by the O&C Committee in February 2010 to approve the vesting of a portion of the Original Performance Vested Options. (5) This column reflects deferred shares described above under “Long-Term Incentive Awards-Equity Investment.” The deferred shares for Mr. Keglevic will vest and become nonforfeitable as to (i) 112,500 of the shares on the third anniversary of his employment (July 2011) and (ii) 112,500 of the shares on the fifth anniversary of his employment (July 2013). (6) In February 2010, Mr. Young surrendered 1,500,000 Original Performance Vested Options listed in the “Equity Incentive Plan Awards: # of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options” column, and in connection therewith received 1,500,000 New Time Vested options and 1,500,000 New Cliff Vested Options. B-20 Table of Contents Options Exercised and Stock Vested—2009 None of the Named Executive Officers exercised any of his vested Stock Option Awards in 2009. In addition, none of the Named Executive Officers owned any restricted or deferred shares of EFH Corp. common stock that vested in 2009. Pension Benefits—2009 The table set forth below illustrates present value on December 31, 2009 of each Named Executive Officer’s Retirement Plan benefit and benefits payable under the Supplemental Retirement Plan, based on their years of service and remuneration through December 31, 2009: Name Plan Name Number of Years Credited Service (#) PV of Accumulated Benefit ($) Payments During Last Fiscal Year ($) John F. Young Retirement Plan Supplemental Retirement Plan N/A N/A 33,313 N/A — N/A Paul M. Keglevic Retirement Plan Supplemental Retirement Plan N/A N/A 44,409 N/A — N/A David A. Campbell Retirement Plan Supplemental Retirement Plan 4.5833 7.5000 109,838 34,912 — — Robert C. Walters Retirement Plan Supplemental Retirement Plan N/A N/A 62,351 N/A — N/A James A. Burke Retirement Plan Supplemental Retirement Plan 4.1667 4.1667 99,396 29,397 — — Rizwan Chand Retirement Plan Supplemental Retirement Plan 3.3333 3.3333 34,180 41,752 — — EFH Corp. and its participating subsidiaries maintain the Retirement Plan, which is intended to be qualified under applicable provisions of the Code and covered by ERISA. The Retirement Plan contains both a traditional defined benefit component and a cash balance component. Only employees hired before January 1, 2002 may participate in the traditional defined benefit component. Accordingly, none of the Named Executive Officers participates in the traditional defined benefit component. Employees hired after January 1, 2002 and before October 1, 2007 are eligible to participate in the cash balance component. In addition, effective December 31, 2009, certain assets and liabilities under the Salary Deferral Program and the Supplemental Retirement Plan were transferred to the cash balance component of the Retirement Plan. Accordingly, Messrs. Campbell and Burke have participated and may continue to participate in the cash balance component of the Retirement Plan; and Messrs. Young, Keglevic and Walters participate in the cash balance component of the Retirement Plan solely with respect to amounts that were transferred from the Salary Deferral Program. Under the cash balance component of the Retirement Plan, hypothetical accounts are established for participants and credited with monthly contribution credits equal to a percentage of the participant’s compensation (3.5%, 4.5%, 5.5% or 6.5% depending on the participant’s combined age and years of accredited service), contribution credits equal to the amounts transferred from the Salary Deferral Program and/or the Supplemental Retirement Plan effective as of December 31, 2009 and interest credits on all of such amounts based on the average yield of the 30-year Treasury bond for the 12 months ending November 30 of the prior year. The Supplemental Retirement Plan provides for the payment of retirement benefits, which would otherwise be limited by the Code or the definition of earnings under the Retirement Plan. Under the Supplemental Retirement Plan, retirement benefits under the cash balance component are calculated in accordance with the same formula used under the Retirement Plan. Participation in EFH Corp.’s Supplemental Retirement Plan has been limited to employees of all of its businesses other than Oncor, who were employed by EFH Corp. (or its participating subsidiaries) on or before October 1, 2007. Accordingly, Messrs. Campbell and Burke participate in the Supplemental Retirement Plan, and Messrs. Young, Keglevic and Walters are not eligible to participate in the Supplemental Retirement Plan. B-21 Table of Contents Benefits accrued under the Supplemental Retirement Plan after December 31, 2004, are subject to Section 409A of the Code. Accordingly, certain provisions of the Supplemental Retirement Plan have been modified in order to comply with the requirements of Section 409A and related guidance. The present value of the accumulated benefit for the Retirement Plan (the cash balance component) was calculated as the value of their cash balance account projected to age 65 at an assumed growth rate of 4.75% and then discounted back to December 31, 2009 at 5.90%. No mortality or turnover assumptions were applied. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation—2009 (1) The following table sets forth information regarding plans that provide for the deferral of the Named Executive Officers’ compensation on a basis that is not tax-qualified for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009: Name Executive Contributions in Last FY ($) Registrant Contributions in Last FY ($) (2) Aggregate Earnings in Last FY ($) Aggregate Withdrawals/ Distributions($) (3) Aggregate Balance at Last FYE ($) (4) John F. Young 80,000 80,000 56,561 — 281,715 Paul M. Keglevic 48,000 48,000 72 — 87,703 David A. Campbell — — 48,558 195,891 Robert C. Walters 46,000 46,000 32,367 — 103,402 James A. Burke — — 86,658 — 233,262 Rizwan Chand — — 28,960 (116,068 ) — (1) The amounts reported in the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation table include deferrals and the company match under the Salary Deferral Program. The amounts reported as “Executive Contributions in Last FY” are salary deferrals and are also included as “Salary” in the Summary Compensation Table. Under EFH Corp.’s Salary Deferral Program each employee of EFH Corp. and its participating subsidiaries who is in a designated job level and whose annual salary is equal to or greater than an amount established under the Salary Deferral Program ($110,840 for the program year beginning January 1, 2009) may elect to defer up to 50% of annual base salary, and/or up to 100% of any bonus or incentive award, for a maturity period of seven years, for a maturity period ending with the retirement of such employee, or for a combination thereof. EFH Corp. makes a matching award, which vests at the end of the applicable maturity period (subject to acceleration or forfeiture under certain circumstances), equal to 100% of up to the first 8% of salary deferred under the Salary Deferral Program. Deferrals are credited with earnings or losses based on the performance of investment alternatives under the Salary Deferral Program selected by each participant. At the end of the applicable maturity period, the trustee for the Salary Deferral Program distributes the deferred compensation, any vested matching awards and the applicable earnings in cash as a lump sum or in annual installments at the participant’s election made at the time of deferral. EFH Corp. is financing the retirement option portion of the Salary Deferral Program through the purchase of corporate-owned life insurance on the lives of participants. The proceeds from such insurance are expected to allow EFH Corp. to fully recover the cost of the retirement option. Beginning in 2010, certain executive officers, including the Named Executive Officers, will not be eligible to participate in the Salary Deferral Program. (2) The amount included in “Registrant Contributions in Last FY” is attributable to EFH Corp.’s matching award under the Salary Deferral Program. (3) The “Aggregate Withdrawals/Distributions($)” column excludes amounts transferred from the Supplemental Retirement Plan and/or Salary Deferral Program to the cash balance component of the Retirement Plan as of December 31, 2009 for Messrs. Young ($37,500), Keglevic ($48,511), Walters ($71,283) and Burke ($25,000). In accordance with the terms of the Salary Deferral Plan, Mr. Chand forfeited $39,606 of company matching and received a distribution of the remaining balance of his account upon termination of his employment. (4) A portion of the amounts reported as “Aggregate Balance at Last FYE” are also included in the Summary Compensation Table as follows: for Mr. Young, $80,000 and $66,667 of executive contributions are included as “Salary” for 2009 and 2008, respectively, and $80,000 and $66,667 of company matching contributions are included as “All Other Compensation” for 2009 and 2008, respectively; for Mr. Keglevic, $48,000 and $20,000 of executive contributions are included as “Salary” for 2009 and 2008, respectively, and $48,000 and $20,000 of company matching contributions are included as “All Other Compensation” for 2009 and 2008, respectively; for Mr. Walters, $46,000 and $30,667 of executive contributions are included as “Salary” for 2009 and 2008, respectively, and $46,000 and $30,667 of company matching contributions are included as “All Other Compensation” for 2009 and 2008, respectively; for Mr. Burke, $48,000 and $27,417 of executive contributions are included as “Salary” for 2008 and 2007, respectively, and $48,000 and $27,417 of company matching contributions are included as “All Other Compensation” for 2009 and 2008, respectively. The amounts reported as “Aggregate Balance at Last FYE” reflect decreases resulting from the amounts transferred from the Supplemental Retirement Plan and/or Salary Deferral Program to the cash balance component of the Retirement Plan as of December 31, 2009 for Messrs. Young ($37,500), Keglevic ($48,511), Walters ($71,283) and Burke ($25,000). B-22 Table of Contents Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control The tables and narrative below provide information for payments to each of the Named Executive Officers (or, as applicable, enhancements to payments or benefits) in the event of his termination, including if such termination is voluntary, for cause, as a result of death, as a result of disability, without cause or for good reason or without cause or for good reason in connection with a change in control. The information in the tables below is presented in accordance with SEC rules, assuming termination of employment as of December 31, 2009. Employment Arrangements with Contingent Payments As of December 31, 2009, each of Messrs. Young, Keglevic, Campbell, Walters and Burke had employment agreements with change in control and severance provisions as described in the following tables. In addition, in October 2009, the O&C Committee approved several changes to the compensation arrangements for all of the Named Executive Officers other than Messrs. Young and Chand, which changes were effective as of December 31, 2009 but not yet documented in such Named Executive Officers’ employment agreements. Certain of these changes affected the potential payments of Messrs. Keglevic, Campbell, Walters and Burke and are reflected in the following tables. In February, 2010, Mr. Young’s employment agreement was amended and restated effective retroactively on January 1, 2010. Because the changes to Mr. Young’s employment agreement were not effective as of December 31, 2009, they are not reflected in the following table for Mr. Young, but are described elsewhere in this Annex B. Mr. Chand had an employment agreement, and the change in control and severance terms included in the employment agreement governed until his employment with EFH Corp. terminated in October 2009. With respect to each Named Executive Officer’s employment agreement, a change in control is generally defined as (i) a transaction that results in a sale of substantially all of our assets to another person and such person having more seats on our Board than the Sponsor Group, (ii) a transaction that results in a person not in the Sponsor Group owning more than 50% of our common stock and such person having more seats on our Board than the Sponsor Group or (iii) a transaction that results in the Sponsor Group owning less than 20% of our common stock and the Sponsor Group not being able to appoint a majority of the directors to our Board. Each Named Executive Officer’s employment agreement includes customary non-compete and non-solicitation provisions that generally restrict the Named Executive Officer’s ability to compete with us or solicit our customers or employees for his own personal benefit during the term of the employment agreement and 24 months (with respect to Mr. Young) or 18 months (with respect to Messrs. Keglevic, Campbell, Walters and Burke) after the employment agreement expires or is terminated. In addition, in October 2009, the O&C Committee approved the adoption of a new LTI to be included by amendment in the employment agreement of Messrs. Keglevic, Campbell, Walters and Burke. Under the terms of the LTI, in the event of the death or disability of any such Named Executive Officer, his termination without cause or resignation for good reason (or in the event we elect not to extend his employment term), or his termination without cause or resignation for good reason (or in the event we elect not to extend his employment term) within 24 months following a change in control of EFH Corp., in each case prior to September 30, 2012, such Named Executive Officer shall be entitled to receive the LTI, or a pro rata portion thereof, calculated as (i) 75% of the aggregate EAIP award actually earned by the Named Executive Officer for any applicable fiscal year completed prior to the date of the Named Executive Officer’s termination, plus (ii) for a termination occurring in fiscal year 2009, 2010, or 2011, 75% of the Named Executive Officer’s prorated annual performance-based cash bonus for the year of termination. In February 2010, Mr. Young’s employment agreement was amended to add a similar new LTI that is calculated based on 100% of the aggregate EAIP award actually earned by Mr. Young for fiscal years 2009, 2010 and 2011. B-23 Table of Contents As of December 31, 2009, each of Messrs. Young, Keglevic, Campbell, Walters and Burke had stock option agreements. Under the stock option agreement for each Named Executive Officer, in the event of such Named Executive Officer’s termination without cause or resignation for good reason (or in the event we elect not to extend his employment term) following a change in control of EFH Corp., such Named Executive Officer’s Original Time Vested Options would become immediately exercisable as to 100% of the shares of EFH Corp. common stock subject to such options immediately prior to the change in control. As of December 31, 2009, the fair market value of the shares of EFH Corp. common stock underlying each Named Executive Officer’s Original Time Vested Options was less than the exercise price of such options. 1. Mr. Young Potential Payments to Mr. Young upon Termination as of December 31, 2009 (per employment agreement, restricted stock agreement and stock option agreement, each in effect as of December 31, 2009) Benefit Voluntary For Cause Death Disability Without Cause Or For Good Reason Without Cause Or For Good Reason In Connection With Change in Control Cash Severance N/A N/A N/A N/A $5,000,000 $5,000,000 EAIP N/A N/A $1,000,000 $1,000,000 N/A $1,000,000 Payment of Common Stock in respect of Restricted Stock Units N/A $1,950,000 $1,950,000 $1,950,000 $1,950,000 $1,950,000 Acceleration of Stock Option Awards N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A $0 Deferred Compensation — Salary Deferral Program N/A N/A $159,608 $159,608 N/A $159,608 Health & Welfare — Medical/COBRA N/A N/A N/A N/A $33,273 $33,273 — Dental/COBRA N/A N/A N/A N/A $2,790 $2,790 Totals N/A $1,950,000 $3,109,608 $3,109,608 $6,986,063 $8,145,671 Mr. Young has entered into an employment agreement that provides for certain payments and benefits upon the expiration or termination of the agreement under the following circumstances: 1. In the event of Mr. Young’s death or disability: a. a prorated annual incentive bonus for the year of termination, and b. payment of employee benefits, including stock compensation, if any, to which Mr. Young may be entitled. 2. In the event of Mr. Young’s termination without cause or resignation for good reason (or in the event we elect not to extend his employment term): a. a lump sum payment equal to two and one-half times the sum of (i) his annualized base salary and (ii) a prorated annual incentive bonus for the year of termination; b. payment of employee benefits, including stock compensation, if any, to which Mr. Young may be entitled, and c. certain continuing health care and company benefits. 3. In the event of Mr. Young’s termination without cause or resignation for good reason (or in the event we elect not to extend his employment term) within 24 months following a change in control of EFH Corp.: a. a lump sum payment equal to two and one-half times the sum of (i) his annualized base salary and (ii) his annual bonus target; b. a prorated annual incentive bonus for the year of termination; c. payment of employee benefits, including stock compensation, if any, to which Mr. Young may be entitled; d. certain continuing health care and company benefits, and e. a tax gross-up payment to offset any excise tax which may result from the change in control payments. B-24 Table of Contents In addition, Mr. Young has entered into a restricted stock agreement. Under Mr. Young’s restricted stock agreement, Mr. Young was granted 600,000 restricted stock units, payable in January 2010, with one share of common stock of EFH Corp. for each such unit, all of which were fully vested and nonforfeitable upon grant; provided, however, in the event of Mr. Young’s voluntary termination prior to January 2010, Mr. Young would have had to forfeit all of his restricted stock units. 2. Mr. Keglevic Potential Payments to Mr. Keglevic upon Termination as of December 31, 2009 (per employment agreement, deferred share agreement and stock option agreement, each in effect as of December 31, 2009, and revisions to such employment agreement that were adopted by the O&C Committee in October 2009 and effective as of December 31, 2009) Benefit Voluntary For Cause Death Disability Without Cause Or For Good Reason Without Cause Or For Good Reason In Connection With Change in Control Cash Severance N/A N/A N/A N/A $ 2,100,000 $ 2,100,000 EAIP N/A N/A $ 450,000 $ 450,000 N/A N/A Put Right in respect of Deferred Shares N/A N/A $ 3,200,000 $ 3,200,000 $ 3,200,000 $ 3,200,000 Acceleration of Stock Option Awards N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A $ 0 LTI Cash Retention Award N/A N/A $ 498,150 $ 498,150 $ 498,150 $ 498,150 Deferred Compensation —Salary Deferral Program N/A N/A $ 68,107 $ 68,107 N/A $ 68,107 Health & Welfare —Dental/COBRA N/A N/A N/A N/A $ 2,790 $ 2,790 Totals N/A N/A $ 4,216,257 $ 4,216,257 $ 5,800,940 $ 5,869,047 Mr. Keglevic entered into an employment agreement that provides for certain payments and benefits upon the expiration or termination of the agreement under the following circumstances: 1. In the event of Mr. Keglevic’s death or disability: a. a prorated annual incentive bonus for the year of termination, and b. payment of employee benefits, including stock compensation, if any, to which Mr. Keglevic may be entitled. 2. In the event of Mr. Keglevic’s termination without cause or resignation for good reason (or in the event we elect not to extend his employment term): a. for a termination occurring on or prior to the second anniversary of the effective date of the agreement, a lump sum payment equal to two times the sum of (i) his annualized base salary and (ii) his annual bonus target, and for a termination occurring after the second anniversary of the effective date of the agreement, a lump sum payment equal to (i) two times his annualized base salary, (ii) a prorated annual incentive bonus for the year of termination and (iii) the matching contributions which would have been made on his behalf to EFH Corp.’s Salary Deferral Program had Mr. Keglevic continued his participation in the plan for an additional twelve months; b. payment of employee benefits, including stock compensation, if any, to which Mr. Keglevic may be entitled, and c. certain continuing health care and company benefits. B-25 Table of Contents 3. In the event of Mr. Keglevic’s termination without cause or resignation for good reason (or in the event we elect not to extend his employment term) within 24 months following a change in control of EFH Corp.: a. a lump sum payment equal to two times the sum of (i) his annualized base salary and (ii) his annual bonus target; b. payment of employee benefits, including stock compensation, if any, to which Mr. Keglevic may be entitled; c. certain continuing health care and company benefits, and d. a tax gross-up payment to offset any excise tax which may result from the change in control payments. In addition, Mr. Keglevic has entered into a deferred share agreement. Under Mr. Keglevic’s deferred share agreement, EFH Corp. agreed to deliver to Mr. Keglevic 112,500 shares of EFH Corp. common stock on July 1, 2011 and 112,500 shares of EFH Corp. common stock on July 1, 2013; provided, however, that any shares not yet vested shall become 100% vested and become nonforfeitable in the event of Mr. Keglevic’s death or disability or as a result of his termination without cause or for good reason or without cause or for good reason in connection with a change in control. Further, in the event of Mr. Keglevic’s termination prior to July 1, 2013 as a result of death, as a result of disability, without cause or for good reason or without cause or for good reason in connection with a change in control, Mr. Keglevic shall have the right (but not the obligation) to sell to EFH Corp. all (but not less than all) of the shares of EFH Corp. common stock delivered pursuant to the deferred share agreement for a purchase price of $3,200,000. 3. Mr. Campbell Potential Payments to Mr. Campbell upon Termination as of December 31, 2009 (per employment agreement, deferred share agreement and stock option agreement, each in effect as of December 31, 2009, and revisions to such employment agreement that were adopted by the O&C Committee in October 2009 and effective as of December 31, 2009) Benefit Voluntary For Cause Death Disability Without Cause Or For Good Reason Without Cause Or For Good Reason In Connection With Change in Control Cash Severance N/A N/A N/A N/A $ 2,100,000 $ 2,100,000 EAIP N/A N/A $ 450,000 $ 450,000 N/A N/A Payment of EFH Corp. Common Stock in respect of Vested Deferred Shares $ 1,625,000 $ 1,625,000 $ 1,625,000 $ 1,625,000 $ 1,625,000 $ 1,625,000 Acceleration of Stock Option Awards N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A $ 0 LTI Cash Retention Award N/A N/A $ 481,950 $ 481,950 $ 481,950 $ 481,950 Retirement Benefits —Supplemental Retirement Plan $ 43,511 $ 43,511 $ 45,205 $ 271,531 $ 43,511 $ 43,511 Deferred Compensation —Salary Deferral Program (1) $ 77,146 $ 77,146 $ 77,146 $ 77,146 $ 77,146 $ 77,146 Health & Welfare —Medical/COBRA N/A N/A N/A N/A $ 26,719 $ 26,719 —Dental/COBRA N/A N/A N/A N/A $ 2,232 $ 2,232 Totals $ 1,745,657 $ 1,745,657 $ 2,679,301 $ 2,905,627 $ 4,356,558 $ 4,356,558 (1) Mr. Campbell is fully vested in the company matching portion of the Salary Deferral Plan. Mr. Campbell entered into an employment agreement that provides for certain payments and benefits upon the expiration or termination of the agreement under the following circumstances: 1. In the event of Mr. Campbell’s death or disability: a. a prorated annual incentive bonus for the year of termination, and b. payment of employee benefits, including stock compensation, if any, to which Mr. Campbell may be entitled. B-26 Table of Contents 2. In the event of Mr. Campbell’s termination without cause or resignation for good reason (or in the event we elect not to extend his employment term): a. for a termination occurring on or prior to the second anniversary of the effective date of the agreement, a lump sum payment equal to two times the sum of (i) his annualized base salary and (ii) his annual bonus target, and for a termination occurring after the second anniversary of the effective date of the agreement, a lump sum payment equal to (i) two times his annualized base salary, (ii) a prorated annual incentive bonus for the year of termination and (iii) the matching contributions which would have been made on his behalf to EFH Corp.’s Salary Deferral Program had Mr. Campbell continued his participation in the plan for an additional twelve months; b. payment of employee benefits, including stock compensations, if any, to which Mr. Campbell may be entitled, and c. certain continuing health care and company benefits. 3. In the event of Mr. Campbell’s termination without cause or resignation for good reason (or in the event we elect not to extend his employment term) within 24 months following a change in control of EFH Corp.: a. a lump sum payment equal to two times the sum of (i) his annualized base salary and (ii) his annual bonus target; b. payment of employee benefits, including stock compensation, if any, to which Mr. Campbell may be entitled; c. certain continuing health care and company benefits, and d. a tax gross-up payment to offset any excise tax which may result from the change in control payments. In addition, Mr. Campbell has entered into a deferred share agreement. Under Mr. Campbell’s deferred share agreement, EFH Corp. agreed to deliver to Mr. Campbell 500,000 shares of EFH Corp. common stock in the event of Mr. Campbell’s termination for any reason. 4. Mr. Walters Potential Payments to Mr. Walters upon Termination as of December 31, 2009 (per employment agreement and stock option agreement, each in effect as of December 31, 2009, and revisions to such employment agreement that were adopted by the O&C Committee in October 2009 and effective as of December 31, 2009) Benefit Voluntary For Cause Death Disability Without Cause Or For Good Reason Without Cause Or For Good Reason In Connection With Change in Control Cash Severance N/A N/A N/A N/A $ 2,012,500 $ 2,012,500 EAIP N/A N/A $ 431,250 $ 431,250 N/A N/A Acceleration of Stock Option Awards N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A $ 0 LTI Cash Retention Award N/A N/A $ 457,500 $ 457,500 $ 457,500 $ 457,500 Lump Sum Payment N/A N/A $ 2,000,000 $ 2,000,000 $ 2,000,000 $ 2,000,000 Deferred Compensation —Salary Deferral Program N/A N/A $ 87,343 $ 87,343 N/A $ 87,343 Health & Welfare —Medical/COBRA N/A N/A N/A N/A $ 26,618 $ 26,618 —Dental/COBRA N/A N/A N/A N/A $ 2,232 $ 2,232 Totals N/A N/A $ 2,976,093 $ 2,976,093 $ 4,498,850 $ 4,586,193 B-27 Table of Contents Mr. Walters entered into an employment agreement that provides for certain payments and benefits upon the expiration or termination of the agreement under the following circumstances: 1. In the event of Mr. Walters’ death or disability: a. a prorated annual incentive bonus for the year of termination; b. a lump sum payment equal to $2,000,000, and c. payment of employee benefits, including stock compensation, if any, to which Mr. Walters may be entitled. 2. In the event of Mr. Walters’ termination without cause or resignation for good reason (or in the event we elect not to extend his employment term): a. for a termination occurring on or prior to the second anniversary of the effective date of the agreement, a lump sum payment equal to two times the sum of (i) his annualized base salary and (ii) his annual bonus target, and for a termination occurring after the second anniversary of the effective date of the agreement, a lump sum payment equal to (i) two times his annualized base salary, (ii) a prorated annual incentive bonus for the year of termination and (iii) the matching contributions which would have been made on his behalf to EFH Corp.’s Salary Deferral Program had Mr. Walters continued his participation in the plan for an additional twelve months; b. a lump sum payment equal to $2,000,000; c. payment of employee benefits, including stock compensation, if any, to which Mr. Walters may be entitled, and d. certain continuing health care and company benefits. 3. In the event of Mr. Walters’ termination without cause or resignation for good reason (or in the event we elect not to extend his employment term) within 24 months following a change in control of EFH Corp.: a. a lump sum payment equal to two times the sum of (i) his annualized base salary and (ii) his annual bonus target; b. a lump sum payment equal to $2,000,000; c. payment of employee benefits, including stock compensation, if any, to which Mr. Walters may be entitled; d. certain continuing health care and company benefits, and e. a tax gross-up payment to offset any excise tax which may result from the change in control payments. 5. Mr. Burke Potential Payments to Mr. Burke upon Termination as of December 31, 2009 (per employment agreement and stock option agreement, each in effect as of December 31, 2009, and revisions to such employment agreement that were adopted by the O&C Committee in October 2009 and effective as of December 31, 2009) Benefit Voluntary For Cause Death Disability Without Cause Or For Good Reason Without Cause Or For Good Reason In Connection With Change in Control Cash Severance N/A N/A N/A N/A $ 1,200,000 $ 2,100,000 EAIP N/A N/A $ 450,000 $ 450,000 $ 450,000 N/A Acceleration of Stock Option Awards N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A $ 0 LTI Cash Retention Award N/A N/A $ 642,600 $ 642,600 $ 642,600 $ 642,600 Retirement Benefits —Supplemental Retirement Plan $ 35,747 $ 35,747 $ 38,099 $ 255,572 $ 35,747 $ 35,747 Deferred Compensation —Salary Deferral Program $ 66,775 $ 66,775 $ 128,976 $ 128,976 $ 66,775 $ 128,976 Health & Welfare —Medical/COBRA N/A N/A N/A N/A $ 26,618 $ 26,618 —Dental/COBRA N/A N/A N/A N/A $ 2,232 $ 2,232 Totals $ 102,522 $ 102,522 $ 1,259,675 $ 1,477,148 $ 2,423,972 $ 2,936,173 B-28 Table of Contents Mr. Burke entered into an employment agreement that provides for certain payments and benefits upon the expiration or termination of the agreement under the following circumstances: 1. In the event of Mr. Burke’s death or disability: a. a prorated annual incentive bonus for the year of termination, and b. payment of employee benefits, including stock compensation, if any, to which Mr. Burke may be entitled. 2. In the event of Mr. Burke’s termination without cause or resignation for good reason (or in the event we elect not to extend his employment term): a. a lump sum payment equal to (i) two times his annualized base salary, (ii) a prorated annual incentive bonus for the year of termination and (iii) the matching contributions which would have been made on his behalf to EFH Corp.’s Salary Deferral Program had Mr. Burke continued his participation in the plan for an additional twelve months; b. payment of employee benefits, including stock compensation, if any, to which Mr. Burke may be entitled, and c. certain continuing health care and company benefits. 3. In the event of Mr. Burke’s termination without cause or resignation for good reason (or in the event we elect not to extend his employment term) within 24 months following a change in control of EFH Corp.: a. a lump sum payment equal to two times the sum of (i) his annualized base salary and (ii) his annual bonus target; b. payment of employee benefits, including stock compensation, if any, to which Mr. Burke may be entitled; c. certain continuing health care and company benefits and d. a tax gross-up payment to offset any excise tax which may result from the change in control payments. 6. Mr. Chand Mr. Chand’s employment with EFH Corp. terminated in October 2009. Under the terms of his Severance Agreement, EFH Corp. provided Mr. Chand a severance payment which consisted of a lump sum cash payment of (i) $1,485,000, representing the cash severance that was due under his employment agreement and (ii) $600,000 related to his deferred share agreement. Excise Tax Gross-Ups Pursuant to their employment agreements, if any of our Named Executive Officers would be subject to the imposition of the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, related to the executive’s employment, but the imposition of such tax could be avoided by approval of our shareholders as described in Section 280G(b)(5)(B) of the Code, then such executive may cause EFH Corp. to seek such approval, in which case EFH Corp. will use its reasonable best efforts to cause such approval to be obtained and such executive will cooperate and execute such waivers as may be necessary so that such approval avoids imposition of any excise tax under Section 4999. If such executive fails to cause EFH Corp. to seek such approval or fails to cooperate and execute the waivers necessary in the approval process, such executive shall not be entitled to any gross-up payment for any resulting tax under Section 4999. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation There are no relationships among our executive officers, members of the O&C Committee or entities whose executives served on the O&C Committee that required disclosure under applicable SEC rules and regulations. For a description of related person transactions involving members of the O&C Committee, see below. B-29 Table of Contents Limited Partnership Agreement of Texas Energy Future Holdings Limited Partnership; Limited Liability Company Agreement of Texas Energy Future Capital Holdings LLC The Sponsor Group and certain investors who agreed to co-invest with the Sponsor Group or through a vehicle jointly controlled by the Sponsor Group to provide equity financing for the Merger (the “Co-Investors”) entered into (i) a limited partnership agreement (the “LP Agreement”) in respect of EFH Corp.’s parent company, Texas Holdings and (ii) the LLC Agreement in respect of Texas Holdings’ sole general partner, Texas Capital. The LP Agreement provides that Texas Capital has the right to vote or execute consents with respect to any shares of EFH Corp.’s common stock owned by Texas Holdings. The LLC Agreement and LP Agreement contain agreements among the parties with respect to the election of EFH Corp.’s directors, restrictions on the issuance or transfer of interests in EFH Corp., including tag-along rights and drag-along rights, and other corporate governance provisions (including the right to approve various corporate actions). The LLC Agreement provides that Texas Capital and its members will take all action required to ensure that the managers of Texas Capital are also members of EFH Corp.’s Board. Pursuant to the LLC Agreement each of (i) KKR 2006 Fund L.P. and affiliated investment funds, (ii) TPG Partners V, L.P. and affiliated investment funds and (iii) certain funds affiliated with Goldman Sachs, has the right to designate three managers of Texas Capital. These rights are subject to maintenance of certain investment levels in Texas Holdings. Registration Rights Agreement The Sponsor Group and the Co-Investors entered into a registration rights agreement with EFH Corp. upon completion of the Merger. Pursuant to this agreement, in certain circumstances, the Sponsor Group can cause EFH Corp. to register shares of EFH Corp.’s common stock owned directly or indirectly by them under the Securities Act. In certain circumstances, the Sponsor Group and the Co-Investors are also entitled to participate on a pro rata basis in any registration of EFH Corp.’s common stock under the Securities Act that it may undertake. In 2008 and 2009, Ms. Acosta and Mr. Evans, each of whom is a member of the O&C Committee, and certain executive officers of EFH Corp. became parties to this agreement. Management Services Agreement In October 2007, in connection with the Merger, the Sponsor Group and Lehman Brothers Inc. entered into a management agreement with EFH Corp. (the “Management Agreement”), pursuant to which affiliates of the Sponsor Group provide management, consulting, financial and other advisory services to EFH Corp. Pursuant to the Management Agreement, affiliates of the Sponsor Group are entitled to receive an aggregate annual management fee of $35 million, which amount increases 2% annually, and reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the provision of services pursuant to the Management Agreement. The Management Agreement will continue in effect from year to year, unless terminated upon a change of control of EFH Corp. or in connection with an initial public offering of EFH Corp. or if the parties thereto mutually agree to terminate the Management Agreement. Pursuant to the Management Agreement, affiliates of the Sponsor Group and Lehman Brothers Inc. were paid transaction fees of $300 million for certain services provided in connection with the Merger and related transactions. In addition, the Management Agreement provides that the Sponsor Group will be entitled to receive a fee equal to a percentage of the gross transaction value in connection with certain subsequent financing, acquisition, disposition, merger combination and change of control transactions, as well as a termination fee based on the net present value of future payment obligations under the Management Agreement in the event of an initial public offering or under certain other circumstances. Under terms of the Management Agreement, EFH Corp. paid $8, $37 and $37 million, inclusive of expenses, to the Sponsor Group during 2007, 2008 and 2009, respectively. Indemnification Agreement Concurrently with entering into the Management Agreement, the Sponsor Group, Texas Holdings and EFH Corp. entered into an indemnification agreement (the “Indemnification Agreement”), pursuant to which EFH Corp. and Texas Holdings agree to indemnify the Sponsor Group and their affiliates against any claims relating to (i) certain securities and financing transactions relating to the Merger, (ii) the performance of transaction services pursuant to the Management Agreement, (iii) actions or failures to act by EFH Corp., Texas Holdings, Texas Capital or their subsidiaries or affiliates (collectively, the “Company Group”), (iv) service as an officer or director of, or at the request of, any member of the Company Group, and (v) any breach or alleged breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer of any member of the Company Group. B-30 Table of Contents Sale Participation Agreement Ms. Acosta and Mr. Evans, each of whom is a member of the O&C Committee, and each of EFH Corp.’s executive officers have entered into sale participation agreements with EFH Corp. Pursuant to the terms of these agreements, among other things, shares of EFH Corp.’s common stock held by these individuals are subject to tag-along and drag-along rights in the event of a sale by the Sponsor Group of shares of EFH Corp.’s common stock held by the Sponsor Group. Certain Charter Provisions EFH Corp.’s restated certificate of formation contains provisions limiting directors’ obligations in respect of corporate opportunities. Director Stockholders’ Agreement Certain members of our Board have entered into a stockholders’ agreement with EFH Corp. These stockholders’ agreements create certain rights and restrictions on the equity, including transfer restrictions and tag-along, drag-along, put, call and registration rights in certain circumstances. Transactions with Sponsor Affiliates TCEH has entered into the TCEH Senior Secured Facilities, and Oncor has entered into a revolving credit facility, each with syndicates of financial institutions and other lenders. These syndicates included affiliates of GS Capital Partners. These transactions were approved by the Board. Affiliates of the Sponsor Group participated in the debt exchange offers completed in November 2009 by EFH Corp., EFIH and EFIH Finance to exchange new senior secured notes for certain EFH Corp. and TCEH notes. Goldman, Sachs & Co. and KKR Capital Markets LLC were paid customary fees in the amounts of $750,000 and $260,000, respectively, as compensation for their services as dealer managers in the debt exchange offers and TPG Capital, L.P. received a fee in the amount of $260,000 as compensation for the advisory services it rendered in connection with the debt exchange offers. Also, Goldman, Sachs & Co. acted as an initial purchaser in EFH Corp.’s issuance of $500 million principal amount of senior secured notes completed in January 2010. Affiliates of GS Capital Partners have from time to time engaged in commercial and investment banking and financial advisory transactions with EFH Corp. in the normal course of business. Affiliates of Goldman Sachs & Co. are party to certain commodity and interest rate hedging transactions with EFH Corp. in the normal course of business. From time to time affiliates of the Sponsor Group may acquire debt or debt securities issued by EFH Corp. or its subsidiaries in open market transactions or through loan syndications. Members of the Sponsor Group and/or their respective affiliates have from time to time entered into, and may continue to enter into, arrangements with us to use our products and services in the ordinary course of their business, which often result in revenues to us in excess of $120,000 annually. In addition, we have entered into, and may continue to enter into, arrangements with members of the Sponsor Group and/or their respective affiliates to use their products and services in the ordinary course of their business, which often result in revenues to members of the Sponsor Group or their respective affiliates in excess of $120,000 annually. B-31 Table of Contents DIRECTOR COMPENSATION EFIH did not pay any compensation to the members of its current and former board of managers during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009. EFIH Finance has not paid any compensation to the members of its current and former board of directors since inception. EFIH and EFIH Finance reimburse some managers and directors for certain reasonable expenses incurred in connection with their services as managers or directors, as the case may be. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS All of EFIH’s equity interests are owned by EFH Corp. All of EFIH Finance’s equity interests are owned by EFIH. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Policies and Procedures Relating to Related Party Transactions The Board has adopted a policy governing EFH Corp. and its subsidiaries, including EFIH and EFIH Finance, regarding related person transactions. Under this policy, a related person transaction shall be consummated or shall continue only if: 1. the Audit Committee of the Board approves or ratifies such transaction in accordance with the policy and if the transaction is on terms comparable to those that could be obtained in arm’s length dealings with an unrelated third party; 2. the transaction is approved by the disinterested members of the Board or the Executive Committee of the Board; or 3. the transaction involves compensation approved by the Organization and Compensation Committee of the Board. For purposes of this policy, the term “related person” includes EFH Corp.’s directors, executive officers, 5% shareholders and their immediate family members. “Immediate family members” means any child, stepchild, parent, stepparent, spouse, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law or sister-in-law or any person (other than a tenant or employee) sharing the household of a director, executive officer or 5% shareholder. A “related person transaction” is a transaction between EFH Corp. or its subsidiaries, including EFIH and EFIH Finance, and a related person, other than the types of transactions described below, which are deemed to be pre-approved by the Audit Committee of the Board: 1. any compensation paid to a director if the compensation is required to be reported under Item 402 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 2. any transaction with another company at which a related person’s only relationship is as an employee (other than an executive officer), director or beneficial owner of less than 10% of that company’s ownership interests; 3. any charitable contribution, grant or endowment by EFH Corp. to a charitable organization, foundation or university at which a related person’s only relationship is as an employee (other than an executive officer) or director; 4. transactions where the related person’s interest arises solely from the ownership of EFH Corp.’s equity securities and all holders of that class of equity securities received the same benefit on a pro rata basis; 5. transactions involving a related party where the rates or charges involved are determined by competitive bids; 6. any transaction with a related party involving the rendering of services as a common or contract carrier, or public utility, as rates or charges fixed in conformity with law or governmental authority; 7. any transaction with a related party involving services as a bank depositary of funds, transfer agent, registrar, trustee under a trust indenture, or similar service; B-32 Table of Contents 8. transactions available to all employees or customers generally (unless required to be disclosed under Item 404 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, if applicable); 9. transactions involving less than $100,000 when aggregated with all similar transactions; 10. transactions between EFH Corp. and its subsidiaries or between subsidiaries of EFH Corp.; 11. transactions not required to be disclosed under Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and 12. open market purchases of the EFH Corp. or its subsidiaries’ debt or equity securities and interest payments on such debt. The Board has determined that it is appropriate for the Audit Committee of the Board to review and approve or ratify related person transactions. Accordingly, at least annually, management reviews related person transactions to be entered into by EFH Corp. or its subsidiaries, if any. After review, the Audit Committee of the Board approves/ratifies or disapproves such transactions. Management updates the Audit Committee of the Board as to any material changes to such related person transactions. In unusual circumstances, EFH Corp. or its subsidiaries may enter into related person transactions in advance of receiving approval, provided that such related person transactions are reviewed and ratified as soon as reasonably practicable by the Audit Committee of the Board. If the Audit Committee of the Board determines not to ratify such transactions, EFH Corp. shall make all reasonable efforts to cancel or otherwise terminate such transactions. Transactions described below under “Related Person Transactions—Transactions with Sponsor Affiliates” are not related person transactions under the EFH Corp. policy because they are not with a director, executive officer, 5% shareholder or any of their immediate family members, but are described in the interest of greater disclosure. Related Person Transactions Transactions with Sponsor Affiliates Affiliates of the Sponsor Group participated in the debt exchange offers completed in November 2009 by EFH Corp., EFIH and EFIH Finance to exchange new senior secured notes for certain EFH Corp. and TCEH notes. Goldman, Sachs & Co. and KKR Capital Markets LLC were paid fees in the amounts of $750,000 and $260,000, respectively, as compensation for their services as dealer managers in the debt exchange offers and TPG Capital, L.P. received a fee in the amount of $260,000 as compensation for the advisory services it rendered in connection with the debt exchange offers. From time to time affiliates of the Sponsor Group may acquire debt or debt securities issued by EFIH and/or EFIH Finance in open market transactions or through loan syndications. Director Independence Because of their relationships with the Sponsor Group or with EFH Corp. directly, none of the managers on the EFIH Board or the directors on the EFIH Finance Board would be considered independent. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION Neither EFIH nor EFIH Finance has a compensation committee or other board committee performing equivalent function. As described above, all compensation matters for EFIH and EFIH Finance, including compensation philosophy, are administered by EFH Corp. For a description of the compensation committee interlocks and insider participation of the O&C Committee of EFH Corp., please see the disclosure set forth under “Executive Compensation—Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation” above. B-33 Table of Contents ENERGY FUTURE INTERMEDIATE HOLDING COMPANY LLC EFIH FINANCE INC. 9.75% Senior Secured Notes due 2019 PROSPECTUS Table of Contents PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. The agreement relating to the securities of the registrants being registered hereby provides that the Issuer will bear all expenses in connection with the performance of its obligations relating to the market-making activities of the Market Maker and its affiliates. These expenses include printer expenses and legal and accounting fees in an approximate aggregate amount of $50,000. Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers. Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC is a limited liability company formed under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (the “DLLCA”). DLLCA Section 18-108 of the DLLCA empowers a Delaware limited liability company to indemnify and hold harmless any member or manager of the limited liability company from and against any and all claims and demands whatsoever. Limited Liability Company Agreement of Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC Article V of the limited liability company agreement of Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC provides as follows: Section 5.1 Right to Indemnification . Subject to the limitations and conditions as provided in this Article V each person (for purposes of this Article V, the term “person” shall include only natural persons) who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is involved in any threatened, pending or completed action or other proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, arbitrative or investigative, or any appeal in such a proceeding or any inquiry or investigation that could lead to such a proceeding (hereafter a “Proceeding”), by reason of the fact that such person, or a person of whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was a Manager or officer, or while such Manager or officer is or was serving at the request of the Company as a member, director, manager, officer, partner, venturer, proprietor, trustee, employee, agent or similar functionary of another foreign or domestic corporation, limited liability company, joint venture, partnership, trust, sole proprietorship, employee benefit plan or other enterprise, shall be indemnified by the Company to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended against judgments, penalties (including excise and similar taxes and punitive damages), fines, settlements and reasonable expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees) actually incurred by such person in connection with such Proceeding and indemnification under this Article V shall continue as to a person who has ceased to serve in the capacity which initially entitled such person to indemnity hereunder. It is expressly acknowledged that the indemnification provided in this Article V could involve indemnification for negligence or under theories of strict liability. Section 5.2 Limitation on Indemnification . Subject to applicable law, notwithstanding any language in this Article V to the contrary, in no event shall any person be entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Article V if it is established or admitted: (a) in a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction; or (b) by such person in any affidavit, sworn statement, plea arrangement or other cooperation with any government or regulatory authority that: II-1 Table of Contents (i) the person’s acts or omissions that would otherwise be subject to indemnification under this Article V were committed in bad faith or were the result of active and deliberate dishonesty; or (ii) such person personally gained a profit to which he or she was not legally entitled with an action or omission that would otherwise be subject to indemnification pursuant to this Article V. Section 5.3 Advancement of Expenses . The right to indemnification conferred in this Article V shall include the right to be paid or reimbursed by the Company the reasonable expenses incurred by a person of the type entitled to be indemnified above who was, is or is threatened to be made a named defendant or respondent in a Proceeding in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding, without any determination as to such person’s ultimate entitlement to indemnification under, upon receipt of a written affirmation by such person of such person’s good faith belief that such person has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification under applicable law and this Article V and a written undertaking by or on behalf of such person to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company under this Article V or if such indemnification is prohibited by applicable law. Section 5.4 Indemnification of Employees and Agents . The Company by adoption of a resolution by the Board of Managers, may indemnify and advance expenses to an employee or agent of the Company to the same extent and subject to the same conditions under which it may indemnify and advance expenses to any Manager or officer under this Article V; and the Company, by adoption of a resolution by the Board of Managers, may indemnify and advance expenses to any person who is or was not a Manager, officer, employee or agent of the Company but who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a member, manager, director, officer, partner, venturer, proprietor, trustee, employee, agent or similar functionary of another foreign or domestic limited liability company, partnership, corporation, partnership, joint venture, sole proprietorship, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in such a capacity or arising out of such person’s status as such to the same extent and subject to the same conditions that the Company may indemnify and pay any advance expenses to any Manager or officer under this Article V. Section 5.5 Appearance as a Witness . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article V, the Company may pay or reimburse expenses incurred by a Manager, officer, employee, agent or other person in connection with his or her appearance as a witness or other participation in a Proceeding at a time when he or she is not a named defendant or respondent in the Proceeding. Section 5.6 Non-exclusivity of Rights . The indemnification and advancement and payment of expenses provided by this Article V shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which a Manager, officer or other person indemnified pursuant to this Article V may have or hereafter acquire under any law (common or statutory), provision of this Agreement, any agreement or otherwise. Section 5.7 Contract Rights . The rights granted pursuant to this Article V shall be deemed to be contract rights, and no amendment, modification or repeal of this Article V shall have the effect of limiting or denying any such rights with respect to actions taken or Proceedings arising prior to any such amendment, modification or repeal. Section 5.8 Insurance . The Company may purchase and maintain insurance or another arrangement, at its expense, on behalf of itself or any person who is or was serving as a Manager, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a member, manager, director, officer, partner, venturer, proprietor, trustee, employee, agent or similar functionary of another foreign or domestic limited liability company, partnership, corporation, joint venture, sole proprietorship, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise, against any liability, expense or loss, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability, expense or loss under the provisions of this Article V. Section 5.9 Savings Clause . If this Article V or any portion of this Agreement shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the Company shall nevertheless indemnify and hold harmless each Manager, officer or any other person indemnified pursuant to this Article V as to costs, charges and expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement with respect to any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable portion of this Article V that shall not have been invalidated and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. II-2 Table of Contents For purposes of this Article V, the terms “Company” shall include any predecessor of the Company and any constituent entity (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed by the Company in a consolidation or merger; the terms “other enterprise” shall include any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or employee benefit plan; service “at the request of the Company” shall include service as an officer, Manager, Member or employee of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such officer, Manager, Member or employee with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to be indemnifiable expenses; and action by a person with respect to an employee benefit plan which such person reasonably believes to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of such plan shall be deemed to be action not opposed to the best interests of the Company. EFIH Finance Inc. EFIH Finance Inc. is a Delaware corporation formed under the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”). DGCL Section 145 of the grants each corporation organized thereunder the power to indemnify any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of a corporation or enterprise, against expenses, including attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, other than an action by or in the right of the corporation, by reason of being or having been in any such capacity, if he acted in good faith in a manner reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. Section 145(b) of the DGCL provides that a corporation may indemnify directors and officers in an action by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor under the same conditions, except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL enables a corporation in its certificate of incorporation or an amendment thereto to eliminate or limit the personal liability of a director to the corporation or its stockholders of monetary damages for violations of the directors’ fiduciary duty of care, except (i) for any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL (providing for liability of directors for unlawful payment of dividends or unlawful stock purchases or redemptions) or (iv) for any transaction from which a director derived an improper personal benefit. Certificate of Incorporation of EFIH Finance Inc. The tenth article of the certificate of incorporation of EFIH Finance Inc. provides as follows: TENTH. A director of the corporation shall not be personally liable to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director except for liability (i) for any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the DGCL, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived any improper personal benefit. II-3 Table of Contents Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. On January 12, 2010, Energy Future Holdings Corp. sold $500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 10.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2020 (the “Notes”) to Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman, Sachs & Co., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., Banc of America Securities LLC and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated (collectively, the “initial purchasers”) in a private offering conducted in accordance with the exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 afforded by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. The initial purchasers’ discounts for the offering of the Notes were approximately $11,250,000. The Notes are guaranteed by Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC and Energy Future Competitive Holdings Company. On March 16, 2010, Energy Future Holdings Corp. issued $34,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Notes to an existing holder (the “Holder”) of Energy Future Holdings Corp.’s 11.250%/12.000% Senior Toggle Notes due 2017 (the “EFH Toggle Notes”) and Texas Competitive Electric Holdings Company LLC’s (“TCEH”) and TCEH Finance, Inc.’s 10.50%/11.25% Senior Toggle Notes due 2016 (the “TCEH Toggle Notes”) in a private exchange conducted in accordance with the Section 4(2) exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933. In exchange for the Notes, the Holder surrendered, transferred and delivered to Energy Future Holdings Corp. $20,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the EFH Toggle Notes and $27,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the TCEH Toggle Notes. The Notes and the EFH Toggle Notes are guaranteed by Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC and Energy Future Competitive Holdings Company (“EFCH”). The TCEH Toggle Notes are guaranteed by EFCH and each of TCEH’s subsidiaries. Following the exchange transaction, the EFH Toggle Notes acquired by Energy Future Holdings Corp. were retired. Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. (a) Exhibits Exhibits Previously Filed* With File Number As Exhibit 3(i) Articles of Incorporation 3(a) 333-153529 Form S-4 (filed September 17, 2008) 3(c) — Certificate of Formation of Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC, as amended 3(b) 333-162327 Form S-4 (filed October 5, 2009) 3(d) — Certificate of Incorporation of EFIH Finance Inc. 3(ii) By-laws 3(c) 333-153529 Form S-4 (filed September 17, 2008) 3(f) — Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC 3(d) 333-162327 Form S-4 (filed October 5, 2009) 3(h) — By-Laws of EFIH Finance Inc. (4) Instruments Defining the Rights of Security Holders, Including Indentures. Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC 4(a) 1-12833 Form 8-K (filed November 20, 2009) 4.2 — Indenture, dated as of November 16, 2009, among Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC and EFIH Finance Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. II-4 Table of Contents Exhibits Previously Filed* With File Number As Exhibit 4(b) 1-12833 Form 8-K (filed November 20, 2009) 4.3 — Pledge Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2009, by Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC 4(c) 1-12833 Form 8-K (filed November 20, 2009) 4.4 — Collateral Trust Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2009, among Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A, as First Lien Trustee, the other Secured Debt named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company N.A., as Collateral Trustee Energy Future Holding Corp. 4(d) 1-12833 Form 8-K (filed October 31, 2007) 4.1 — Indenture, dated as of October 31, 2007, relating to Energy Future Holdings Corp.’s 10.875% Senior Notes due 2017 and 11.250%/12.000% Senior Toggle Notes due 2017 4(e) 1-12833 Form 10-K (2009) (filed February 19, 2010) 4(f) — Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 8, 2008, to Indenture, dated as of October 31, 2007, relating to Energy Future Holdings Corp.’s 10.875% Senior Notes due 2017 and 11.25%/12.00% Senior Toggle Notes due 2017 4(f) 1-12833 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended June 30, 2009) (filed August 4, 2009) 4(a) — Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 3, 2009, to Indenture, dated as of October 31, 2007, relating to Energy Future Holdings Corp.’s 10.875% Senior Notes due 2017 and 11.25%/12.00% Senior Toggle Notes due 2017 4(g) 1-12833 Form 8-K (filed November 20, 2009) 4.1 — Indenture dated as of November 16, 2009, among Energy Future Holdings Corp., the Guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. 4(h) 1-12833 Form 8-K (filed January 19, 2010) 4.1 — Indenture dated as of January 12, 2010, among Energy Future Holdings Corp., the guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. 4(i) 1-12833 Form 8-K (filed January 19, 2010) 4.2 — Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 12, 2010, among Energy Future Holdings Corp., the guarantors named therein and the initial purchasers named therein 4(j) — First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 16, 2010, to Indenture, dated as of January 12, 2010, relating to Energy Future Holdings Corp.’s 10.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2020 4(k) — Registration Rights Letter Agreement, dated March 16, 2010, among Energy Future Holdings Corp., the guarantors named therein and the initial purchasers named therein, relating to Energy Future Holdings Corp.’s 10.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2020 Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC 4(l) 333-100240 Form S-4 (filed October 2, 2002) 4(a) — Indenture and Deed of Trust, dated as of May 1, 2002, between Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC (formerly Oncor Electric Delivery Company, formerly known as TXU Electric Delivery Company) and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 4(m) 1-12833 Form 8-K (filed October 31, 2005) 10.1 — Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated October 25, 2005, to Indenture and Deed of Trust, dated as of May 1, 2002, between Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon II-5 Table of Contents Exhibits Previously Filed* With File Number As Exhibit 4(n) 333-100240 Form S-4 (filed October 2, 2002) 4(b) — Officer’s Certificate, dated May 6, 2002, establishing the terms of Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC’s 6.375% Senior Notes (formerly Senior Secured Notes) due 2012 and 7.000% Senior Notes (formerly Senior Secured Notes) due 2032 4(o) 333-106894 Form S-4 (filed July 9, 2003) 4(c) — Officer’s Certificate, dated December 20, 2002, establishing the terms of Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC’s 6.375% Senior Notes (formerly Senior Secured Notes) due 2015 and 7.250% Senior Notes (formerly Senior Secured Notes) due 2033 4(p) 333-100240 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended March 31, 2008) (filed May 15, 2008) 4(b) — Supplemental Indenture No. 2, dated May 15, 2008, to Indenture and Deed of Trust, dated as of May 1, 2002, between Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC and The Bank of New York. 4(q) 333-100242 Form S-4 (filed October 2, 2002) 4(a) — Indenture (for Unsecured Debt Securities), dated as of August 1, 2002, between Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 4(r) 333-100242 Form S-4 (filed October 2, 2002) 4(b) — Officer’s Certificate, dated August 30, 2002, establishing the terms of Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC’s 7.00% Debentures due 2022 4(s) 333-100240 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended March 31, 2008) (filed May 15, 2008) 4(c) — Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated May 15, 2008, to Indenture and Deed of Trust, dated as of August 1, 2002, between Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC and The Bank of New York. 4(t) 333-100242 Form 8-K (filed September 9, 2008) 4.1 — Officer’s Certificate, dated September 8, 2008, establishing the terms of Oncor’s 5.95% Senior Secured Notes due 2013, 6.80% Senior Secured Notes due 2018 and 7.50% Senior Secured Notes due 2038 4(u) 333-100240 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended March 31, 2008) (filed May 15, 2008) 4(a) — Deed of Trust, Security Agreement and Fixture Filing, dated May 15, 2008, by Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC, as Grantor, to and for the benefit of The Bank of New York, as Collateral Agent. 4(v) 333-100240 Form 10-K (2008) (filed March 2, 2009) 4(n) — First Amendment to Deed of Trust, dated as of March 2, 2009, by and between Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon (formerly The Bank of New York) as Trustee and Collateral Agent. (5) Opinion re Legality 5(a) — Opinion of Andrew M. Wright, Vice President and Associate General Counsel of EFH Corporate Services Company (10) Material Contracts. Credit Agreements II-6 Table of Contents Exhibits Previously Filed* With File Number As Exhibit 10(a) 333-100240 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended September 30, 2007) (filed November 14, 2007) 10(a) — $2,000,000,000 Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of October 10, 2007, among Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC, as the borrower, the several lenders from time-to-time parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, fronting bank and swingline lender, Citibank, N.A., as syndication agent and fronting bank, Credit Suisse, Cayman Islands Branch, Goldman Sachs Credit Partners L.P., Lehman Commercial Paper Inc., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. as co-documentation agents, J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Goldman Sachs Credit Partners L.P., Lehman Brothers Inc. and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. as joint lead arrangers and bookrunners. Other Material Contracts 10(b) 1-12833 Form 10-K (2007) (filed March 31, 2008) 10(eee) — Stipulation as approved by the PUCT in Docket No. 34077 10(c) 1-12833 Form 10-K (2007) (filed March 31, 2008) 10(fff) — Amendment to Stipulation Regarding Section 1, Paragraph 35 and Exhibit B in Docket No. 34077 10(d) 333-100240 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended September 30, 2008) (filed November 6, 2008) 3(a) — Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC, dated as of November 5, 2008 10(e) 333-100240 Form 10-K (2008) (filed March 3, 2009) 3(c) — First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC, entered into as of February 18, 2009, by and among Oncor Electric Delivery Holdings Company LLC, Texas Transmission Investment LLC and Oncor Management Investment LLC 10(f) 1-12833 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended September 30, 2008) (filed November 6, 2008) 10(g) — Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Oncor Electric Delivery Holdings Company LLC, dated as of November 5, 2008 10(g) 333-100240 Form 8-K (filed August 13, 2008) 10.1 — Contribution and Subscription Agreement, dated as of August 12, 2008, by and between Oncor and Texas Transmission Investment LLC II-7 Table of Contents Exhibits Previously Filed* With File Number As Exhibit 10(h) 333-100240 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended September 30, 2008) (filed November 6, 2008) 4(c) — Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of November 5, 2008, by and among Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC, Oncor Electric Delivery Holdings Company LLC, Texas Transmission Investment LLC and Energy Future Holdings Corp. 10(i) 333-100240 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended September 30, 2008) (filed November 6, 2008) 4(d) — Registration Rights Agreement of Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC, dated as of November 5, 2008, by and among Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC, Oncor Electric Delivery Holdings Company LLC, Texas Transmission Investment LLC and Energy Future Holdings Corp. 10(j) 333-100240 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended September 30, 2008) (filed November 6, 2008) 10(b) — Amended and Restated Tax Sharing Agreement, dated as of November 5, 2008, by and among Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC, Oncor Electric Delivery Holdings Company LLC, Oncor Management Investment LLC, Texas Transmission Investment LLC, Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC and Energy Future Holdings Corp. 10(k) 333-100240 Form 10-K (2004) (filed March 23, 2005) 10(i) — Agreement, dated as of March 10, 2005, by and between Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC and TXU Energy Company LLC allocating to Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC the pension and post-retirement benefit costs for all Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC employees who had retired or had terminated employment as vested employees prior to January 1, 2002. 10(l) 333-100240 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended June 30, 2008) (filed August 14, 2008) 10(a) — Agreement of Purchase and Sale of Network and Related Equipment, dated as of April 30, 2008, by and between CURRENT Communications of Texas, L.P., Oncor and CURRENT Group, LLC. 10(m) 333-100240 Form 10-Q (Quarter ended June 30, 2008) (filed August 14, 2008) 10(b) — First Amendment to the Agreement of Purchase and Sale of Network and Related Equipment dated as of May 8, 2008, by and between CURRENT Communications of Texas, L.P., Oncor and CURRENT Group, LLC. (12) Statement Regarding Computation of Ratios. 12(a) 1-34554 Form 10-K (2009) (filed February 25, 2010) 12(a) — Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges, and Ratio of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preference Dividends. (21) Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 21(a) — Subsidiaries of Energy Future Holding Intermediate Holding Company LLC. (23) Consents of Experts and Counsel II-8 Table of Contents Exhibits Previously Filed* With File Number As Exhibit 23(a) — Consent of Andrew M. Wright, Vice President and Associate General Counsel of EFH Corporate Services Company (included as part of the opinion filed as Exhibit 5(a) hereto) 23(b) — Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm 23(c) — Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm (24) Power of Attorney 24(a) — Powers of Attorney (included in signature pages hereto) 24(b) — New York Power of Attorney of Marc S. Lipschultz (25) Statement of Eligibility of Trustee 25(a) 333-162327 Amendment No. 2 to Form S-4 (filed November 4, 2009) 25(b) — Form T-1 Statement of Eligibility under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 of the Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. with respect to the Indenture governing Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC’s and EFIH Finance Inc.’s Senior Secured Notes due 2019 (99) Additional Exhibits. 99(a) 1-34554 Form 10-K (2009) (filed February 25, 2010) 99(a) — Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA reconciliation for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 99(b) 1-34554 Form 10-K (2009) (filed February 25, 2010) 99(b) — Energy Future Holdings Corp. Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA reconciliation for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 99(c) 333-91935 Form S-3 (filed July 1, 2003) 99(a) — Financing Order. 99(d) 333-91935 Form S-3 (filed July 1, 2003) 99(b) — Internal Revenue Service Private Letter Ruling pertaining to the transition bonds, dated May 21, 2002. 99(e) 333-91935 Form S-3 (filed July 1, 2003) 99(c) — Internal Revenue Service Private Letter Ruling pertaining to the transition bonds, dated February 18, 2000. 99(f) 1-34554 Form 10-K (2009) (filed February 25, 2010) 99(f) — Oncor Electric Delivery Holdings Company LLC financial statements presented pursuant to Item 3–16 of Regulation S–X. * Incorporated herein by reference. (b) Financial Statement Schedules None. II-9 Table of Contents Item 17. Undertakings. (a) Each of the undersigned registrants hereby undertakes: (1) to file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) to include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii) to reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; and (iii) to include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement. (2) that, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof; (3) to remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering; (4) that, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser, each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness; provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use; and (5) that, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrants under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned registrants undertake that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrants pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrants will be sellers to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrants relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; II-10 Table of Contents (ii) any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrants or used or referred to by the undersigned registrants; (iii) the portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrants or their securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrants; and (iv) any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrants to the purchaser. (b) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. II-11 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the city of Dallas, State of Texas, on April 1, 2010. ENERGY FUTURE INTERMEDIATE HOLDING COMPANY LLC By: / S / P AUL M. K EGLEVIC Name: Paul M. Keglevic Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Manager SIGNATURES AND POWERS OF ATTORNEY Each person whose signature appears below authorizes John F. Young, Paul M. Keglevic, Robert C. Walters, or any of them, as his or her attorney in fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to execute, in his name and on his behalf, in any and all capacities, a Registration Statement on Form S-1 and any amendments including post-effective amendments thereto (and any additional registration statement related thereto permitted by Rule 462(b) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933 (and all further amendments including post-effective amendments thereto)), relating to offers and sales of 9.75% Senior Secured Notes due 2019 (the “Notes”) of Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC and EFIH Finance Inc. related to market-making transactions in the Notes effected from time to time, and any amendments including post-effective amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all the exhibits thereto, and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, necessary or advisable to enable the registrant to comply with the Securities Act of 1933, and any rules, regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, in respect thereof, in connection with the registration of the Notes which are the subject of such Registration Statement, as the case may be, which amendments may make such changes in such Registration Statement, as the case may be, as such attorney may deem appropriate, and with full power and authority to perform and do any and all acts and things, whatsoever which any such attorney or substitute may deem necessary or advisable to be performed or done in connection with any or all of the above-described matters, as fully as each of the undersigned could do if personally present and acting, hereby ratifying and approving all acts of any such attorney or substitute. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date / S / J OHN F. Y OUNG John F. Young President and Chief Executive Officer and Manager April 1, 2010 / S / P AUL M. K EGLEVIC Paul M. Keglevic Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Manager April 1, 2010 / S / S TANLEY J. S ZLAUDERBACH Stanley J. Szlauderbach Senior Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) April 1, 2010 / S / J AMES R. H UFFINES James R. Huffines Manager April 1, 2010 / S / J EFFREY L IAW Jeffrey Liaw Manager April 1, 2010 / S / M ARC S. L IPSHULTZ Marc S. Lipshultz Manager April 1, 2010 II-12 Table of Contents Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the city of Dallas, State of Texas, on April 1, 2010. EFIH FINANCE INC. By: / S / P AUL M. K EGLEVIC Name: Paul M. Keglevic Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Director SIGNATURES AND POWERS OF ATTORNEY Each person whose signature appears below authorizes John F. Young, Paul M. Keglevic, Robert C. Walters, or any of them, as his or her attorney in fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to execute, in his name and on his behalf, in any and all capacities, a Registration Statement on Form S-1 and any amendments including post-effective amendments thereto (and any additional registration statement related thereto permitted by Rule 462(b) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933 (and all further amendments including post-effective amendments thereto)), relating to offers and sales of 9.75% Senior Secured Notes due 2019 (the “Notes”) of Energy Future Intermediate Holding Company LLC and EFIH Finance Inc. related to market-making transactions in the Notes effected from time to time, and any amendments including post-effective amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all the exhibits thereto, and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, necessary or advisable to enable the registrant to comply with the Securities Act of 1933, and any rules, regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, in respect thereof, in connection with the registration of the Notes which are the subject of such Registration Statement, as the case may be, which amendments may make such changes in such Registration Statement, as the case may be, as such attorney may deem appropriate, and with full power and authority to perform and do any and all acts and things, whatsoever which any such attorney or substitute may deem necessary or advisable to be performed or done in connection with any or all of the above-described matters, as fully as each of the undersigned could do if personally present and acting, hereby ratifying and approving all acts of any such attorney or substitute. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date / S / J OHN F. Y OUNG John F. Young President and Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board April 1, 2010 / S / P AUL M. K EGLEVIC Paul M. Keglevic Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Director April 1, 2010 / S / S TANLEY J. S ZLAUDERBACH Stanley J. Szlauderbach Senior Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) April 1, 2010 / S / J AMES R. H UFFINES James R. Huffines Director April 1, 2010 II-13
