ndfm_s1.htm UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT Under the Securities Act of 1933 NEW DAY FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada 8742 27-0427276 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 55 S Valle Verde Dr. #235-106 Henderson, Nevada 89012 (702) 245-5765 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) Laughlin Associates, Inc. 2533 N Carson Street Carson City, NV 89706 (775) 883-8484 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) With copies to: Randall V. Brumbaugh, Esq. 417 W. Foothill Blvd., B-175 Glendora, CA 91741 (626) 335-7750 Approximate date of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective. If any securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act check the following box. [X] If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act Registration Statement number of the earlier effective Registration Statement for the same offering. [ ] If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act Registration Statement number of the earlier effective Registration Statement for the same offering. [ ] If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act Registration Statement number of the earlier effective Registration Statement for the same offering. [ ] Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer [ ] Accelerated filer [ ] Non-accelerated filer [ ] Smaller reporting company [X] CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Tile of each class of securities to be registered Amount of Shares to be Registered Proposed maximum offering price per share Proposed maximum aggregate offering price Amount of registration fee Common Stock 950,000 (1) $0.01 (2) $9,500.00 $0.16 (1) This registration statement registers the potential resale of 950,000 shares of commons tock held by security holders of the Registrant. (2) The offering price has been estimated solely for the purpose of computing the amount of the registration fee in accordance with Rule 457(o). Our common stock is not traded on any national exchange and in accordance with Rule 457; the offering price was determined by the price shareholders were sold to our shareholders in a private placement memorandum. The selling shareholders will sell at a price of $0.01 per share until the shares are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board ® or in another quotation medium and, thereafter, at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. Prospectus NEW DAY FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, INC. 950,000 shares of common stock $0.01 per share New Day Financial Management, Inc. is registering an aggregate of 950,000 shares of its common stock that are to be sold, from time-to-time, by one or more of the Selling Stockholders and their transferees, pledges, donees or their successors (collectively referred to hereinafter as the “Selling Stockholders”). The selling shareholders will sell at a price of $0.01 per share until the shares are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board ® or in another quotation medium and, thereafter, at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. The company is not listed on any exchange, thus no market for our shares exists and there is no assurance that one will develop. To date, no effort has been made to obtain listing on the OTC Bulletin Board or any national securities exchange or association. The company has not approached any broker/dealers with regard to assisting the company to apply for such listing. The proceeds from the sale of the Selling Stockholders’ shares will go directly to the Selling Stockholders and will not be available to us. The Selling Stockholders are listed under “Selling Security Holders” on page 10. Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for our common stock. This investment involves a high degree of risk. Our independent auditors have expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern in the independent auditors’ report to the financial statements included in this prospectus. You should purchase shares only if you can afford a complete loss of your investment. See “Risk Factors” starting on page 6. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved these securities, or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Offered by the Selling Stockholders Number of Shares Offering Price Underwriting Discounts & Commissions (See "Plan of Distribution" beginning on page 12) Proceeds to the Company Per Share 1 $0.01 $0.00 $0.00 Total 950,000 $9,500.00 $0.00 $0.00 This Prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. The information in this Prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the SEC becomes effective. This Prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and we are not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted or would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state. Resale transactions may not take place due to the absence of registration or applicable exemptions. New Day Financial Management, Inc. does not plan to use this offering prospectus before the effective date. The date of this Prospectus is May 13, 2010 2 TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE PROSPECTUS SUMMARY AND RISK FACTORS 4 Use of Proceeds 10 Determination of Offering Price 10 Selling Security Holders 11 Plan of Distribution 12 Description of Securities 13 Interest of Named Experts and Counsel 15 Description of Business 15 Legal Proceedings 17 Market Price of and Dividends on the Registrant’s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 18 Financial Statements 20 Management's Discussion and Plan of Operation 35 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 37 Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons 37 Executive Compensation 39 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 39 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 40 Disclosure of Commission Position of Indemnification for Securities Act Liabilities 40 INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS 42 Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. 42 Indemnification of Directors and Officers. 42 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. 42 Exhibits 43 Undertakings 43 SIGNATURES 45 3 PROSPECTUS SUMMARY AND RISK FACTORS You should read the following summary together with the entire prospectus, including the more detailed information in our financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. You should carefully consider the matters discussed in “Risk Factors” beginning on page 6. The Company We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on February 15, 2007 as New Day Financial Management, Inc. We are a development stage company that provides small businesses with focused management and financial strategies to execute and grow their businesses. Through close interaction with clients, we analyze existing operations and processes, define strengths and weaknesses and provide the tools and strategies to increase profitability. Our management brings an aggregate of over 100 years of business acumen to share with clients. All clients, to date, have thus far been provided by our officers and sole director. In the year ended December 31, 2009, we began to generate revenues from operations in the amount of $13,500. Despite generating such revenues, we cannot guarantee that we will grow our business or that we will be able continue to realize sales. We have no long-term agreements to provide services and have no guaranteed revenue streams. Since our inception to December 31, 2009, we generated net income of $1,460 on $13,500 in total sales, while incurring $12,040 in aggregate expenses. We believe that our lack of significant operating history and uncertainty regarding our ability to generate significant revenues are material concerns. Additionally, there can be no assurance that the actual expenses incurred will not materially exceed our estimates or that cash flows from operating activities will be adequate to maintain our business. As a result, our independent auditors have expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern in the independent auditors’ report to the financial statements included in this registration statement. As of the date of this prospectus, New Day Financial Management has 2,900,000 shares of $0.001 par value common stock issued and outstanding. Our address and telephone number are: 55 S Valley Verde Drive #235-106 Henderson, Nevada 89012 Telephone (702) 245-5765 Our fiscal year end is December 31. Offering by the Selling Stockholders The offering partially consists of shares offered by the Selling Stockholders. The Selling Stockholders are offering 950,000 shares of our currently issued and outstanding common stock as soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective. The selling shareholders will sell at a price of $0.01 per share until the shares are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board ® or in another quotation medium and, thereafter, at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. To date, no effort has been made to obtain listing on the OTC Bulletin Board or any national stock exchange or association. The company has not approached any broker/dealers with reg ard to assisting the company to apply for such listing. Resale transactions may not take place due to the absence of registration or applicable exemptions. Apart from the States of California, Florida and Nevada, we have not made any determinations as to where such resale transactions may or may not occur. Resale transactions in any state except California, Florida and Nevada require proper diligence on the part of the investor. The offering price of $0.01 for the common stock being registered for hereby is what the selling shareholders had paid for their shares. 4 All proceeds from sales of shares by the Selling Stockholders will go directly to the Selling Stockholders and none will be available to New Day Financial Management, Inc. New Day Financial Management, Inc. has agreed to pay all costs and expenses relating to the registration of its common stock, but the Selling Stockholders will be responsible for any related commissions, taxes, attorney's fees and related charges in connection with the offer and sale of the shares. The Selling Stockholders may sell their common stock through one or more broker/dealers, and such broker/dealers may receive compensation in the form of commissions. Our Transfer Agent is expected to be Empire Stock Transfer, Inc., 2470 St. Rose Pkwy Suite 304, Henderson, NV 89074, Phone: (702) 818-5898. Summary Financial Information The summary financial data are derived from the historical financial statements of New Day Financial Management, Inc. This summary financial data should be read in conjunction with "Management's Discussion and Plan of Operations" as well as the historical financial statements and the related notes thereto, included elsewhere in this prospectus. Balance Sheet Data December 31, 2009 2008 ASSETS Current assets Cash $ 13,085 $ 689 Total current assets 13,085 689 Total assets $ 13,085 $ 689 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable $ - $ 250 Total current liabilities - 250 Stockholders’ equity Common stock 2,900 2,900 Additional paid-in capital 8,725 8,725 Deficit accumulated during development stage 1,460 (11,186 ) Total stockholders’ equity 13,085 439 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 13,085 $ 689 5 Statements of Operations Data For the Years Ended February 15, 2007 December 31, (Inception) 2009 2008 December 31, 2009 Revenue $ 13,500 $ - $ 13,500 Expenses: General and administrative expenses 854 8,936 12,040 Total expenses 854 8,936 12,040 Net income (loss) $ 12,646 $ (8,936 ) $ 1,460 Net income (loss) per share $ 0.00 $ (0.00 ) Risk Factors Investment in the securities offered hereby involves certain risks and is suitable only for investors of substantial financial means. Prospective investors should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information contained in this prospectus, before making an investment decision concerning the common stock. Our officers and directors have no experience related to public company management. As a result, we may be unable to manage our public reporting requirements. Our operations depend entirely on the efforts of our officers and directors. While each has expertise with which we will rely upon to grow and manage our business operations, none has experience related to public company management, nor as a principal accounting officer. Because of this, we may be unable to develop and manage our public reporting requirements. We cannot guarantee you that we will overcome any such obstacle. Investors may lose their entire investment if we fail to implement our business plan. New Day Financial Management, Inc. was formed in February 2007. Although we have begun to generate revenues during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009, we remain an early stage company without guaranteed or recurring streams of revenues. Our prospects must therefore be considered in light of the risks, uncertainties, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stages of development. These risks include, without limitation, the absence of ongoing revenue streams, management that is inexperienced in managing a public company, a competitive market environment with minimal barriers to entry and lack of brand recognition. New Day cannot guarantee that we will be successful in establishing ourselves in the consulting outsourcing industry or in accomplishing our objectives. If we fail to implement and create a base of operations for our consulting business, we may be forced to cease operations, in which case investors may lose their entire investment. If we are unable to continue as a going concern, investors may face a complete loss of their investment. As of the date of this Prospectus, we have had only limited start-up operations, have no material operating history and no source of guaranteed continuing revenues. Taking these facts into account, our independent registered public accounting firm has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern in the independent registered public accounting firm’s report to the financial statements included in the registration statement, of which this prospectus is a part. If our business fails, investors may face a complete loss of their investment. 6 We may not be able to attain profitability without additional funding, which may be unavailable. We have limited capital resources. Our operations have historically been sustained through sales of our equity securities, and, recently, from cash flows from operations. However, our position is tenuous and any increase in expenses or loss of a client could materially harm our business. Unless we begin to generate sufficient cash flows from our consulting services to finance operations as a going concern, we may experience liquidity and solvency problems. Such liquidity and solvency problems may force us to go out of business if additional financing is not available. We have no intention of liquidating. In the event our cash resources are insufficient to continue operations, we intend to raise addition capital through offerings and sales of equity or debt securities. 60; In the event we are unable to raise sufficient funds, we will be forced to go out of business and will be forced to liquidate. A possibility of such outcome presents a risk of complete loss of investment in our common stock. The consulting and outsourcing industries are highly competitive, and we are in an unfavorable competitive position. Our management believes we compete, in general, with numerous, more established companies providing outsourced consulting services. In addition, certain companies may choose to use its own resources rather than engage an outside firm for the types of services we provide. All of our competitors are significantly larger and have substantially greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources and significantly greater name recognition. In addition, many of our competitors have well-established, long-term relationships with their clients. It is possible that new competitors or alliances among competitors will emerge in the future. Our expected competitors may be able to fulfill customer requests or requirements more efficiently than we may be able to. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against present or future competitors or that competitive pressures will not force us to cease our operations. We will lose clients or be unable to attract new clients if we do not perform our services satisfactorily. We have only recently begun to generate revenues and currently have a small base of clients to whom we have provided services without ongoing contractual obligations. We will depend, in large part, upon our ability to provide an adequate level of service in order to attract continuing work and to garner recommendations or referrals from these clients. If a client is not satisfied with the quality of work performed by us or contracted parties who provide services for a specific project on our behalf, then we could incur additional costs to address the situation and the client’s dissatisfaction with our services could damage our ability to obtain additional work from that client. In addition, negative publicity related to our client services or relationships, regardless of its accuracy, may further damage our business by affecting our ability to attract prospective clients. We have no long-term or guaranteed sources of revenues. All of our clients have historically engaged us on a per-project basis and have no contractual obligation to continue to utilize our services. As a development stage company with little operating history, the loss of any client could impair our ability to continue as a going concern. We have no long-term or guaranteed contracts in place with any customers, and there can be no assurance that our customers will continue to engage our services, or that we will be able to replace revenues from such customers with revenues from other customers. New Day Financial Management, Inc. may lose its top management without employment agreements. Our operations depend substantially on the skills and experience of our officers and sole director, namely Karen Mannix, our President, Marcia Hootman, our Secretary and Treasurer, and Beverly Fremont, our sole Director. Although we plan to have non-salaried personnel work for us on a per-project basis, as necessary, we have no other full- or part-time employees besides these three individuals. Furthermore, we do not maintain key man life insurance on any of our officers or sol director. Without employment contracts, we may lose one or more of our officers and sole director to other pursuits without a sufficient warning and, consequently, go out of business. Our officers and our sole director may become involved in other business opportunities and may face a conflict in selecting between our company and their other business interests. We have not formulated a policy for the resolution of such conflicts. The loss of any or all of our officers and sole director to other pursuits without a sufficient warning we may, consequently, go out of business. 7 Failure by us to respond to changes in client demands could result in lack of sales revenues and may force us out of business. The market for our service is characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry developments and changing customer needs. Our future success will depend on our ability to enhance our current services, advertise and market our services and respond to emerging industry trends, developments and other technological changes on a timely and cost effective basis. We may not be successful in anticipating or responding to these developments on a timely basis, and our offerings may not be successful in the marketplace. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in enhancing our existing service offerings on a timely basis or that any new enhancements will achieve market acceptance. If we fail to anticipate or respond adequately to changes in technology and customer preferences t hese events could have a material adverse affect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. If we are unable to collect on our accounts receivables, our cash flows could be adversely affected. Our business depends on our ability to successfully obtain payment from our clients of the amounts they owe us for work performed. Our clients may experience periods of financial difficulty, and as a result, could cause clients to delay payments to us or default on their payment obligations to us. Timely collection of accounts receivables also depends on our ability to complete our contractual commitments and bill and collect our contracted revenues. If we are unable to meet our contractual requirements, we might experience delays in collection of and/or be unable to collect our client balances, and if this occurs, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. In addition, if we experience an increase in the time to bill and collect for our services, our cash flows cou ld be adversely affected. Our internal controls may be inadequate, which could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation being disseminated to the public. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f), internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the principal executive and principal financial officer and effected by the board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance t hat transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Our internal controls may be inadequate or ineffective, which could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation being disseminated to the public. Investors relying upon this misinformation may make an uninformed investment decision. The costs and expenses of SEC reporting and compliance may inhibit our operations. After the effectiveness of this registration statement, we will be subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The costs of complying with such requirements may be substantial. In the event we are unable to establish a base of operations that generates sufficient cash flows or cannot obtain additional equity or debt financing, the costs of maintaining our status as a reporting entity may inhibit out ability to continue our operations. You may not be able to sell your shares in our company because there is no public market for our stock. There is no public market for our common stock. In the absence of being listed on a stock exchange or trading platform, no market is available for investors in our common stock to sell their shares. We cannot guarantee that a meaningful trading market will develop. 8 If our stock ever becomes tradable, of which we cannot guarantee success, the trading price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, the stock market may experience extreme price and volume fluctuations, which, without a direct relationship to the operating performance, may affect the market price of our stock. Investors may have difficulty liquidating their investment because our stock will be subject to penny stock regulation. The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker/dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than $5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the Nasdaq system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange system). The penny stock rules require a broker/dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC that provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker/dealer also must provide the customer with bid and offer quotations f or the penny stock, the compensation of the broker/dealer, and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from such rules, the broker/dealer must make a special written determination that a penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in any secondary market for a stock that becomes subject to the penny stock rules, and accordingly, customers in Company securities may find it difficult to sell their securities, if at all. All of our issued and outstanding common shares are restricted under Rule 144 of the Securities Act, as amended. When the restriction on any or all of these shares is lifted, and the shares are sold in the open market, the price of our common stock could be adversely affected. All of the presently issued and outstanding shares of common stock, aggregating 3,100,000 shares of common stock, are “restricted securities” as defined under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act and may only be sold pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption from registration, if available. Rule 144, as amended, is an exemption that generally provides that a person who has satisfied a six month holding period for such restricted securities may sell, within any three month period (provided we are current in our reporting obligations under the Exchange Act) subject to certain manner of resale provisions, an amount of restricted securities which does not exceed the greater of 1% of a company’s outstanding common stock or the average weekly trading volume in such securities during the four calendar weeks prior to such sale. Sales of shares by our shareholders, whether pursuant to Rule 144 or otherwise, may have an immediate negative effect upon the price of our common stock in any market that might develop. Investors may be unable to sell their shares without complying with “Blue Sky” regulations. Each state has its own securities laws, also known as blue sky laws, which, in part, regulates both the offer and sale of securities. In most instances, offers or sales of a security must be registered or exempt from registration under these blue sky laws of the state or states in which the security is offered and sold. The laws and filing or notification requirements tend to vary between and among states. Sales by the selling shareholders may occur in Nevada and Ohio. Apart from the States of Nevada and Ohio, we have not made any determinations as to where such resale transactions may or may not occur. Resale transactions in any State except Nevada and Ohio require proper diligence on the part of the investor. Investors should consult an attorney or a licensed investmen t professional prior to delving into blue sky laws. Failure to comply with applicable securities regulations may lead to fines or imprisonment. Our common stock may not be transferable without meeting securities registration requirements or exemption therefrom. We have not blue skied our securities in any jurisdiction and have not identified any exemptions from registration. As a result, investors in our common stock may have difficulty selling their shares unless they are able to register their shares or find an exemption therefrom. Furthermore, broker-dealers may be unwilling or unable to act on behalf of investors in our common stock unless or until the shares are registered, or an applicable exemption from registration is identified, in certain states in which our common stock may be offered or sold. 9 Special note regarding forward-looking statements This prospectus contains forward-looking statements about our business, financial condition and prospects that reflect our management’s assumptions and beliefs based on information currently available. We can give no assurance that the expectations indicated by such forward-looking statements will be realized. If any of our assumptions should prove incorrect, or if any of the risks and uncertainties underlying such expectations should materialize, our actual results may differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements. The key factors that are not within our control and that may have a direct bearing on operating results include, but are not limited to, acceptance of our proposed services and the products we expect to market, our ability to establish a customer base, managements’ ability to raise capital in the future, the retention of key employees and changes in the regulation of our industry. There may be other risks and circumstances that management may be unable to predict. When used in this prospectus, words such as, “believes,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “estimates” and similar expressions are intended to identify and qualify forward-looking statements, although there may be certain forward-looking statements not accompanied by such expressions. Use of Proceeds All of the shares being registered in this registration statement are issued and outstanding and held by the selling shareholders. The selling security holders will receive the net proceeds from the resale of their shares. We will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of these shares, although we have agreed to pay the expenses related to the registration of such shares. Determination of Offering Price As there is no public market in the shares, New Day Financial Management used the price of $0.01 per share, which is what the selling shareholders had paid for their shares, as the benchmark offering price. The offering price of the common stock has been arbitrarily determined and bears no relationship to any objective criterion of value. The price does not bear any relationship to our assets, book value, historical earnings or net worth. The selling shareholders will sell at a price of $0.01 per share until the shares are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board® or in another quotation medium and, thereafter, at prevailing market prices or at privately negotiated prices. Our shares are not listed on any exchange or quoted on any trading platform. To date, no effort has been made to obtain listing on the OTC Bulletin Board or any national stock exchange or association. The Company and its shareholders have not approached any broker/dealers with regard to assisting the Company to apply for such listing. 10 Selling Security Holders The following table sets forth (i) the number of outstanding shares, beneficially owned by the Selling Stockholders prior to the offering; (ii) the aggregate number of shares offered by each such stockholder pursuant to this prospectus; and (iii) the amount and the percentage of the class to be owned by such security holder after the offering is complete: Name of Owner of Common Stock (1) Number of Shares Owned before the Offering (2) Number of Shares Offered by Selling Shareholders Number of Shares Owned after the Offering Percentage of Shares Owned after the Offering (3) Dana Anderson 50,000 50,000 0 0.00% Eileen Anderson 50,000 50,000 0 0.00% Joseph Cerbone 100,000 100,000 0 0.00% Margaret DeCaro 50,000 50,000 0 0.00% Donald Dickson 50,000 50,000 0 0.00% Tammy Dunn 50,000 50,000 0 0.00% Donald Ehrlich 100,000 100,000 0 0.00% Danielle Galloway 50,000 50,000 0 0.00% Julie Hammer 50,000 50,000 0 0.00% Dorothy McCallion 50,000 50,000 0 0.00% Frank McGarvery 50,000 50,000 0 0.00% S. K. McGarvey 50,000 50,000 0 0.00% Tianna Owen 50,000 50,000 0 0.00% Terumi Rice 50,000 50,000 0 0.00% Stanley Stilwall 50,000 50,000 0 0.00% Leisa Stilwall 50,000 50,000 0 0.00% William Willard 50,000 50,000 0 0.00% Total (17 persons) 950,000 950,000 0 0.00% Notes: 1. None of the Selling Shareholders hold any position, office or other material relationship with the Company. 2. In April 2007, we sold 950,000 shares of our common stock to the seventeen (17) selling shareholders listed above. The shares were issued at a price of $0.01 per share for total cash in the amount of $9,500. The shares bear a restrictive transfer legend. This April 2007 transaction (a) involved no general solicitation, (b) involved less than thirty-five non-accredited purchasers and (c) relied on a detailed disclosure document to communicate to the investors all material facts about New Day Financial Management, Inc., including an audited balance sheet and reviewed statements of income, changes in stockholders’ equity and cash flows. 3. Assumes the offering of all 950,000 offered for sale by the Selling Stockholders in this registration statement, of which this prospectus is a part. None of the Selling Stockholders has been affiliated with New Day Financial Management, Inc. in any capacity in the past three years. None of the Selling Stockholders is a broker/dealer or an affiliate of a broker/dealer. 11 Plan of Distribution There is no public market for our common stock. Our common stock is currently held amongst a small community of shareholders. Therefore, the current and potential market for our common stock is limited and the liquidity of our shares may be severely limited. To date, we have made no effort to obtain listing or quotation of our securities on a national stock exchange or association. We have not identified or approached any broker/dealers with regard to assisting us apply for such listing. We are unable to estimate when we expect to undertake this endeavor. In the absence of being listed, no market is available for investors in our common stock to sell their shares. We cannot guarantee that a meaningful trading market will develop. New Day Financial M anagement, Inc. cannot guarantee that a meaningful trading market will develop. If the stock ever becomes tradable, the trading price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. As a result, investors may be unable to sell their shares at or greater than the price they are being offered at. The Selling Stockholders may only offer and sell, from time to time, common stock using this prospectus in transactions at a fixed offering price of $0.01 per share until a trading market develops in our common stock, at which time the Selling Stockholders may sell shares at market prices, which may vary, or at negotiated prices. The Selling Stockholders may use broker/dealers to sell their shares. The broker/dealers will either receive discounts or commissions from the Selling Stockholders, or they will receive commissions from purchasers of shares. The Selling Stockholders may transfer the shares by means of gifts, donations and contributions. This prospectus may be used by the recipients of such gifts, donations and contributions to offer and sell the shares received by them, directly or through brokers, dealers or agents and in private or public transactions; however, if sales pursuant to this prospectus by any such recipient could exceed 500 shares, than a prospectus supplement would need to be filed pursuant to Section 424(b)(3) of the Securities Act to identify the recipient as a Selling Stockholder and disclose any other relevant information. Such prospectus supplement would be required to be delivered, together with this prospectus, to any purchaser of such shares. The Selling Stockholders may offer their shares at various times in one or more of the following transactions: 1. In the over-the-counter market; 2. On any exchange on which the shares may hereafter be listed; 3. In negotiated transactions other than on such exchanges; 4. By pledge to secure debts and other obligations; 5. In connection with the writing of non-traded and exchange-traded call options, in hedge transactions, in covering previously established short positions and in settlement of other transactions in standardized or over-the-counter options; or 6. In a combination of any of the above transactions. Some of the Selling Stockholders may be eligible and may elect to sell some or all of their shares pursuant to additional exemptions to the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including but not limited to, Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, rather than pursuant to this Registration Statement. Under certain circumstances the Selling Stockholders and any broker/dealers that participate in the distribution may be deemed to be "underwriters" within the meaning of the Securities Act. Any commissions received by such broker/dealers and any profits realized on the resale of shares by them may be considered underwriting discounts and commissions under the Securities Act. The Selling Stockholders may agree to indemnify such broker/dealers against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. The Selling Stockholders will also be subject to applicable provisions of the Exchange Act and regulations under the Exchange Act, which may limit the timing of purchases and sales of the shares by the Selling Stockholders. 12 We have advised the selling stockholders that, during such time as they may be engaged in a distribution of any of the shares we are registering on their behalf in this registration statement, they are required to comply with Regulation M as promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. In general, Regulation M precludes any selling stockholder, any affiliated purchasers and any broker-dealer or other person who participates in such distribution from bidding for or purchasing, or attempting to induce any person to bid for or purchase, any security which is the subject of the distribution until the entire distribution is complete. Regulation M defines a "distribution" as an offering of securities that is distinguished from ordinary trading activities by the magnitude of the offering and the presence of spe cial selling efforts and selling methods. Regulation M also defines a "distribution participant" as an underwriter, prospective underwriter, broker, dealer, or other person who has agreed to participate or who is participating in a distribution. Our officers and directors, along with affiliates, will not engage in any hedging, short, or any other type of transaction covered by Regulation M. Regulation M prohibits any bids or purchases made in order to stabilize the price of a security in connection with the distribution of that security, except as specifically permitted by Rule 104 of Regulation M. These stabilizing transactions may cause the price of the common stock to be higher than it would otherwise be in the absence of those transactions. We have advised the selling stockholders that stabilizing transactions permitted by Regulation M allow bids to purchase our common stock so long as the stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum, and that Regulation M specifically prohibits stabilizing that is the result of fraudulent, manipulative, or deceptive practices. Selling stockholders and distribution participants will be required to consult with their own legal counsel to ensure compliance with Regulation M. The Selling Stockholders will pay all commissions, transfer fees, and other expenses associated with the sale of securities by them. The shares offered hereby are being registered by us, and we have paid the expenses of the preparation of this prospectus. We have not made any underwriting arrangements with respect to the sale of shares offered hereby. We do not intend to engage in any distribution efforts on behalf of any of the holders of our common stock other than providing for registration of the securities registered for sale with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Each of the Selling Stockholders is acting independently of us in making decisions with respect to the timing, price, manner and size of each with the distribution of the shares. There is no assurance, therefore, that the Selling Stockholders will sell any or all of the shares. In connection with the offer and sale of the shares, we have agreed to make available to the Selling Stockholders copies of this prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement and have informed the Selling Stockholders of the need to deliver copies of this prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement to purchasers at or prior to the time of any sale of the shares offered hereby. Description of Securities New Day Financial Management, Inc.’s authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, having a $0.001 par value. The holders of our common stock: 1. Have equal ratable rights to dividends from funds legally available therefore, when, as and if declared by our Board of Directors; 2. Are entitled to share ratably in all of our assets available for distribution to holders of common stock upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs; 3. Do not have preemptive, subscription or conversion rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights; and 4. Are entitled to one vote per share on all matters on which stockholders may vote. All shares of common stock now outstanding are fully paid for and non assessable and all shares of common stock which are the subject of this offering, when sold, will be fully paid for and non assessable. 13 The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker/dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than $5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the Nasdaq system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange system). The penny stock rules require a broker/dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC that provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker/dealer also must provide the customer with bid and offer quotations f or the penny stock, the compensation of the broker/dealer, and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer’s account. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from such rules, the broker/dealer must make a special written determination that a penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser’s written agreement to the transaction. These heightened disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the number of broker/dealers willing to make a market in our shares, reducing the level of trading activity in any secondary market that may develop for our shares, and accordingly, customers in our securities may find it difficult to sell their securities, if at all. We have no current plans to neither issue any preferred stock nor adopt any series, preferences or other classification of preferred stock. The Board of Directors is authorized to (i) provide for the issuance of shares of the authorized preferred stock in series and (ii) by filing a certificate pursuant to the law of Nevada, to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each such series and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, all without any further vote or action by the stockholders. Any shares of issued preferred stock would have priority over the common stock with respect to dividend or liquidation rights. Any future issuance of preferred stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our Company without further action by the stockholders and may adversely affect the voting and other rights of the holders of common stock. The issuance of shares of preferred stock, or the issuance of rights to purchase such shares, could be used to discourage an unsolicited acquisition proposal. For instance, the issuance of a series of preferred stock might impede a business combination by including class voting rights that would enable the holder to block such a transaction, or facilitate a business combination by including voting rights that would provide a required percentage vote of the stockholders. In addition, under certain circumstances, the issuance of preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power of the holders of the common stock. Although the Board of Directors is required to make any determination to issue such stock based on its judgment as to the best interests of our stockholders, the Board of Directors could ac t in a manner that would discourage an acquisition attempt or other transaction that potentially some, or a majority, of the stockholders might believe to be in their best interests or in which stockholders might receive a premium for their stock over the then market price of such stock. The Board of Directors does not at present intend to seek stockholder approval prior to any issuance of currently authorized stock, unless otherwise required by law or stock exchange rules. Non-Cumulative Voting Holders of shares of New Day Financial Management, Inc.'s common stock do not have cumulative voting rights, which means that the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding shares, voting for the election of directors, can elect all of the directors to be elected, if they so choose, and, in such event, the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any of New Day Financial Management, Inc.'s directors. Cash Dividends As of the date of this prospectus, New Day Financial Management, Inc. has not paid any cash dividends to stockholders. The declaration of any future cash dividend will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our earnings, if any, capital requirements and financial position, general economic conditions, and other pertinent conditions. It is the present intention of New Day Financial Management, Inc. not to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest earnings, if any, in our business operations. 14 Interest of Named Experts and Counsel Legal Matters The validity of the shares of common stock that we are registering hereby will be passed upon for us by Randall V. Brumbaug, Esq., Glendora, California, who holds no interest in our common stock and has not been hired on a contingent basis. Experts Seale & Beers, CPAs, independent registered public accounting firm, have audited our financial statements at December 31, 2009, and for the period February 15, 2007 (Inception) to December 31, 2009, as set forth in their report. We have included our financial statements in this prospectus and elsewhere in the registration statement in reliance on Seale & Beers, CPAs’ report, given on their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. Description of Business Business Development and Summary New Day Financial Management, Inc. was incorporated in the State of Nevada on February 15, 2007. We are a consulting company that provides clients with focused management and financial strategies to execute and grow their businesses. During the year ended December 31, 2009, we generated positive cash flows of $12,396 from our operating activities and generated net income of $12,646. As of December 31, 2009, we had no liabilities and cash on hand in the amount of $13,085; thus, our management believes we have sufficient funds to meet our financial obligations and expected expenditures for the next at least six months. For a detailed “Management’s Discussion and Analysis” and “Plan of Operations,” please refer to page 32. However, we are a development stage entity that has only recently begun its planned principal operations and, resultantly, we face significant risks and obstacles to our operations, which are detailed on page 6, “Risk Factors.” Our administrative office is located at 55 S. Valle Verde Dr., #235-106, Henderson, Nevada 89012. Our fiscal year end is December 31. Please see “Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities” on page 39 for our capitalization history. Business of Issuer Principal Services and Principal Markets Companies of all types and sizes are under significant pressure to increase profitability and efficiency during a period of economic contraction. Concurrently, customers are more informed, involved and frugal, leading to pressure on companies to reduce prices, increase quality and provide higher levels of customer support and relations. Our management believes this combination of factors has created increased competition, as well as opportunities. We are a management consulting company that assists clients in defining their competitive strengths and weaknesses, as well as mapping out tactics, processes and strategies to achieve specific business objectives. Our consultants work closely with clients to (a) evaluate their current operations, (b) identify where improvements can be made and (c) design and implement strategies to improve clients’ business. Currently, all services that we are contracted for are provided by our officers. In the event that a client or specific project requires expertise beyond the capabilities of our officers, we plan to contract third-parties with sufficient experience. 15 We primarily target small businesses that are either unwilling or unable to dedicate precious resources to employing an individual to provide the services we do on an interim basis. We believe this market segment is underserved by our larger competitors and that we are able to provide a cost-efficient solution for the small businesses existing in the segment. Our services are provided on an outsourced basis, whereby a client contracts us for assistance with a specific project or for a pre-determined time frame. Most small business owners are merely aware of their companies’ cash flows; put simply, they know if they have enough cash on hand to meet their obligations. Our goal is to provide clients with the tools to objectively evaluate their profitability and determine areas for improvement. We teach clients how to calculate basic financial ratios, such as Current Ratio, Average Collection Period, Debt Ratio, Profit Margins and Return on Equity, as well as assist clients in understanding the meaning of the output of such ratios and how to use that information to improve business practices. By studying the information obtained, we attempt to address revenue cycle management, billing policies, credit risk and collection effectiveness, inventory management, accounts payable debt structuring. Throu gh close interaction and consultation with clients, we assist in the development and implementation of client-specific solutions to improve profitability. In addition to focused financial management, we provide a more general consulting service. Our management has decades of experience in entrepreneurship, corporate strategy, real estate and business management, which we are able to draw upon to assist most clients with a variety of situations. In the event a client requires knowledge outside of our management’s skill set, we have access to contacts and professional acquaintances, cultivated over our management’s collective years of being in business, who can be brought in as third-party consultants to complete the project. Distribution Methods Our sole means of marketing and advertising are our officers and sole director. These individuals have been working as employees and business owners in their respective communities for more than 100 years, combined, during which they have established business networks. These networks and other business acquaintances make up the large prospect database that we have been marketing our services to. Our management attempts to establish contact with these contacts to generate awareness of our company and services, as well as to identify the potential for sales or referrals. We have no other marketing or advertising channels than the direct marketing approach we are taking. Growth Strategy Our growth strategy includes the following: 1. Build long-term relationships with clients. All of our prior and current clients engage us on a per-project basis. We have no guaranteed, long-term source of revenues; once a project is completed, that client may or may not continue to utilize our services. Our objective is to enter into long-term contractual arrangements with clients to secure streams of revenues for at least 6-12 months. Unfortunately, our target market of small businesses is price sensitive and weary of entering into an agreement which will increase their fixed costs. As of the date of this prospectus, we have no long-term agreement with any client. 2. Bring outsourcing in-house . Since our inception, our officers and sole director has serviced all of our clients. However, we understand that our management’s skill set may not encompass every situation a business may encounter. As a result, we may be required to outsource projects or the client to a third-party consultant, whom we will have no direct oversight or control over. Our objective is to hire or establish a more formal and direct relationship with such third-party consultants. As of the date of this prospectus, we have not hired any persons and do not expect to do so within at least the next 12 months. 3. Acquire new clients . The growth of any business, including ours, is directly influenced by the ability to engage new clients. We currently rely exclusively upon the efforts of our officers and sole director to market our company and our services to their prospect database. We must continue to contact, and follow up with, target companies in this database, as well as add new potential contacts to continuously increase the pool or prospects. While we do not currently expect to require additional sales staff or the use of mass media to advertise our services, we will periodically evaluate the necessity of such. 16 Industry Background and Competition We compete, in general, with business consulting companies, including large multi-national and smaller niche solution providers, offering services that may be materially similar to those we provide. Additionally, there are countless individuals seeking employment in the financial management departments of businesses, as well as businesses seeking a staff member rather than an outsourced consultant. Our management believes we complete in a highly competitive marketplace with a large number of competitors. All of these companies are significantly larger and have substantially greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources and significantly greater name recognition. It is possible that new competitors or alliances among competitors will emerge in the future. Barriers to entry are moderate, in that individuals with relevant work experience or college credentials are able to provide services relatively similar to those we provide without a significant capital investment. Our expected competitors may be able to fulfill customer requests more efficiently than we may be able to. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against present or future competitors or that competitive pressures will not force us to cease our operations. Number of total employees and number of full time employees We currently a development stage company and have no employees. We rely exclusively on the services of our officers and directors who have experience in various business segments and industries. There are no other full- or part-time employees. We believe that our operations are currently on a small scale that is manageable by these individuals. We do not anticipate hiring employees over the next 12 months. In the normal course of our business, we will contract non-salaried third-party consultants to provide various professional services to our clients on our behalf. These consultants are independent and paid on a per-project basis and are not considered employees. Available Information 1. Upon effectiveness of this Registration Statement, we expect to furnish our shareholders with audited annual financial reports certified by our independent accountants. 2. Upon effectiveness of this Registration Statement, we intend to file periodic and current reports required by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 with the Securities and Exchange Commission to maintain the fully reporting status. 3. You may read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20002. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Our SEC filings will be available on the SEC Internet site, located at http://www.sec.gov. Legal Proceedings Our officers, directors and employees have not been convicted in a criminal proceeding, exclusive of traffic violations. Our officers, directors and employees have not been permanently or temporarily enjoined, barred, suspended or otherwise limited from involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities. Our officers, directors and employees have not been convicted of violating a federal or state securities or commodities law. There are no pending legal proceedings against us. No director, officer, significant employee or consultant of New Day Financial Management, Inc. has had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time. 17 Market Price of and Dividends on the Registrant’s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters Market Information As of the date of this prospectus, there is no public market in our common stock. Our securities are not listed on any exchange, thus no market for our shares exists and there is no assurance that one will develop. To date, no effort has been made to obtain listing on the OTC Bulletin Board or any national securities exchange or association. We have not approached any broker/dealers with regard to assisting us to apply for such listing. As of the date of this prospectus, 1. There are no outstanding options of warrants to purchase, or other instruments convertible into, common equity of New Day Financial Management, Inc.; 2. There are currently 900,000 shares of our common stock held by our officers and sole director, that are ineligible to be sold pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act, none of which we have agreed to register for sale; 3. Other than the stock registered under this Registration Statement, there is no stock that has been proposed to be publicly offered resulting in dilution to current shareholders. Holders As of the date of this prospectus, New Day Financial Management, Inc. has 2,900,000 shares of $0.001 par value common stock issued and outstanding held by thirty shareholders of record. Our Transfer Agent is anticipated to be Empire Stock Transfer, Inc., 1859 Whitney Mesa Drive, Henderson, Nevada 89014, Phone: (702) 818-5898. Dividends We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on its common stock. For the foreseeable future, we intend to retain any earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business, and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will be dependent upon then existing conditions, including our financial condition and results of operations, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, business prospects and other factors that the board of directors considers relevant. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans The following table provides the following information as of December 31, 2009, for equity compensation plans previously approved by security holders, as well as those not previously approved by security holders: 1. The number of securities to be issued upon the exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights; 2. The weighted-average exercise price of the outstanding options, warrants and rights; and 3. Other than securities to be issued upon the exercise of the outstanding options, warrants and rights, the number of securities remaining available for future issuance under the plan. 18 Plan Category Number of Securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 0 0 0 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 0 0 0 Total 0 0 0 19 Financial Statements TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Report FA-1 Balance Sheet FA-2 Statements of Operations FA-3 Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity FA-4 Statements of Cash Flows FA-5 Footnotes FA-6 20 SEALE AND BEERS, CPAs PCAOB & CPAB REGISTERED AUDITORS www.sealebeers.com REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors New Day Financial Management, Inc. (A Development Stage Company) We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of New Day Financial Management, Inc. (A Development Stage Company) as of December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, and the related statements of operations, stockholders’ equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2009, December 31, 2008 and since inception on February 15, 2007 through December 31, 2009. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conduct our audits in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of New Day Financial Management, Inc. (A Development Stage Company) as of December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, and the related statements of operations, stockholders’ equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2009, December 31, 2008 and since inception on February 15, 2007 through December 31, 2009, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has had a loss from operations of $11,186, from inception through December 31, 2008. However during the year 2009, the company did generate minimal revenue of $13,500 and a net income of $12,646, however in the aggregate, there is substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans concerning these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. /s/ Seale and Beers, CPAs Seale and Beers, CPAs Las Vegas, Nevada May 10, 2010 50 S. Jones Blvd. Suite 202 Las Vegas, NV 89107 Phone: (888)727-8251 Fax: (888)782-2351 FA-1 21 NEW DAY FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, INC. (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY) BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2009 2008 ASSETS Current assets: Cash $ 13,085 $ 689 Total current assets 13,085 689 Total assets $ 13,085 $ 689 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ - $ 250 Total current liabilities - 250 Total liabilities $ - $ 250 Stockholders’ equity (deficit): Common stock, $0.001 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized, 2,900,000 and 2,900,000 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively 2,900 2,900 Additional paid-in capital 8,725 8,725 Deficit accumulated during development stage 1,460 (11,186 ) Total stockholders’ equity 13,085 439 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 13,085 $ 689 See Accompanying Notes to Financial Statements. FA-2 22 NEW DAY FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, INC. (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY) STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS For the years ended Inception December 31, (February 15, 2007) to 2009 2008 December 31, 2009 Revenue $ 13,500 $ - $ 13,500 Operating expenses: General and administrative expenses 854 8,936 12,040 Total expenses 854 8,936 12,040 Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 12,646 (8,936 ) 1,460 Provision for income taxes - - - Net income (loss) $ 12,646 $ (8,936 ) $ 1,460 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic 2,900,000 2,900,000 Net income (loss) per share-basic $ 0.00 $ (0.00 ) See Accompanying Notes to Financial Statements. FA-3 23 NEW DAY FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, INC. (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY) STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Deficit Accumulated Additional During Total Common Stock Paid-in Development Stockholders’ Shares Amount Capital Stage Equity February 15, 2007 Issuance of common stock for services 900,000 $ 900 $ - $ - $ 900 February 15, 2007 Donated capital for expenses paid by officer - - 175 - 175 March 20, 2007 Issuance of common stock for services 1,050,000 1,050 - - 1,050 April 11, 2007 Issuance of common stock for cash 950,000 950 8,550 - 9,500 Net (loss) - - - (2,250 ) (2,250 ) Balance, December 31, 2007 2,900,000 2,900 8,725 (2,250 ) 9,375 Net (loss) - - - (8,936 ) (8,936 ) Balance, December 31, 2008 2,900,000 2,900 8,725 (11,186 ) 439 Net income - - - 12,646 12,646 Balance, December 31, 2009 2,900,000 $ 2,900 $ 8,725 $ 1,460 $ 13,085 See Accompanying Notes to Financial Statements. FA-4 24 NEW DAY FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, INC. (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY) STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the years ended Inception December 31, (February 15, 2007) to 2009 2008 December 31, 2009 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income (loss) $ 12,646 $ (8,936 ) $ 1,460 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used by operating activities: Shares issued for services - - 1,950 Expenses paid by an officer - - 175 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Increase (decrease) in accounts payable (250 ) 250 - Net cash provided (used) in operating activities 12,396 (8,686 ) 3,585 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from sale of common stock - - 9,500 Net cash provided by financing activities - - 9,500 NET CHANGE IN CASH 12,396 (8,686 ) 13,085 CASH AT BEGINNING OF YEAR 689 9,375 - CASH AT END OF YEAR $ 13,085 $ 689 $ 13,085 SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION: Interest paid $ - $ - $ - Income taxes paid $ - $ - $ - Non-cash activities: Number of shares issued for services $ - $ - 1,950,000 Value of shares issued for services $ - $ - $ 1,950 See Accompanying Notes to Financial Statements. FA-5 25 NEW DAY FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, INC. (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE 1 – SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Organization The Company was incorporated on February 15, 2007 (Date of Inception) under the laws of the State of Nevada, as New Day Financial Management, Inc. The Company has not commenced significant operations and, in accordance with ASC Topic 915, the Company is considered a development stage company. Nature of operations The Company’s primary business is to establish or reestablish solid management organizations for its clients. The Company provides placement of professional and competent personnel into key slots to create a strong, focused management and marketing group for the benefit of the client. Cash and cash equivalents For the purpose of the statements of cash flows, all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. The carrying value of these investments approximates fair value. Revenue recognition The Company recognizes revenue when it is consulting and placement services are rendered on the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Advertising costs Advertising costs are anticipated to be expensed as incurred; however there were no advertising costs included in general and administrative expenses for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008. Fair value of financial instruments Fair value estimates discussed herein are based upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information available to management as of December 31, 2009 and 2008. The respective carrying value of certain on-balance-sheet financial instruments approximated their fair values. These financial instruments include cash and accounts payable. Fair values were assumed to approximate carrying values for cash and payables because they are short term in nature and their carrying amounts approximate fair values or they are payable on demand. Stock-based compensation The Company records stock based compensation in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 718 which requires the Company to recognize expenses related to the fair value of its employee stock option awards. This eliminates accounting for share-based compensation transactions using the intrinsic value and requires instead that such transactions be accounted for using a fair-value-based method. The Company recognizes the cost of all share-based awards on a graded vesting basis over the vesting period of the award. Earnings per share The Company follows ASC Topic 260 to account for the earnings per share. Basic earning per common share (“EPS”) calculations are determined by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Diluted earning per common share calculations are determined by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares and dilutive common share equivalents outstanding. During periods when common stock equivalents, if any, are anti-dilutive they are not considered in the computation. FA-6 26 NEW DAY FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, INC. (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE 1 – SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) Income taxes The Company follows ASC Topic 740 for recording the provision for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are computed based upon the difference between the financial statement and income tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted marginal tax rate applicable when the related asset or liability is expected to be realized or settled. Deferred income tax expenses or benefits are based on the changes in the asset or liability each period. If available evidence suggests that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized, a valuation allowance is required to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. Future changes in such valuation allowance are included in the provision for deferred income taxes in the period of change . Deferred income taxes may arise from temporary differences resulting from income and expense items reported for financial accounting and tax purposes in different periods. Deferred taxes are classified as current or non-current, depending on the classification of assets and liabilities to which they relate. Deferred taxes arising from temporary differences that are not related to an asset or liability are classified as current or non-current depending on the periods in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse. The Company applies a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold for all tax uncertainties. ASC Topic 740 only allows the recognition of those tax benefits that have a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities. As of December 31, 2009 and 2008, the Company reviewed its tax positions and determined there were no outstanding, or retroactive tax positions with less than a 50% likelihood of being sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, therefore this standard has not had a material affect on the Company. The Company does not anticipate any significant changes to its total unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months. The Company classifies tax-related penalties and net interest as income tax expense. As of December 31, 2009 and 2008, no income tax expense has been incurred. Use of estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. Concentrations of revenue In 2009, four customers accounted for 100% of revenue. In 2008, there was no revenue. During the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, the officers and directors of the Company have donated their services to the Company. In 2009, the revenue generated was based on management’s donation of services. FA-7 27 NEW DAY FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, INC. (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE 1 – SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) Recent pronouncements Below is a listing of the most recent accounting standards and their effect on the Company. In April 2010, the FASB (Financial Accounting Standards Board) issued Accounting Standards Update 2010-18 (ASU 2010-18), Receivables (Topic 310): Effect of a Loan Modification When the Loan is Part of a Pool That Is Accounted for as a Single Asset-a consensus of the FASB Emerging Task Force. The amendments in this Update are effective for modifications of loans accounted for within pools under Subtopic 310-30 occurring in the first interim or annual period ending on or after July 15, 2010. The amendments are to be applied prospectively. Early application is permitted. The Company does not expect the provisions of ASU 2010-18 to have a material effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. In April 2010, the FASB (Financial Accounting Standards Board) issued Accounting Standards Update 2010-17 (ASU 2010-17), Revenue Recognition-Milestone Method (Topic 605): Milestone Method of Revenue Recognition. The amendments in this Update are effective on a prospective basis for milestones achieved in fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning on or after June 15, 2010. Early adoption is permitted. If a vendor elects early adoption and the period of adoption is not the beginning of the entity’s fiscal year, the entity should apply the amendments retrospectively from the beginning of the year of adoption. The Company does not expect the provisions of ASU 2010-17 to have a material effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. In April 2010, the FASB (Financial Accounting Standards Board) issued Accounting Standards Update 2010-16 (ASU 2010-16), Entertainment-Casinos (Topic 924): Accruals for Casino Jackpot Liabilities-a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task. The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2010. The amendments should be applied by recording a cumulative-effect adjustment to opening retained earnings in the period of adoption. The Company does not expect the provisions of ASU 2010-16 to have a material effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. In April 2010, the FASB (Financial Accounting Standards Board) issued Accounting Standards Update 2010-15 (ASU 2010-15), Financial Services-Insurance (Topic 944): How Investments held through Separate Accounts Affect an Insurer’s Consolidation Analysis of Those Investments-a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force. The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2010. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments in this Update should be applied retrospectively to all prior periods upon the date of adoption. The Company does not expect the provisions of ASU 2010-15 to have a material effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. In April 2010, the FASB (Financial Accounting Standards Board) issued Accounting Standards Update 2010-14 (ASU 2010-14), Accounting for Extractive Activities – Oil & Gas - Amendments to Paragraph 932-10-S99-1 (SEC Update). The Amendments are designed to modernize and update the oil and gas disclosure requirements to align them with current practices and changes in technology. The Company does not expect the provisions of ASU 2010-14 to have a material effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. FA-8 28 NEW DAY FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, INC. (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE 1 – SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) Recent pronouncements (continued) In April 2010, the FASB (Financial Accounting Standards Board) issued Accounting Standards Update 2010-13 (ASU 2010-13), Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Effect of Denominating the Exercise Price of a Share-Based Payment Award in the Currency of the Market in Which the Underlying Equity Security Trades - a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force. The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning on or after December 15, 2010. Earlier application is permitted. The Company does not expect the provisions of ASU 2010-13 to have a material effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. In April 2010, the FASB (Financial Accounting Standards Board) issued Accounting Standards Update 2010-12 (ASU 2010-12), Income Taxes (Topic 740): Accounting for Certain Tax Effects of the 2010 Health Care Reform Acts. After consultation with the FASB, the SEC stated that it “would not object to a registrant incorporating the effects of the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 when accounting for the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act”. The Company does not expect the provisions of ASU 2010-12 to have a material effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. In March 2010, the FASB (Financial Accounting Standards Board) issued Accounting Standards Update 2010-11 (ASU 2010-11), Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Scope Exception Related to Embedded Credit Derivatives. The amendments in this Update are effective for each reporting entity at the beginning of its first fiscal quarter beginning after June 15, 2010. Early adoption is permitted at the beginning of each entity’s first fiscal quarter beginning after issuance of this Update. The Company does not expect the provisions of ASU 2010-11 to have a material effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. In February 2010, the FASB (Financial Accounting Standards Board) issued Accounting Standards Update 2010-10 (ASU 2010-10), Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments for Certain Investment Funds. The amendments in this Update are effective as of the beginning of a reporting entity’s first annual period that begins after November 15, 2009 and for Interim periods within that first reporting period. Early application is not permitted. The Company does not expect the provisions of ASU 2010-10 to have a material effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. In February 2010, the FASB (Financial Accounting Standards Board) issued Accounting Standards Update 2010-09 (ASU 2010-09), Subsequent Events (Topic 855): Amendments to Certain Recognition and Disclosure Requirements. This amendment addresses both the interaction of the requirements of this Topic with the SEC’s reporting requirements and the intended breadth of the reissuance disclosure provision related to subsequent events (paragraph 855-10-50-4). All of the amendments in this Update are effective upon issuance of the final Update, except for the use of the issued date for conduit debt obligors. That amendment is effective for interim or annual periods ending after June 15, 2010. The Company does not expect the provisions of ASU 2010-09 to have a material effect on the financial position, result s of operations or cash flows of the Company. In February 2010, the FASB (Financial Accounting Standards Board) issued Accounting Standards Update 2010-08 (ASU 2010-08), Technical Corrections to Various Topics. The amendments are effective for the first reporting period (including interim periods) beginning after issuance (February 2, 2010), except for certain amendments. The amendments to the guidance on accounting for income taxes in reorganization (Subtopic 852-740) should be applied to reorganizations for which the date of the reorganization is on or after the beginning of the first annual reporting period beginning on or after December 15, 2008. For those reorganizations reflected in interim financial statements issued before the amendments in this Update are effective, retrospective application is required. The clarifications of the guidance on the embedded derivates and hedging (Subtopic 815-15) are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2009, and should be applied to existing contracts (hybrid instruments) containing embedded derivative features at the date of adoption. The Company does not expect the provisions of ASU 2010-08 to have a material effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. FA-9 29 NEW DAY FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, INC. (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE 1 – SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) Recent pronouncements (continued) In January 2010, the FASB (Financial Accounting Standards Board) issued Accounting Standards Update 2010-07 (ASU 2010-07), Not-for-Profit Entities (Topic 958): Not-for-Profit Entities: Mergers and Acquisitions. The Company does not expect the provisions of ASU 2010-07 to have a material effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. In January 2010, the FASB (Financial Accounting Standards Board) issued Accounting Standards Update 2010-06 (ASU 2010-06), Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures (Topic 820): Improving Disclosures about Fair Value Measurements. This is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2009, except for the disclosures about purchases, sales, issuances, and settlements in the roll forward of activity in Level 3 fair value measurements. Those disclosures are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2010, and for interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect the provisions of ASU 2010-06 to have a material effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. < /div> In January 2010, the FASB (Financial Accounting Standards Board) issued Accounting Standards Update 2010-05 (ASU 2010-05), Compensation – Stock Compensation (Topic 718). This standard codifies EITF Topic D-110 Escrowed Share Arrangements and the Presumption of Compensation. In January 2010, the FASB (Financial Accounting Standards Board) issued Accounting Standards Update 2010-04 (ASU 2010-04), Accounting for Various Topics—Technical Corrections to SEC Paragraphs. In January 2010, the FASB (Financial Accounting Standards Board) issued Accounting Standards Update 2010-03 (ASU 2010-03), Extractive Activities—Oil and Gas (Topic 932): Oil and Gas Reserve Estimation and Disclosures. This is effective for annual reporting periods ending on or after December 31, 2009. However, an entity that becomes subject to the disclosures because of the change to the definition oil- and gas- producing activities may elect to provide those disclosures in annual periods beginning after December 31, 2009. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company does not expect the provisions of ASU 2010-03 to have a material effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. FA-10 30 NEW DAY FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, INC. (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE 1 – SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) Recent pronouncements (continued) In January 2010, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2010-02, Consolidation (Topic 810): Accounting and Reporting for Decreases in Ownership of a Subsidiary. An entity will be required to follow the amended guidance beginning in the period that it first adopts FAS 160 (now included in Subtopic 810-10). For those entities that have already adopted FAS 160, the amendments are effective at the beginning of the first interim or annual reporting period ending on or after December 15, 2009. The amendments should be applied retrospectively to the first period that an entity adopted FAS 160. The Company does not expect the provisions of ASU 2010-02 to have a material effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. In January 2010, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2010-01, Equity (Topic 505): Accounting for Distributions to Shareholders with Components of Stock and Cash (A Consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force). Effective for interim and annual periods ending on or after December 15, 2009, and would be applied on a retrospective basis. The Company does not expect the provisions of ASU 2010-01 to have a material effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. In December 2009, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2009-17, Consolidations (Topic 810): Improvements to Financial Reporting by Enterprises Involved with Variable Interest Entities. This Accounting Standards Update amends the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for Statement 167. (See FAS 167 effective date below) In December 2009, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2009-16, Transfers and Servicing (Topic 860): Accounting for Transfers of Financial Assets. This Accounting Standards Update amends the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for Statement 166. (See FAS 166 effective date below) In October 2009, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2009-15, Accounting for Own-Share Lending Arrangements in Contemplation of Convertible Debt Issuance or Other Financing. This Accounting Standards Update amends the FASB Accounting Standard Codification for EITF 09-1. (See EITF 09-1 effective date below) In October 2009, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2009-14, Software (Topic 985): Certain Revenue Arrangements That Include Software Elements. Effective prospectively for revenue arrangements entered into or materially modified in fiscal years beginning on or after June 15, 2010. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect the provisions of ASU 2009-14 to have a material effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. In October 2009, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2009-13, Revenue Recognition (Topic 605): Multiple-Deliverable Revenue Arrangements. Effective prospectively for revenue arrangements entered into or materially modified in fiscal years beginning on or after June 15, 2010. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect the provisions of ASU 2009-13 to have a material effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. In September 2009, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2009-12, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures (Topic 820): Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its Equivalent). It is effective for interim and annual periods ending after December 15, 2009. Early application is permitted in financial statements for earlier interim and annual periods that have not been issued. The Company does not expect the provisions of ASU 2009-12 to have a material effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. FA-11 31 NEW DAY FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, INC. (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE 1 – SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) Recent pronouncements (continued) In July 2009, the FASB ratified the consensus reached by EITF (Emerging Issues Task Force) issued EITF No. 09-1, (ASC Topic 470) “Accounting for Own-Share Lending Arrangements in Contemplation of Convertible Debt Issuance” (“EITF 09-1”). EITF 09-1 is effective for fiscal years that beginning on or after December 15, 2009 and requires retrospective application for all arrangements outstanding as of the beginning of fiscal years beginning on or after December 15, 2009. Share-lending arrangements that have been terminated as a result of counterparty default prior to December 15, 2009, but for which the entity has not reached a final settlement as of December 15, 2009 are within the scope. Effective for share-lending arrangements entered into on or after the beginning of the fi rst reporting period that begins on or after June 15, 2009. The Company does not expect the provisions of EITF 09-1 to have a material effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. In June 2009, the FASB issued SFAS No. 167 (ASC Topic 810), “Amendments to FASB Interpretation No. 46(R) (“SFAS 167”). SFAS 167 is effective as of the beginning of the first fiscal year that begins after November 15, 2009. SFAS 167 will be effective for the Company beginning in 2010. The Company does not expect the provisions of SFAS 167 to have a material effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. In June 2009, the FASB issued SFAS No. 166, (ASC Topic 860) “Accounting for Transfers of Financial Assets—an amendment of FASB Statement No. 140” (“SFAS 166”). SFAS 166 is effective for financial asset transfers occurring after the beginning of an entity’s first fiscal year that begins after November 15, 2009. The Company does not expect the provisions of SFAS 166 to have a material effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. NOTE 2 – GOING CONCERN The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the recoverability of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. As noted above, the Company is in the development stage and, accordingly, has generated minimal revenues from operations. Since its inception, the Company has been engaged substantially in financing activities and developing its business plan and incurring start up costs and expenses. As a result, the Company incurred accumulated net losses from Inception (February 15, 2007) through the period ended December 31, 2008 of ($11,186). During the year ended December 31, 2009, the Company did generate minimal revenue of $13,500 and net income of $12,646. In addition, the Company’s de velopment activities since inception have been financially sustained through equity financing. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to raise additional capital from the sale of common stock and, ultimately, the achievement of significant operating revenues. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts, or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from this uncertainty. FA-12 32 NEW DAY FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, INC. (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE 3 – INCOME TAXES At December 31, 2009 and 2008, the Company had federal operating loss carryforwards of $0 and $9,236, respectively, which begins to expire in 2027. The provision for income taxes consisted of the following components for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008: 2009 2008 Current: Federal $ - $ - State - - Deferred - - $ - $ - Components of net deferred tax assets, including a valuation allowance, are as follows at December 31, 2009 and 2008: 2009 2008 Deferred tax assets: Net operating loss carryforward $ - $ 3,233 Total deferred tax assets - 3,233 Less: Valuation allowance - (3,233 ) Net deferred tax assets $ - $ - The valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 was $0 and $3,233, respectively, which will begin to expire 2027. In assessing the recovery of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income in the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversals of future deferred tax assets, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. As a result, management determined it was more likely than not the deferred tax assets would not be realized as of December 31, 200 9 and 2008 and maintained a full valuation allowance. Reconciliation between the statutory rate and the effective tax rate is as follows at December 31, 2009 and 2008: 2009 2008 Federal statutory rate (35.0 )% (35.0 )% State taxes, net of federal benefit (0.00 )% (0.00 )% Change in valuation allowance 35.0 % 35.0 % Effective tax rate 0.0 % 0.0 % FA-13 33 NEW DAY FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, INC. (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE 4 – STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY The Company is authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock. Common Stock On February 15, 2007, the Company issued officers and directors of the Company a total of 900,000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock at a price of $0.001 per share for a total amount of $900 in services rendered. On February 15, 2007, an officer and director of the Company paid for incorporation costs totaling $175. The Company is not obligated to reimburse the officer and director for these expenses and is considered donated capital. On March 20, 2007, the Company issued a total of 1,050,000 shares of its $0.001 par value common stock at a price of $0.001 per share for a total amount of $1,050 in services rendered. On April 11, 2007, the Company completed its offering and issued a total of 950,000 shares of common stock for cash and raised a total of $9,500. As of December 31, 2009 and 2008, there have been no other issuances of common stock. NOTE 5 – WARRANTS AND OPTIONS As of December 31, 2009 and 2008, there were no warrants or options outstanding to acquire any additional shares of common stock. NOTE 6 – RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Office space and services are provided without charge by the officers and directors of the Company. Such costs are immaterial to the financial statements and, accordingly, have not been reflected therein. NOTE 7 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS The Company has evaluated subsequent events through May 5, 2010, the date which the financial statements were available to be issued. As of May 5, 2010, there were no material subsequent events. FA-14 34 Management's Discussion and Plan of Operation This section must be read in conjunction with the Audited Financial Statements included in this prospectus. Overview We were incorporated in Nevada on February 15, 2007. Since our inception, we have worked with the singular goal of providing small business with the tools and guidance to grow their companies. During the year ended December 31, 2009, we generated $13,500 in revenues. In the year ended December 31, 2008, we did not generate any revenues. Aggregate revenues since our formation to December 31, 2009 totaled $13,500. We have no long-term or guaranteed contracts in place with any customers, and there can be no assurance that our major customers will continue to engage our services, or that we will be able to replace revenues from such customers with revenues from other customers. Operating expenses Although we have begun to generate revenues, we have relatively little operational history and remain a development stage company. We incur various costs and expenses in the execution of our business. All expenses, to date, have been classified as general and administrative expenses, which primarily consist of bank service charges, filing fees and consulting, accounting and legal fees. During the year ended December 31, 2009, total expenses were $854, which is attributable to $169 in bank fees and $685 in filing fees. In the comparable year ended December 31, 2008, total expenses were $8,936, comprised of $61 in bank fees, $375 in filing fees and consulting fees of $8,500. The reduction in expenses is not indicative of ongoing levels of expenditures. Management expects t o incur higher costs related to customer acquisition and our seeking to register certain of our common stock with the SEC for the Selling Shareholders. Our management does not expect to incur research and development costs. We have not paid for expenses on behalf of our directors. Additionally, we believe that this fact shall not materially change. We currently do not have any material contracts and or affiliations with third parties. Net income (loss) In the year ended December 31, 2009, we recorded net income of $12,646, compared to a net loss of $8,936 in the prior year ended December 31, 2008. Our ability to record income in the most recent period is the result of beginning to generating revenues while concurrently incurring only minimal expenses. As stated earlier, management expects to incur higher levels of expenditures in the near future, which will put significant pressure on our profitability. Therefore, we are significantly dependent upon our ability to continue to engage new clients and generate sufficient revenues to meet our financial obligations. Liquidity and capital resources Cash provided from operating activities in 2009 was $12,396, compared to cash utilized for such activities in 2008 of $8,686. Of particular note is that we did not generate any revenues in 2008, whereas we began to generate revenues in 2009. As of December 31, 2009, we had $13,085 in cash on hand, compared to year end 2008 cash balance of $689. This increase in available cash is attributed to our ability to generate sales and collect accounts receivable in a timely manner. From our inception to December 31, 2009, we sought investment from third-parties. As a result, since our incorporation, we have raised capital through the following means: 1. In February 2007, we issued 900,000 shares of our common stock to our two officers and our sole director, in exchange for services performed valued at $900. 2. In March 2007, we issued 1,050,000 shares of our common stock to several service providers in lieu of cash for services rendered in the amount of $1,050. These service providers agreed to accept stock as payment for their services. 35 3. In April 2007, we issued 950,000 shares of our common stock for cash proceeds of $9,500 in a private placement offering. We believe that our cash on hand as of December 31, 2009 in the amount of $13,085 is not sufficient to maintain our current level of operations for the next at least 12 months. Our management anticipates increased levels of expenditures, for which, if we do not generate sufficient cash flows from operations, we will be under-funded to satisfy. As a result, our independent auditors have expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern in the independent auditors’ report to the financial statements included in this registration statement. If our business fails, our investors may face a complete loss of their investment. We are currently contemplating requesting operating capital from our officer and sole director or seeking equity or debt financing from third-p arty sources, neither of which we can be assured of obtaining. We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. We currently do not own any significant plant or equipment that we would seek to sell in the near future. Plan of operation In order to sustain our operations through organic growth, we must increase sales of our consulting services over the next six months. However, we cannot guarantee that we will generate any sales. If we do not generate sufficient revenues and cash flows to support our operations over the next six months, we will be required to raise additional capital by issuing capital stock or debt securities in exchange for cash in order to continue as a going concern. We can not assure you that any financing can be obtained or, if obtained, that it will be on reasonable terms. In order to meet our goal of sustainable operations through organic means, over the next twelve months, we intend to do the following: 1. Build long-term relationships with clients. All of our prior and current clients engage us on a per-project basis. We have no guaranteed, long-term source of revenues; once a project is completed, that client may or may not continue to utilize our services. Securing long-term streams of revenues is important in that we would be able to budget our cash resources and proactively hire or contract third-party consultants to service specific clients. We are keenly aware of our target market’s apprehension toward engaging our firm for a prolonged period of time for a guaranteed fixed price. To attract clients to enter into extended contractual terms, we plan to offer discounted consulting rates. As of the date of this prospectus, we have no long-term agreement with any client. 2. Acquire new clients . The growth of any business, including ours, is directly influenced by the ability to engage new clients. Our management has compiled a database of professional acquaintances, to which we have been and expect to continue to market our services. We must continue to contact companies listed in our target database, regardless of whether we are able to retain them as a client. Even if we are unable to engage targeted companies, the desire is to impress upon them our existence and the services we provide in the hopes that they will refer us to their network of contacts. We currently rely exclusively upon the efforts of our officers and sole director to market our company and our services to their prospect database. The extent of our marketing has been limited to this direct sales method. We expect to continuously assess new marketing strategies; thus, we cannot predict whether the actual marketing and advertising efforts we implement will remain in its current form or not. While we do not currently expect to require additional sales staff or the use of mass media to advertise our services, we will periodically evaluate the necessity of such. Our management does not anticipate the need to hire additional full- or part- time employees over the next 12 months, as the services provided by our current officers and directors appear sufficient at this time. Our officers and directors work for us on a part-time basis, and are prepared to devote additional time, as necessary. We do not expect to hire any additional employees over the next 12 months. However, in the normal course of our business, we expect to contract non-salaried third-party consultants to provide various professional services to our clients on our behalf. These consultants are considered independent and will be paid on a per-project basis and are not considered employees. 36 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Directors , Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons Directors are elected by the stockholders to a term of one year and serves until his or her successor is elected and qualified. Officers are appointed by the Board of Directors to a term of one year and serves until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified, or until he or she is removed from office. The Board of Directors has no nominating, auditing or compensation committees. The following table sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers and directors as of the date of this prospectus: Name Age Position Period of Service (1) Karen Mannix 55 President February 2010 – 2011 Marcia Hootman 70 Secretary and Treasurer February 2010 – 2011 Beverly Fremont 74 Director February 2010 – 2011 Background of Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons Karen Mannix, President , has been a co-owner of Farmacopia, an herbal company operating in Santa Rosa, CA, for the past 15 years. Farmacopia educates physicians, including but not limited to family practice, internists and neurologists, as well as nurses and the general public through workshops, seminars, lectures and credentialed continuing education classes. Farmacopia also dispenses medicinal herbal products from its retail store and via mail order through the worldwide web. Ms. Mannix is responsible for product research, purchasing, business strategy, advance planning, national and international marketing and wholesale and retail sales. Ms. Mannix oversees the management and daily operations of the company and a s taff of five including three herbalists, a psychotherapist, massage therapist and office staff. She brings her management and strategic planning skills to New Day. Ms. Mannix has been self employed as a licensed California Department of Real Estate Salesperson since 1984, and she continues to invest for her own portfolio in Mexico and South America. Her focus in the real estate sales industry is residential home sales, developing vineyards, commercial leasing and raw land development. Mr. Mannix is also licensed by the California Department of Insurance specializing in long term insurance investments, annuities and whole life policies. Additionally, she has had years of experience in financing, home loans and second trust deed markets. Rev. Dr. Marcia Hootman, Secretary and Treasurer , has a broad background in higher education, real estate, publishing, the ministry and stock brokerage industries. Since 2007, she has been a co-owner of Health Energy Resources, a holistic website with anti-aging research information. Also, since 1973, she has been a real estate broker for Coastal Properties, where she helped develop condos between Del Mar and Solana Beach on the Southern California coastline. Dr. Hootman has assisted and inspired thousands of people to plan for their financial independence as an instructor with one of the largest financial education organizations in the world. Between 1990-1993, she was the only female Senior National Instructor of the Chas J. Given financial organization, where she taught real estate investment workshops and trained new instructors. She is the author of several top-selling books in the areas of personal growth, relationships and wealth, all published between 1982 and 1993. These include “Making the Break,” co-authored with Patt Perkins, “How to Turn Your Fax Machine Into a Money Machine,” and “I’d Rather be Rich.” 37 Dr. Hootman was educated at Columbia Pacific University receiving a PhD in Psychology; United States International University, MA, in Human Behavior and Cal Western University, BA, in Humanities. She has a life-long secondary teaching credential and is an ordained minister, serving at the pulpit for over 1,000 congregants. In 1996 through 2000, Dr. Hootman was Senior Minister of the Claremont Church of Religious Science in Claremont, California. Subsequently, from 2002 through 2005, she was Senior Minister of the New Thought Center in Sorrento Mesa, San Diego, California. Beverly Fremont, Director , is a semi-retired, experienced business entrepreneur. Mrs. Fremont has a strong real estate investment and sales background and has held a California Real Estate Sales License for over 35 years. Self-employed for most of her career, she has developed property in La Jolla, CA., completed sales of office buildings, specialized in oceanfront developments and achieved multi-million dollar sales goals in general residence real estate. Mrs. Fremont is a skilled negotiator and has facilitated innumerable business transactions. Her benefit to the company is in her experience in the global business environment and first hand interactions in both domestic and foreign countries. She has traveled extensively throughout all of Europe and Asia, visiting over 30 countries looking for business opportunities in the import/export and manufacturing industries. Her goal is to seek out, investigate, research and analyze the benefits and drawbacks of a potential investment. Additionally, she is a licensed Marriage, Family and Child Counselor, (MFCC), and conducted a successful psychotherapy practice for many years. Her specialty was working with children and guiding them toward successful decisions and opportunities. She is a graduate of Brandeis University and University of Chicago, holding both a Bachelor of Arts and a Master’s Degree. Board Committees We currently have no compensation committee or other board committee performing equivalent functions. Currently, all members of our board of directors participate in discussions concerning executive officer compensation. Involvement on Certain Material Legal Proceedings During the Last Five Years No petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law has ever been filed by or against, nor has a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer been appointed by a court for the business or property of any of our officers or directors, or any partnership in which he or she was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he or she was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing. No director, officer, significant employee or consultant has been convicted in a criminal proceeding, exclusive of traffic violations. No bankruptcy petitions have been filed by or against any business or property of any director, officer, significant employee or consultant of the Company nor has any bankruptcy petition been filed against a partnership or business association where these persons were general partners or executive officers. No director, officer, significant employee or consultant has been permanently or temporarily enjoined, barred, suspended or otherwise limited from involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities. No director, officer or significant employee has been convicted of violating a federal or state securities or commodities law. 38 Executive Compensation The following table sets forth all compensation paid to our Principal Executive and Financial Officers for the most recently completed fiscal year: Summary Compensation Table Name and Principal Position Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) Stock Awards ($) Option Awards ($) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compen-sation ($) Non-qualified Deferred Compen-sation Earnings($) All Other Compen-sation ($) Total ($) Karen Mannix 2009 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 President and CEO Marcia Hootman 2009 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Principal Financial Officer Employment Contracts And Officers’ Compensation We do not have employment agreements. Any future compensation to be paid will be determined by our Board of Directors, and an employment agreement will be executed. Directors’ Compensation Our directors are not entitled to receive compensation for services rendered to us, or for each meeting attended except for reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses. We have no formal or informal arrangements or agreements to compensate our directors for services they provide as directors of our company. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management The following table sets forth certain information as of the date of this offering with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock by all persons known by us to be beneficial owners of more than 5% of any such outstanding classes, and by each director and executive officer, and by all officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise specified, the named beneficial owner has, to our knowledge, either sole or majority voting and investment power. Title Of Class Name, Title and Address of Beneficial Owner of Shares Amount of Beneficial Ownership (1) Percent of Class Before Offering After Offering (2) Common Karen Mannix, President and CEO (3) 300,000 10.34% 10.34% Common Marcia Hootman, Secretary and Treasurer (3) 300,000 10.34% 10.34% Common Beverly Fremont, Director (3) 300,000 10.34% 10.34% All Directors and Officers as a group (3 persons) 900,000 31.03% 31.03% 39 Notes: 1. As used in this table, “beneficial ownership” means the sole or shared power to vote, or to direct the voting of, a security, or the sole or share investment power with respect to a security (i.e., the power to dispose of, or to direct the disposition of a security). 2. All shares being registered for sale are for the benefit of the Selling Shareholders. No shares are being offered by us. 3. The address for our officers and sole director is: 55 S. Valle Verde Dr., #235-106, Henderson, Nevada 89012. Stock Option Plan And Other Long-Term Incentive Plan We currently do not have existing or proposed option/SAR grants. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions On February 15, 2007, we issued a total of 900,000 shares of $0.001 par value common stock to our three officers and directors for a total amount of $900 in services rendered, related specifically to the formation and organization of our corporation, as well as setting forth a business plan and operational objectives On February 15, 2007, Beverly Fremont, our sole director, paid for incorporation costs totaling $175. We are not obligated to reimburse Ms. Fremont for these expenses and it is considered donated capital. Additionally, we use office space and services provided without charge by our officers and directors. Disclosure of Commission Position of Indemnification for Securities Act Liabilities Indemnification of Directors and Officers New Day Financial Management, Inc.’s Articles of Incorporation, its Bylaws, and certain statutes provide for the indemnification of a present or former director or officer. See Item 24 “Indemnification of Directors and Officers,” on page 44. The Securities and Exchange Commission's Policy on Indemnification Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its cou nsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 40 Dealer Prospectus Delivery Obligation Prior to the expiration of ninety days after the effective date of this registration statement or prior to the expiration of ninety days after the first date upon which the security was bona fide offered to the public after such effective date, whichever is later, all dealers that effect transactions in these securities, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers' obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions. 41 INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. The following table sets forth the costs and expenses payable by the Registrant in connection with the sale of the common stock being registered. New Day Financial Management, Inc. has agreed to pay all costs and expenses relating to the registration of its common stock. All amounts are estimated. EDGAR Conversion Fees $ 1,000 Transfer Agent Fees 1,000 Accounting and Legal Fees 4,000 SEC Registration Fee 10 Total $ 6,010 Indemnification of Directors and Officers. Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws provide for the indemnification of a present or former director or officer. We indemnify any of our directors, officers, employees or agents who are successful on the merits or otherwise in defense on any action or suit. Such indemnification shall include, expenses, including attorney’s fees actually or reasonably incurred by him. Nevada law also provides for discretionary indemnification for each person who serves as or at our request as one of our officers or directors. We may indemnify such individuals against all costs, expenses and liabilities incurred in a threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding brought because such individual is one of our directors or officers. Such individual must have conducted himself in good faith and reasonably believed that his conduct was in, or not opposed to, our best interests. In a criminal action, he must not have had a reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. Nevada Law Pursuant to the provisions of Nevada Revised Statutes 78.751, the Corporation shall indemnify its directors, officers and employees as follows: Every director, officer, or employee of the Corporation shall be indemnified by the Corporation against all expenses and liabilities, including counsel fees, reasonably incurred by or imposed upon him/her in connection with any proceeding to which he/she may be made a party, or in which he/she may become involved, by reason of being or having been a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or enterprise, or any settlement thereof, whether or not he/she is a director, officer, employee or agent at the time such expenses are incurred , except in such cases wherein the director, officer, employee or agent is adjudged guilty of willful misfeasance or malfeasance in the performance of his/her duties; provided that in the event of a settlement the indemnification herein shall apply only when the Board of Directors approves such settlement and reimbursement as being for the best interests of the Corporation. The Corporation shall provide to any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or enterprise, the indemnity against expenses of a suit, litigation or other proceedings which is specifically permissible under applicable law. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. February 15, 2007, we issued an aggregate of 900,000 shares of our common stock to our three founding shareholders, Misses Fremont, Hootman and Mannix. This sale of stock did not involve any public offering, general advertising or solicitation. The shares were issued in exchange for services performed by the founding shareholders on our behalf in the amount of $900. At the time of the issuance, each of the founders had fair access to and was in possession of all available material information about our company. Additionally, each shareholder represented their intent to acquire securities for their own accounts and not with a view to further distribute the shares. The shares bear a restrictive transfer legend. On the basis of these facts, we claim that the issuance of sto ck to our founding shareholders qualifies for the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, for transactions by an issuer, not involving a public offering. 42 On March 20, 2007, we issued 1,050,000 shares of our common stock to ten consultants for services rendered to the company valued at $1,050. Each consultant agreed to accept shares of our common stock in lieu of cash. We believe that the issuance and sale of the shares was exempt from the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 by virtue of Section 4(2). The shares were sold directly by us and did not involve a public offering or general solicitation. The offering was not underwritten and no commissions or finders’ fees were paid. The recipients of the shares were afforded an opportunity for effective access to files and records of the Company that contained the relevant information needed to make their investment decision, including the financial statements and 34 Act reports. We reasonably believed that the recipients, immediately prior to the sale of the shares, had such knowledge and experience in our financial and business matters that they were capable of evaluating the merits and risks of their investment. The recipients had the opportunity to speak with our management on several occasions prior to their investment decision. On April 11, 2007, we sold a total of 950,000 shares of our common stock to 17 non-affiliated shareholders. The shares were issued at a price of $0.01 per share for total cash in the amount of $9,500. The offering was not underwritten and no commissions or finders’ fees were paid. We believe that the issuance and sale of the shares was exempt from the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 by virtue of Section 4(2) and Regulation D Rule 506. The shares were sold directly by us and did not involve a public offering or general solicitation. The recipients of the shares were afforded an opportunity for effective access to files and records of the Company that contained the relevant information needed to make their investment decision, including the financial s tatements and 34 Act reports. We reasonably believed that the recipients, immediately prior to the sale of the shares, had such knowledge and experience in our financial and business matters that they were capable of evaluating the merits and risks of their investment. The recipients had the opportunity to speak with our management on several occasions prior to their investment decision. Exhibits Exhibit Number Name and/or Identification of Exhibit 3. Articles of Incorporation & By-Laws a) Articles of Incorporation b) Bylaws 5. Opinion on Legality Attorney Opinion Letter 23. Consent of Experts and Counsel a) Consent of Counsel, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 5 of this filing b) Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Undertakings In this Registration Statement, we are including undertakings required pursuant to Rule 415 of the Securities Act and Rule 430C under the Securities Act. Under Rule 415 of the Securities Act, we are registering securities for an offering to be made on a continuous or delayed basis in the future. The registration statement pertains only to securities (a) the offering of which will be commenced promptly, will be made on a continuous basis and may continue for a period in excess of 30 days from the date of initial effectiveness and (b) are registered in an amount which, at the time the registration statement becomes effective, is reasonably expected to be offered and sold within two years from the initial effective date of the registration. Based on the above-referenced facts and in compliance with the above-referenced rules, we include the following undertakings in this Registration Statement: 43 A. The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period, in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this Registration Statement: (i) To include any prospectus required by section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the Registration Statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the Registration Statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in the volume and price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of the Registration Fee” table in the effective Registration Statement; and (iii) To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the Registration Statement or any material change to such information in the Registration Statement. (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new Registration Statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. B. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the Registrant pursuant to the provisions described in Item 14 above, or otherwise, the Registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the Registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the Registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the Registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been set tled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question of whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. C. For determining any liability under the Securities Act, treat each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus as a new registration statement for the securities offered in the registration statement, and that offering of the securities at that time as the initial bona fide offering of those securities. D. Each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. 44 SIGNATURES In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the Registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the requirements of filing on Form SB-2 and authorized this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, in the State of Nevada on May 13, 2010. NEW DAY FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT, INC. (Registrant) By: /s/ Karen Mannix, President & CEO In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement was signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates stated: Signature Title Date /s/ Karen Mannix President, CEO and Director May 13, 2010 Karen Mannix /s/ Marcia Hootman Chief Financial Officer May 13, 2010 Marcia Hootman /s/ Marcia Hootman Chief Accounting Officer May 13, 2010 Marcia Hootman 45 Exhibit Index Exhibit Number Name and/or Identification of Exhibit 3. Articles of Incorporation & By-Laws a) Articles of Incorporation b) Bylaws 5. Opinion on Legality Attorney Opinion Letter 23. Consent of Experts and Counsel a) Consent of Counsel, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 5 of this filing b) Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 46
