As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June __, 2010 Registration No. UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 ZHONG WEN INTERNATIONAL HOLDING CO., LTD. Delaware 3569 Applied For (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) Zhong Wen International Holding Co., Ltd. Room 1101, 11/F., Shun Kwong Commercial Building, No.8 Des Vouex Road West, Hong Kong 852-253 03798 . (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) The Corporation Trust Company 1209 Orange Street Wilmington, Delaware 19801 302.658.7581 Copies to: The Law Office of Stephen E. Rounds 1544 York Street, Suite 110 Denver, Colorado 80206 T. 303.377.6997 F. 303.377.0231 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this Registration Statement. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box. o If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company x (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of Each Class of Securities to be Registered Amount to be Registered(1)(3) Proposed Maximum Offering Price per share(2) Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering price(1)(2) Amount of Registration Fee Common Stock, par value $.001 per share 158,600 $ 0.25 $ 39,650 $ 3.00 (1) There is no market for our common stock. Estimated in accordance with Rule 457(g) of the Securities Act of 1933 solely to compute the registration fee. (2) Calculated under Section 6(b) of the Securities Act of 1933 as $71.30 for each $1,000,000 of the maximum aggregate offering price. (3) Represents shares of our common stock being registered for resale that have been issued to the selling shareholders named in this registration statement. We will amend this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay our effective date until we will file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until this Registration Statement will become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, in accordance with Section 8(a) may determine. The information in this Prospectus is not complete and may be changed. Our selling shareholders may not sell these securities until the registration statement that includes this Prospectus is declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. This Prospectus shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall the selling shareholders sell any of these securities in any state where such an offer or solicitation would be unlawful before registration or qualification under such state’s securities laws. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED JUNE 21, 2010 ZHONG WEN INTERNATIONAL HOLDING CO., LTD. 158,600 Shares of Common Stock Our selling shareholders are offering up to 158,600 shares of common stock. The selling shareholders will offer their shares at $0.25 per share until the Company’s shares are quoted on the Over the Counter Bulletin Board (“OTC Bulletin Board”), if ever, and thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. We will not receive proceeds from the sale of shares from the selling shareholders. Prior to this offering, there has been no market for our securities. Our common stock is not listed on any national securities exchange or the NASDAQ stock market, nor is it quoted on OTC Bulletin Board or any other quotation medium. A registered broker-dealer has submitted an application for a quotation of our common stock on the OTC Bulletin Board; however, there is no assurance that our securities will ever become qualified for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board. There is no assurance that the selling shareholders will sell their shares or that a market for our shares will ever develop, even if our shares are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. This offering is highly speculative and these securities involve a high degree of risk and should be considered only by persons who can afford the loss of their entire investment. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 1. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of this Prospectus is June __, 2010. You should rely only on the information contained in this Prospectus. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with different information. We are not making an offer to sell these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. You should assume that the information in this Prospectus is accurate as of the date on the front of this Prospectus. TABLE OF CONTENTS SUMMARY INFORMATION 3 RISK FACTORS 4 NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 8 USE OF PROCEEDS 9 DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE 9 DILUTION 9 SELLING SHAREHOLDERS 9 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 10 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 12 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 12 EXPERTS 13 LEGAL MATTERS 13 DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES LIABILITIES 13 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 13 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS; PLAN OF OPERATIONS 15 TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PERSONS, PROMOTERS AND CERTAIN CONTROL PERSONS 17 MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 17 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS, AND CONTROL PERSONS 18 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 19 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 20 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 21 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-1 2 PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary only highlights selected information contained in greater detail elsewhere in this Prospectus. This summary may not contain all the information that you should consider before investing in our common stock. You should read the entire Prospectus, including “Risk Factors” beginning on page 6, and the financial information beginning on page F-1, before making an investment decision. Corporate Information The Company was incorporated in Delaware on May 24, 2010. Our current address is at Room 1101, 11/F., Shun Kwong Commercial Building, No.8 Des Vouex Road West , Hong Kong, telephone 852 -253 03798 . Business and Structure The business of the Company is product procurement for the construction industry, and project consultation for construction projects. Initially, for the procurement side of the business, we anticipate that Hong Kong Zhongwenbo International Group Company Limited (“ Zhongwenbo ,” a company for which articles of incorporation have been filed under Hong Kong law), will enter into a Sales Agency Agreement (with an effective date of June 16, 2010), with Shandong Zhongwen Industrial Group Company Limited (the “ SZIG ”), a limited liability company established under the laws of the People’s Republic of China (the “ PRC ”). Zhongwenbo will be a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. For details on the timing of the Agreement, see “Business – Sales Agency Agreement” below. Under the Sales Agency Agreement, Zhongwenbo is the exclusive global agent for SZIG, except for the PRC and Brazil (although the agency territory allows sales in the Special Administration Regions of Hong Kong and Macau, and the Territory of Taiwan). Zhongwenbo will be paid a commission of five percent of the net sales value of the SZIG products it sells. See “Business - Sales Agency Agreement” below. The Company is a start-up enterprise with no revenues or pending product or service sales, and will have to initiate a marketing plan to develop a prospective customer base. There is currently no market for our common stock. The Offering Selling shareholders are offering up to 158,600 shares of our common stock, initially at $0.25 per share, and thereafter (if the Company’s shares are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board), at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. There is no assurance that: · our securities will ever become qualified for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board; or · that the selling shareholders will sell their shares; or · that a market for our shares will develop even if our shares are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. To be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, a market maker must file an application on our behalf to make a market for our common stock. The absence of a public market for our common stock may make it difficult for you to sell your shares of our common stock. Our shares will be “penny stocks” as that term is generally defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and will be subject to rules that impose sales practice and disclosure requirements on broker-dealers who engage in certain transactions involving a penny stock. Because of these regulations, broker-dealers may encounter difficulties in their attempt to sell the shares, which may negatively affect the ability of selling shareholders or persons who purchase from them, and/or reduce trading activity and prices. Therefore, our shareholders will, in all likelihood, find it difficult to sell their securities. Financial Summary The following summary data is qualified by reference to the financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in the Prospectus. The Company’s fiscal year ends on December 31, 2010. The following information reflects financial information as of June 15, 2010 and for the period from inception (May 24, 2010) to June 15, 2010. 3 Statement of Operations Data For the Period May 24, 2010 (Inception) to June 15, 2010 Revenue from operations $ — Total costs and expenses 68,783 Net loss for the period $ (68,783 ) Net loss per weighted share, basic and fully diluted $ (0.172 ) Weighted average shares outstanding 400,000 Balance Sheet Data As of June 15, 2010 Current assets $ 36,217 Working capital $ (28,783 ) Total assets $ 36,217 Total liabilities $ 65,000 Total stockholders’ equity $ (28,783 ) Use of Proceeds The Company will not receive any proceeds from sale of the shares by the Selling Shareholders. All costs related to the preparation and filing of the registration statement (of which this Prospectus is a part) are being paid by the Company. Description of our Common Stock Our authorized capital stock consists of 1,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001; no preferred shares are authorized or issued. As of the date of this Prospectus, there are 400,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. See “Description of our Securities,” below. RISK FACTORS Purchasing our stock is a speculative investment. You should carefully consider the following risks in evaluating the other information in this Prospectus, including the discussion of certain matters under “Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements.” The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones that we face. There are additional risks and uncertainties that we may not presently know, or that we now believe are not significant or unlikely to occur, but which may develop to the business. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected and the value of our common stock, if quoted, could decline, or you may lose all or part of your investment. 4 Risks Related to the Business Our independent auditors have expressed doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, which may hinder our ability to obtain future financing and negatively impact the value of your investment in our shares. Our independent auditors have stated that our financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern. We have sustained operating losses since inception and our anticipated cash needs extend beyond current resources. As of the date of this Prospectus, we have accrued organizational expenses of $65,000 and have a negative working capital of $(28,783). The Company does not have a reliable source of future funding and we currently have no revenue sources. Although our shareholder have indicated continuing financial support for the company (see Note 1 to the Financial Statements included with this Prospectus), our continued existence is dependent upon our obtaining necessary funds or generating a sufficient revenue source. As a result of this going concern qualification, we may encounter difficulties in obtaining debt or equity financing or in obtaining financing on favorable terms. These and other factors create an uncertainty about our ability to continue as a going concern, which may cause you to lose your entire investment in our shares. The Company was organized on May 24, 2010, has limited operations, and may not become profitable. To date, our business has been the development of a business plan and the negotiation of a Sales Agency Agreement for a manufacturer of building construction machinery, located in the PRC. See “Business – Sales Agency Agreement.” We also intend to offer project consulting services to the construction industry but have not developed a business plan for this activity. As of the date of this Prospectus, we have earned no commissions on sales or fees for consulting services. We will need additional funds to develop and implement a marketing plan, as the costs thereof will not be borne by the manufacturing company. Therefore, you have no historical performance upon which to evaluate our business prospects. Accordingly, before investing, you should consider the challenges, expenses and difficulties that we will face as an early stage company. We will need significant additional capital, which we may be unable to obtain; should we fail to obtain sufficient financing, the business will be adversely affected. The Company estimates that up to $250,000 will be needed over the next twelve months to implement a marketing program under the Sales Agency Agreement, and continue operations. However, we may be unable to obtain financing in the amounts needed or on terms acceptable to us, if at all, which will negatively affect our ability to sustain operations. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations; Plan of Operations,” below. In addition, to enhance the commercial relationship with SZIG, we may guarantee, for the benefit of SZIG, a customer’s contract to purchase a SZIG product. The value to the Company, in terms of furthering the business relationship with SZIG, is not predicted. However, if we are required to honor, but cannot fund, the guarantee, our relationship with SZIG could be impaired and could result in SZIG terminating the Sales Agency Agreement. The Company will face formidable competition in the market for machinery used in building construction. There are numerous companies that manufacture machinery for the building construction industry. Some of SZIG’s competitors’ products have an overall design and capacity which are functionally similar to those made by SZIG (our principal under the Sales Agency Agreement). Some of these companies are based in the PRC, others are located in Japan, Korea and other countries in Asia, and still others are based in North America and the European Union. Many of these competitors have established distribution and/or sales agent networks, and provide financing to purchasers. It will be difficult for us to make any meaningful penetration into the global market. Additionally, the Agreement precludes us from operating in Brazil and the PRC, which are large markets for products such as those made by SZIG. Our business could be adversely affected by downturns in the construction industry. The global economic crisis is a persistent threat to the construction industry. Construction activity has increased significantly in the PRC, but (with limited exceptions) that country is outside our territory under the Sales Agency Agreement. Although we believe SZIG’s products are very competitive in design and cost against non-PRC based manufacturers, the construction industry’s recovery in our territory is dependent on the cost of capital to project developers and contractors. Continued capital constraints will make our business more difficult, despite the cost advantages of SZIG’s products. 5 Our shareholders will have limited or no input on management decisions. Mr. Sun Hongyi, President, CEO and a director, owns 85% of our stock. Even if Mr. Sun Hongyi and other existing shareholders (including the other two officers) sell all of the shares registered for sale under the registration statement (of which this Prospectus is a part), he will continue to control the voting stock with ownership of 60.35% . Therefore, as a minority shareholder, you will have no or limited say in management of the Company. Unless you are willing to entrust all aspects of our business and operations to our officers, you should not invest in the shares. The Company’s business will be substantially dependent on SZIG. The Company’s business presently is dependent on one source – SZIG. Our present business focus is on marketing SZIG products. Under the Sales Agency Agreement, we are precluded from marketing or otherwise being involved with products made by other companies. We would be directly and adversely impacted if competitive pressures and/or PRC or global economic conditions (including those related to currency fluctuations between the RMB currency in the PRC and US dollars or the Euro, that increase product prices), adversely affect SZIG’s operations, increase the prices of its products, or lead to delayed delivery of products. Additionally, the Agreement has a term of two years, continuing thereafter unless either party elects to terminate. There is no assurance the Agreement would continue past two years, which means we will have a limited period of time to develop the marketing plan and generate revenues sufficient to persuade SZIG to continue the Agreement past its primary term. Should we lose the services of our key executives, the business would be negatively impacted. We depend upon the services of our key executives, Mr. Sun Hongyi, President and CEO, who has significant experience in the marketing of industrial machinery made in the PRC, Mr. Shen Peng, Secretary, who has general administration experience, and Mr. Sin Qihua, Treasurer, who has worked as an accountant in the mining sector. We do not maintain key man life insurance on these men, and the Company does not have employment agreements with any of them. Should we lose their services, it not likely we would be able to replace them with equally competent and experienced personnel, particularly in view of the Company’s limited capitalization. Risks Related to Doing Business in China Certain important certificates, permits, and licenses are subject to PRC governmental control and renewal, and the failure to obtain renewal would adversely impact our business. Doing business in the PRC is subject to compliance with numerous permits and licenses. Our licences and permits, and those required of SZIG, must be complied with and renewed periodically. During the application or renewal process, businesses will be evaluated and re-evaluated by the appropriate governmental authorities and must comply with the prevailing standards and regulations, which may change from time to time. In the event that we or SZIG are not able to obtain or renew the certificates, permits and licenses, all or part of our and/or SZIG’s PRC operations may be suspended by the government, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Furthermore, if escalating compliance costs associated with governmental standards and regulations restrict or prohibit any part of our or SZIG’s operations, it may adversely affect our results of operations and profitability. Uncertainties with respect to the PRC legal system could limit the legal protections available to you and us. We conduct substantially all of our business through our operating subsidiary in the PRC, which is a wholly foreign owned enterprise in China, and, as such, it is generally subject to laws and regulations applicable to foreign invested enterprises in China. The PRC legal system is based on written statutes, and prior court decisions may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value. Since 1979, a series of new PRC laws and regulations have significantly enhanced the protections afforded to intellectual property rights and various forms of foreign investments in China. However, since these laws and regulations are relatively new and the PRC legal system continues to rapidly evolve, the interpretations of many laws, regulations and rules are not always uniform and enforcement of these laws, regulations and rules involve uncertainties, which may limit legal protections available to you and us. In addition, any litigation in China may be protracted and result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. 6 As our operating subsidiary, and all of our assets, are located outside the United States, it will be extremely difficult to acquire jurisdiction and enforce liabilities against the Company and our officers, directors and assets based in China. Although the Company is a Delaware corporation, all our officers and directors reside outside of the United States. and all our assets will be located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult or impossible to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or officers and our subsidiary, or enforce against any of them court judgments obtained in United States’ courts, including judgments relating to United States federal securities laws. In addition, there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of the PRC would recognize or enforce judgments of United States’ courts obtained against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States, or be have jurisdiction to hear original actions brought in the United States predicated upon the securities laws of the United States. Furthermore, because all of our assets are located in the PRC, it would also be extremely difficult to access those assets to satisfy an award entered against us in United States court. We may be unable to establish and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, and as a result we may be unable to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. The PRC historically has been deficient in western style management, governance and financial reporting concepts and practices, and other control systems. Our current management has little experience with western style management, governance and financial reporting concepts and practices, and we may have difficulty in hiring and retaining a sufficient number of qualified employees to work in the PRC. As a result of these factors, and especially given that we will be (upon registration with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) a publicly listed company in the U.S. and subject to regulation as such, we may experience difficulty in establishing management, governance, legal and financial controls, collecting financial data and preparing financial statements, books of account and corporate records, and instituting business practices that meet western standards. We may have difficulty establishing adequate management, governance, legal and financial controls in the PRC, where operations will be conducted through our wholly-owned subsidiary. Therefore, we may, in turn, experience difficulties in implementing and maintaining adequate internal controls as required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other applicable laws, rules and regulations. This may result in significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal controls which could impact the reliability of our financial statements and prevent us from complying with SEC rules and regulations and the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Any such deficiencies, weaknesses or lack of compliance could have a materially adverse effect on our business and the public announcement of such deficiencies could adversely impact our stock price. Risks Related to this Offering We have arbitrarily determined the offering price and terms of the common stock shares being offered through this Prospectus. The twenty-five cents ($0.25) offering price of the common stock shares has been arbitrarily determined and bears no relationship to our assets or book value, or other investment or valuation criteria. No independent counsel or appraiser has valued our common stock shares. Accordingly, there is no basis upon which to determine whether the offering price is indicative of the real underlying value, if any, of the shares offered by the selling shareholders. The common stock shares being offered in this Prospectus are an illiquid investment. There is presently no market for the common stock shares that the selling shareholders are offering, and we cannot be certain that a public market will become available, or that there will be sufficient liquidity to allow for their sale or transferability within the near future, or at all. Although we intend to obtain a quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board, there is no assurance that we will be successful. Even if we are successful, there is no assurance that a sufficiently active market will develop to sell your shares. Accordingly, the purchase of the shares must be considered a long term investment and only for investors who can tolerate the loss of their entire investment. 7 Because we do not expect to pay dividends for the foreseeable future, investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our common stock. We intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance our business. As a result, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Our payment of any future dividends will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors after considering whether we have generated sufficient revenues, our financial condition, operating results, cash needs, growth plans and other factors. Accordingly, investors that are seeking cash dividends should not purchase our common stock. Because we will be subject to the “Penny Stock” rules once our shares are quoted on the over-the-counter bulletin board, the level of trading activity in our stock may be reduced. Broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in “penny stocks” are regulated by penny stock rules adopted by the SEC. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than $5.00 (other than securities registered on some national securities exchanges or quoted on Nasdaq). The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer’s presumed control over the market, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer’s account. In addition, broker-dealers who sell these securities to persons other than established customers and “accredited investors” must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser’s written agreement to the transaction. Consequently, these requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity, if any, in the secondary market for a security subject to the penny stock rules, and investors in our common stock may find it difficult to sell their shares. NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS We have made statements in this Prospectus, including under “Prospectus Summary,” “Risk Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations; Plan of Operations,” “Business” and elsewhere that constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements about our plans, objectives, expectations, assumptions or future events. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as “anticipate,” “estimate,” “plan,” “project,” “continuing,” “ongoing,” “expect,” “we believe,” “we intend,” “may,” “should,” “will,” “could” and similar expressions denoting uncertainty or an action that may, will or is expected to occur in the future. These statements involve estimates, assumptions, known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include: · the timing of the development of future products; · projections of revenue, earnings, capital structure and other financial items; · statements of our plans and objectives; · statements regarding the capabilities of our business operations; · statements of expected future economic performance; · statements regarding competition in our market; and · assumptions underlying statements regarding us or our business. The ultimate correctness of these forward-looking statements depends upon a number of known and unknown risks and events. We discuss our known material risks under the heading “Risk Factors” above. Many factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 8 USE OF PROCEEDS We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares offered by the selling shareholders. The principal reason for this offering is to register the shares on behalf of our selling shareholders and to become a voluntary SEC reporting company. DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE We have arbitrarily determined the offering price and it does not bear any relationship to our assets, results of operations, or book value, or to any other generally accepted valuation criteria. Prior to this offering, there has been no market for our securities. In order to assure that selling shareholders will offer their shares at $0.25 per share until our shares are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, we will notify our shareholders and our Transfer Agent that no sales will be allowed prior to the date our shares are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board without proof of the selling price. DILUTION Not applicable. We are not offering any shares in this registration statement. All shares are being registered on behalf of the selling shareholders. SELLING SHAREHOLDERS The selling shareholders named below (who are all of our shareholders) are selling the securities. The table assumes that all of the securities indicated will be sold in this offering. However, any or all of the securities listed below may be retained by any of the selling shareholders. We are registering a total of 158,600 Shares, which represents 39.65% of the shares held by the selling shareholders and 39.65% of the shares issued and outstanding as of June 18, 2010. We believe that the selling shareholders listed in the table have sole voting and investment powers regarding the securities indicated. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the securities by the selling shareholders. None of our selling shareholders is or has been affiliated with a broker-dealer. Total Shares Shares Percent Percent Name Owned Registered Before Offering After Offering Sun Hongyi (1) 341,400 100,000 85.25 % 60.35 % Sun Qihua (1) 400 400 * -0- Shen Peng (1) 400 400 * -0- Duan Wenbo 12,000 12,000 3.00 % -0- Duan Zhongwei 4,000 4,000 * -0- Li Xinlian 3,600 3,600 * -0- Tian Huchang 200 200 * -0- Liu Jinhai 200 200 * -0- Yue Guangren 200 200 * -0- Duan Wenhua 200 200 * -0- Liu Hengzhi 200 200 * -0- Duan Wenguang 200 200 * -0- Li Huaifu 200 200 * -0- Liu Taishan 200 200 * -0- Chen Yubo 200 200 * -0- Liu Yongjiang 200 200 * -0- Sun Lizhong 200 200 * -0- Star Wealth Development Limited(2) 16,000 16,000 4.00 % -0- Sparkle Fame Investments Limited(3) 12,000 12,000 3.00 % -0- Starise Consultants Limited(4) 8,000 8,000 2.00 % -0- 400,000 15,600 100.00 % 60.35 % 9 (1) Mr. Sun Hongyi is President, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer, and a Director, of the Company. Mr. Shen Peng is Secretary of the Company, and Mr. Sun Qihua is Treasurer of the Company. (2) Mr. Wong Hin Wing is president and sole shareholder of Star Wealth Development Limited. He is not related to any other shareholders of the Company, nor is he a shareholder in SZIG. He is the husband of Poon Wing Ha. (3) Ms. Poon Wing Ha is the president and sole shareholder of Sparkle Fame Investments Limited. She is not related to any other shareholders of the Company, nor is she a shareholder in SZIG. Her husband is Mr. Wong Hin Wing. (4) Ms. Xu Lijuan is the president and sole shareholder of Starise Consultants Limited. She is not related to any other shareholders of the Company, nor is she a shareholder in SZIG. * Assuming sale of all shares registered hereunder. State Laws Concerning Trading Our common stock holders and persons who desire to purchase our common stock shares in any trading market that may develop should be aware that there may be significant state law restrictions upon the ability of investors to resell our shares. Accordingly, even if we are successful in having the Shares available for trading on the OTCBB, investors should consider any secondary market for our securities to be a limited one. We intend to seek coverage and publication of information about us in an accepted publication which permits a “manual exemption”. This manual exemption permits a security to be distributed in a particular state without being registered if the company issuing the security has a listing for that security in a securities manual recognized by the state. However, it is not enough for the security to be listed in a recognized manual. The listing entry must contain: (1) the names of issuers, officers, and directors; (2) an issuer’s balance sheet; and (3) a profit and loss statement for either the fiscal year preceding the balance sheet or for the most recent fiscal year of operations. We may be unable to secure a listing containing all of this information. Furthermore, the manual exemption is a non issuer exemption restricted to secondary trading transactions, making it unavailable for issuers selling newly issued securities. Most of the accepted manuals are those published in Standard and Poor’s, Moody’s Investor Service, Fitch’s Investment Service, and Best’s Insurance Reports and many states expressly recognize these manuals, a smaller number of states declare that they “recognize securities manuals” but do not specify the recognized manuals. The following states do not have any provisions and therefore do not expressly recognize the manual exemption: Alabama, Georgia, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana, Montana, South Dakota, Tennessee, Vermont and Wisconsin. PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION Our common stock is currently not quoted on any market. No market may ever develop for our common stock, or if developed, may not be sustained in the future. Accordingly, our shares should be considered illiquid, which inhibits investors’ ability to resell their shares. 10 Selling shareholders are offering up to 158,600 shares of common stock. The selling shareholders will offer their shares at $0.25 per share until our shares are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, if ever, and thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. We will not receive proceeds from the sale of shares from the selling shareholders. The securities offered by this Prospectus will be sold by the selling shareholders. We are not aware of any underwriting arrangements that have been entered into by the selling shareholders. The distribution of the securities by the selling shareholders may be effected in one or more transactions that may take place in the over-the-counter market, including broker’s transactions or privately negotiated transactions. The selling shareholders will act independently of us in making decisions with respect to the timing, manner, and size of each sale or sale related transfer. A Selling Shareholder may also resell all of any portion of the Shares which qualify for sale pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act rather than pursuant to this Prospectus. The selling shareholders may pledge all or a portion of the securities owned as collateral for margin accounts or in loan transactions, and the securities may be resold according to the terms of such pledges, margin accounts or loan transactions. Upon default by such selling shareholders, the pledge in such loan transaction would have the same rights of sale as the selling shareholders under this Prospectus. After our securities are qualified for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board, the selling shareholders may also transfer securities owned in other ways not involving market makers or established trading markets, including directly by gift, distribution, or other transfer without consideration, and upon any such transfer the transferee would have the same rights of sale as such selling shareholders under this Prospectus. Our common stock is not listed on any national securities exchange or the NASDAQ stock market, nor is it quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board or any other quotation medium. A registered broker-dealer has submitted an application for a quotation of our common stock on the OTC Bulletin Board, and following the effective date of the registration statement (of which this Prospectus is a part), we will file a Form 8-A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to register the Company’s common stock under such Act. However, there is no assurance that our securities will ever become qualified for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board. In addition to the above, each of the selling shareholders will be affected by the applicable provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including, without limitation, Regulation M, which may limit the timing of purchases and sales of any of the securities by the selling shareholders or any such other person. We have instructed our selling shareholders that they may not purchase any of our securities while they are selling shares under the registration statement. Upon such registration statement being declared effective, the selling shareholders may offer and sell their shares from time to time until all of the shares registered are sold; however, this offering may not extend beyond two years from the initial effective date of the registration statement. There can be no assurances that the selling shareholders will sell any or all of the securities. In various states, the securities may not be sold unless these securities have been registered or qualified for sale in such state or an exemption from registration or qualification is available and is complied with. All of the foregoing may affect the marketability of our securities. We will pay all the fees and expenses associated with the registration of resale of the securities covered by this Prospectus. Should any substantial change occur regarding the status or other matters concerning the selling shareholders or us, we will file a post-effective amendment to the registration statement disclosing such matters. OTC Bulletin Board Considerations To be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, a market maker must file an application on our behalf in order to make a market for our common stock. We anticipate that after this registration statement is declared effective, market makers will enter “piggyback” quotes and our securities will thereafter trade on the OTC Bulletin Board. 11 The OTC Bulletin Board is separate and distinct from the NASDAQ stock market. NASDAQ has no business relationship with issuers of securities quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. The SEC’s order handling rules, which apply to NASDAQ-listed securities, do not apply to securities quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. Although the NASDAQ stock market has rigorous listing standards to ensure the high quality of its issuers, and can delist issuers for not meeting those standards, the OTC Bulletin Board has no listing standards. Rather, it is the market maker who chooses to quote a security on the system, files the application, and is obligated to comply with keeping information about the issuer in its files. FINRA cannot deny an application by a market maker to quote the stock of a company. The only requirement for inclusion in the OTC Bulletin Board is that the issuer be current in its SEC reporting requirements. Investors may have greater difficulty in getting orders filled because it is anticipated that if our stock trades on a public market, it will trade on the OTC Bulletin Board rather than on NASDAQ. Investors’ orders may be filled at a price much different than expected when an order is placed. Trading activity in general is not conducted as efficiently and effectively as with NASDAQ-listed securities. Investors must contact a broker-dealer to trade OTC Bulletin Board securities. Investors do not have direct access to the bulletin board service. For bulletin board securities, there only has to be one market maker. OTC Bulletin Board transactions are conducted almost entirely manually. Because there are no automated systems for negotiating trades on the Bulletin Board, they are conducted by telephone. In times of heavy market volume, the limitations of this process may result in a significant increase in the time it takes to execute investor orders. Therefore, when investors place market orders for an order to buy or sell a specific number of shares at the current market price, the price of a stock may go up or down significantly during the lapse of time between placing a market order and getting execution. Because OTC Bulletin Board stocks are usually not followed by analysts, there may be lower trading volume than for NASDAQ-listed securities. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We are not aware of any pending or threatened legal proceedings in which we or our assets are involved. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES The following description is a summary of the material terms of the provisions of our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. Because we have adopted short-form Articles of Incorporation, the summary of certain matters reflects the application of certain provisions in the Delaware General Corporation Law where articles of incorporation do not otherwise provide. The Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws have been filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this Prospectus is a part. Common Stock We have 1,000,000 authorized shares of common stock with $0.001 par value. As of the date of this Prospectus, there are 400,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. All shares are equal to each other with respect to voting, liquidation and dividend rights. Holders of voting shares are entitled to one vote for each share that they own at any shareholders’ meeting. Each share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote, either in person or by proxy, at meetings of shareholders. The holders are not permitted to vote their shares cumulatively. The vote of the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock entitled to vote thereon is sufficient to authorize, affirm, ratify or consent to such act or action, except as otherwise provided by law. Accordingly, the shareholders of our common stock who hold, in the aggregate, more than fifty percent of the total voting rights can elect all of our directors and, in such event, the holders of the remaining minority shares will not be able to elect any of the such directors. Holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends, if any, as may be declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available. We have not paid any dividends since our inception, and we presently anticipate that all earnings, if any, will be retained for development of our business. Any future disposition of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon, among other things, our future earnings, operating and financial condition, capital requirements, and other factors. 12 No options or warrants to purchase common stock are outstanding. Holders of our common stock have no preemptive rights or other subscription rights, conversion rights, redemption or sinking fund provisions. Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of our common stock will be entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available for distribution to shareholders after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities. There are not any provisions in our Articles of Incorporation or our Bylaws that would prevent or delay change in our control. There is no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights or privileges with respect to any shares. Preferred Stock The Company is not authorized to issue preferred stock. EXPERTS Our balance sheet as of June 15, 2010 and the related statement of operations, stockholders’ deficit, and cash flows for the period from May 24, 2010 (inception) to June 15, 2010 were audited by HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Chartered Accountants and Certified Public Accountants, and are included in this Prospectus in reliance upon their experience in accounting and auditing. LEGAL MATTERS The legality of the shares offered under the registration statement of which this Prospectus is a part is being passed upon by the Law Office of Stephen E. Rounds, Denver, Colorado. DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES LIABILITIES The Delaware General Corporation Law contain provisions which allow corporations to indemnify any person against liabilities and other expenses incurred as the result of defending or administering any pending or anticipated legal issue in connection with service to us if it is determined that person acted in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed was in the best interest of the corporation. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable. BUSINESS Introduction We were incorporated in Delaware on May 24, 2010, at which time we commenced operations. We are a development stage company. We have not earned any revenues, or sold any products or services, as of the date of this Prospectus. Our corporate structure is as set forth below. Hongkong Zhongwenbo International Group Company Limited is shown as a subsidiary for purposes of this Prospectus. Please see “Sales Agency Agreement” below for details on the timing of the official registration of this entity. Zhong Wen International Holding Co., Ltd. [a Delaware corporation, referred to as the “Company” in this Prospectus] Hongkong Zhongwenbo International Group Company Limited [a Hong Kong company, referred to as “ Zhongwenbo, ” wholly-owned by the Company] 13 In the near future, we may organize a wholly foreign-owned enterprise (a “ WFOE ”) under PRC law, which would be a wholly-owned subsidiary of Zhongwenbo (our current wholly-owned subsidiary), and cause Zhongwenbo to assign its rights under the Sales Agency Agreement (see below) to the WFOE. This strategy would be in compliance with PRC law and allow Zhongwenbo, and therefore the Company, to benefit from certain pro-business policies in the PRC. We do not expect this piece of corporate reorganization to adversely impact the Company. The Company’s business is selling, as agent under a Sales Agency Agreement with Shandong Zhongwen Industrial Group Co. Limited (“ SZIG, ” a PRC company), machinery for construction projects, and the providing of related consulting services to the construction industry. SZIG (organized in 1958, and located at Damu Village, Miaozi Town, Qingzhou City, Shandong Province. PRC) is engaged principally in the mining and sale of iron ore, precision casting, and the manufacture of construction equipment (concrete mixing plants, concrete pumps, tower cranes, concrete mixers and batchers, cement loaders, and similar products). Its products are sold in nearly 30 cities and provinces in the PRC, and also are exported to the Middle East, the European Union, the United States, Africa, and other areas. SZIG’s principal facilities cover approximately 1,300 acres (including a building of 100,000 square meters), with approximately 1,500 employees, of whom 56 are middle management and eight are senior engineers. Sales Agency Agreement The organizers of Zhongwenbo (referred to below as the “ Agent ”) have negotiated final terms of a Sales Agency Agreement with SZIG. The following is a summary of principal terms of the Agreement as negotiated. We have filed articles of incorporation in Hong Kong, and expect the official registry of Zhongwenbo as a corporation to be issued on about June 25, 2010. The summary is qualified by reference to the form of Agreement which has been filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this Prospectus is a part, and assumes no change in the Agreement. When the official registry notification of Zhongwenbo commencing legal existence is issued, the Agreement will be executed, and Zhongwenbo immediately thereafter will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Agency, Territory and Term : The Agent is the exclusive agent for sale of designated SZIG products, in all areas except Brazil and the PRC, though Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan are not excluded (which areas as so limited are referred to as the “Territory”), for a period of two years. After expiration of the primary term, the Agreement will continue until terminated by either party. Termination : Either party may terminate the Agreement after notice to the other of breach of terms, subject to a 30 day cure period, Termination also may be effected by a party if the other party ceases business, enters into an arrangement with creditors, or enters into insolvency proceedings. Products and Compensation : The Agreement specifies the SZIG products which the Agent may sell in the Territory (prices below are subject to change in SZIG’s discretion). Tower Crane – Model No. QTC 63C – An upper-slewing fixed type light crane, suitable for many industrial and civil applications. Average price approximately $47, 250. Concrete Mixing Station – Model No. HZS HLS - A set of batching machines to mix concrete material for construction. Average price approximately $242,950. Concrete Pump – Model No. HBT 80 – A concrete pump which is widely used in infrastructure and building construction. Average price approximately $4,100. SZIG is to pay the Agent a commission equal to five percent of the net sales value of each product sold (equal to amount charged the customer less value added or other tax included in the sales price). At Agent’s election, it may guarantee to SZIG the performance of a customer’s purchase order, but a guarantee shall not cover customer’s performance failure caused by SZIG’s default. 14 Marketing and Local Compliance : All costs and expenses of the Agent’s marketing SZIG’s products in the Territory will be borne by the Agent, and all promotional and advertising materials are subject to SZIG’s approval. The Agent will be responsible for obtaining local permits and licenses its activities. Consulting Services We intend to offer consulting services to prospective customers for the SZIG products, and possibly other customers, in the construction industry. These services would relate to the analysis and integration of planning the costs and components of a project, as well as procurement of material and equipment. The scope and cost of services will be tailored to each engagement. Marketing The Company’s marketing strategy will target those companies engaged in the civil and commercial construction industry in the Territory, beginning with persons with whom the President of the Company has had prior dealings (see “Management” below), and advertisements in engineering and civil construction magazines, local newspapers, and Internet advertising. We do not presently intend to retain a marketing company, but may do so in the future. Employees We have three employees at present: Mr. Sun Hongyi, President and Chief Executive Officer , and Chief Financial Officer ; Mr. Shen Peng, Secretary, and Mr. Sun Qihua, Treasurer. Each of these persons devotes full time to the Company. We may hire additional employees and/or retain consultants in the future, depending on business volume. Office Facilities The Company intends to lease office space for approximately $ 2,000 per month, either on a monthly or annual basis, located in Hong Kong. We do not have a lease in place as of the date of this Prospectus. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS; PLAN OF OPERATIONS Cautionary Statement The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the balance sheet as of June 15 , 2010 and the financial statements for the period May 24, 2010 (Inception) to June 15, 2010, included in this Prospectus. The discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements, based on current expectations with respect to future events and financial performance and operating results, which statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those discussed below and elsewhere in this Prospectus that could cause actual results to differ from the results contemplated by these forward looking statements. We urge you to carefully consider all of the information set forth in this Prospectus, including “Risk Factors.” Overview We are an early stage development business and we do not expect to generate revenues, if ever, until the first quarter of 2011. We are currently focused on and committed to developing sales of certain construction industry machinery, as agent under a Sales Agency Agreement with Shandong Zhongwen Industrial Group Co. Limited (“ SZIG ”). In order to commence revenue generating operations, we will need to initiate a marketing strategy and begin selling SZIG products. We also will have to initiate marketing of consulting services to the civil and commercial construction industry, which is expected to include some the same companies to be targeted for selling SZIG products. 15 It is possible that pursuant to PRC law and implementing regulations, the Company will receive certain monetary benefits, including tax credits, from the Company’s registration of its common stock under the 1934 Act (following the effective date of the registration statement, of which this Prospectus is a part), and approval for trading on the OTC Bulletin Board. However, receipt of such benefits and tax credits is not assured, nor is such receipt predictable as to timing or amounts. If such receipts are realized, they will be reflected in our periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission following the effective date of the registration statement (see “Reports to Shareholders” below). Results of operations For the period from May 24, 2010 (Inception) to June 15, 2010, we have not generated any revenues and incurred a net loss of $3,718. During this period, our expenses related to organization of the Company and preparation of our business plan and negotiation of terms of the Sales Agency Agreement with SZIG. Liquidity At June 15, 2010, we had $36,217 cash to support operations. As of the date of this Prospectus, we have no cash remaining to continue operations. Contractual Obligations At June 15, 2010, we had no debt or capital lease or purchase obligations or long term liabilities, and no operating lease obligations. Going Concern We have incurred net losses and losses from operations and we expect that we will continue to have negative cash flows as we implement our business plan. There can be no assurance that our continuing efforts to execute our business plan will be successful and that we will be able to continue as a going concern. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, which contemplate our continuation as a going concern. We currently do not have cash to sustain operations for the next twelve months and we will require additional financing in order to execute the business plan and continue as a going concern. The recent economic downturn and related credit and financial market crisis may adversely affect our ability to obtain financing, conduct our operations and realize opportunities to sell products. In the event that financing does not materialize, we may be unable to continue as a going concern. Critical Accounting Policies Our critical accounting policies, including the assumptions and judgments underlying them, are disclosed in the Notes to the Financial Statements. Uncertainties and Trends Our operations and possible revenues principally are dependent upon signing up customers to buy SZIG’s machinery products, and to a lesser extent, on engaging parties for our consulting services. Off-balance Sheet Arrangements We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. Plan of Operations Our Plan of Operations for the twelve months following the date of this Prospectus is contingent upon receiving financing in the approximate amount of $ 250,000 , which would be applied as set forth below. We have no commitments or assurances that we will successful in obtaining adequate financing. 16 General Administrative Expenses $ 80 , 00 0 - Office lease (12 months at approximately $ 2 , 000 per month); purchase or lease of telecommunication and computer equipment(approximately $ 2 3 , 000 ); office furniture (approximately ($ 18, 600 ); and an additional (secretarial) employee (approximately $ 1,2 00 monthly). Marketing $ 7 7 , 000 - Travel and entertainment (approximately $ 6 2 , 000 ), and advertising (approximately $ 15, 000 ). Other $93,000 - Professional fees ($50,000); Miscellan e ous ($43,000) Total $ 2 5 0 , 00 0 The foregoing estimate assumes no revenues in the twelve month period. TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PERSONS, PROMOTERS AND CERTAIN CONTROL PERSONS We sold 400,000 shares of restricted common stock to our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer , and to our Treasurer, and to our Secretary, and other persons, at a price of $0.10 per share. The price to the officers was not negotiated at arms-length, however, the other investors paid the same price per share. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Market Information There is no established public trading market for our securities and a regular trading market may not develop, or if developed, may not be sustained. A shareholder in all likelihood, therefore, will not be able to resell his or her securities should he or he desire to do so. We have no plans, proposals, arrangements, or understandings with any person with regard to the development of a trading market in any of our securities. Penny Stock Considerations Our shares will be “penny stocks” as that term is generally defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to mean equity securities with a price of less than $5.00. Our shares thus will be subject to rules that impose sales practice and disclosure requirements on broker-dealers who engage in certain transactions involving a penny stock. Under the penny stock regulations, a broker-dealer selling a penny stock to anyone other than an established customer or accredited investor must make a special suitability determination regarding the purchaser and must receive the purchaser’s written consent to the transaction prior to the sale. Generally, an individual with a net worth in excess of $1,000,000 or annual income exceeding $200,000 individually or $300,000 together with his or her spouse is considered an accredited investor. In addition, under the penny stock regulations the broker-dealer is required to: · Deliver, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the penny stock market, unless the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt; · Disclose commissions payable to the broker-dealer and our registered representatives and current bid and offer quotations for the securities; · Send monthly statements disclosing recent price information pertaining to the penny stock held in a customer’s account, the account’s value and information regarding the limited market in penny stocks; and · Make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser’s written agreement to the transaction, prior to conducting any penny stock transaction in the customer’s account. Because of these regulations, broker-dealers may encounter difficulties in their attempt to sell shares of our common stock, which may affect the ability of selling shareholders or other holders to sell their shares in the secondary market and have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market. These additional sales practice and disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our securities, if our securities become publicly traded. In addition, the liquidity for our securities may be decreased, with a corresponding decrease in the price of our securities. Our shares in all probability will be subject to such penny stock rules and our shareholders will, in all likelihood, find it difficult to sell their securities. 17 Holders As of the date of this Prospectus, we have 20 holders of record of our common stock. Dividend Policy Holders of our common stock are entitled to dividends if declared by our Board of Directors out of funds legally available for payment of dividends. From our inception to the date of this Prospectus, we have not declared any cash dividends on our common stock since and do we not anticipate paying such dividends in the foreseeable future. We plan to retain any future earnings for use in our business. Any decisions as to future payments of dividends will depend on our earnings and financial position and such other facts, as the Board of Directors deems relevant. Equity Compensation Plans As of the date of this Prospectus, we do not have any equity compensation plans. Transfer Agent and Registrar The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A., with principal offices at 250 Royall Street, Canton, Massachusetts 02021. Reports to Shareholders As a result of the registration statement (of which this Prospectus is a part) becoming effective, we will be required under Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to file periodic and Form 8-K reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission through December 31, 2010, including a Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010. However, upon the registration statement being declared effective, we will file a Form 8-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register our common stock under Section 12(g) of the 1934 Act, and, pursuant to such registration, we will be required to continue filing such reports, as well as proxy or information statements under Section 14 of the 1934 Act, and our officers, directors, and more-than-ten percent shareholders will be required to file ownership reports under Section 16 of the 1934 Act. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS, AND CONTROL PERSONS Our Board of Directors elects our executive officers annually. A majority vote of the directors who are in office is required to fill vacancies. Each director shall serve until his successor is elected and qualified, or until his earlier resignation or removal. Our Bylaws require only one director, however, additional director positions may be created by the Board of Directors at any time. Election of each director requires a plurality of the votes cast. 18 Name Age Office Mr. Sun Hongyi 41 From inception of the Company, President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer , Director Mr. Sun Qihua 28 From inception of the Company, Treasurer Mr. Shen Peng 25 From inception of the Company, Secretary Mr. Sun Hongyi has 23 years of experience as Deputy Technical Manager at Qingzhou Tongli Machinery Co. Ltd, in the areas of research and development, and the manufacturing and distribution of machinery for building construction and construction of various infrastructures. He received his MBA in July 2009 from the Market Economy Academy at Peking University. Mr. Sun Qihua was an accountant at Quingzhou Haozhang Foundry Co. Ltd. from July 2004 until inception of the Company. He attended the Qingzhou Accounting Polytechnic School from 1998 to 2000. Mr. Shen Peng was Corporate Secretary for Quingzhou Huaxia Zhongwen Mining Co. Ltd. from October 2006 to inception of the Company. He received a degree in Finance from the School of Economic and Management, Shandong Institute of Light Industry. Family Relationships and Other Matters There are no family relationships among or between any of our officers and the director. Corporate Governance and Board Committees Our Board of Directors has not established an audit, executive or director compensation committee, nominating or governance committees as standing committees or other board committee performing equivalent functions. Our Board of Directors does not have an executive committee or committees performing similar functions. Code of Ethics We have not yet adopted a Code of Ethics. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following tables set forth the ownership of our common stock by each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of our outstanding voting securities, our directors, our executive officers, and our executive officers and directors as a group. To the best of our knowledge, the persons named have sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares. Name Position Shares Owned (Percentage of Outstanding Shares) Mr. Sun Hongyi President, Chief 341,400 (85.35%) Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer , Director Mr. Sun Qihua Treasurer 400 (less than one percent) Mr. Shen Peng Secretary 400 (less than one percent) Officers and Directors as a Group (three persons) 342,200 (85.55%) 19 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Summary Compensation Table The table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our Principal Executive Officer, and our two most highly compensated executive officers other than our CEO who occupied such position as of the date of this Prospectus (we have not completed a fiscal year), for all services rendered in all capacities to us for the period from inception (May 24, 2010) to June 15, 2010. The Company does not have employment agreements with any of the persons named below (and does not presently to enter into such agreements with any such persons), and does not pay them salary or other compensation at the present time. Name and Position Year* Salary ($) Bonus ($) Stock awards ($) Option awards ($) Non-equity incentive plan compensation ($) Change in pension value and nonqualified deferred compensation earnings ($) All other compensation ($) Total ($) (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) (g) (h) (i) (j) Sun Hongyi Pres., CEO, CFO , Director * -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- SunQihua, Treasurer * -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- Shen Peng, Secretary * -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- * For period from inception (May 24, 2010) to June 15, 2010 Code of Ethics We have not yet adopted a Code of Ethics. Option Grants We did not grant any options or stock appreciation rights to our named executive officers or directors from our inception to the date of this Prospectus. As of the date of this Prospectus, we did not have any stock option plans. Compensation of Directors Our directors did not receive any compensation for their services as directors from our inception to the date of this Prospectus. We have no formal plan for compensating our directors for their services in the future in their capacity as directors. Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits to directors or executive officers. We have no material bonus or profit sharing plans in which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except for employment agreements with our executive officers, which provide that our executive officers may be awarded bonuses awarded by our Board of Directors. 20 Compensation Committee We do not currently have a compensation committee of the Board of Directors or a committee performing similar functions. WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION We have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement on Form S-1. This Prospectus does not contain all of the information set forth in the registration statement. Following the effective date of the registration statement, and the filing of the Form 8-A as described above, we will file periodic reports and make other filings. The registration statement and exhibits filed therewith (and filings made after the Company is registered under the 1934 Act) may be inspected, without charge, and copies may be obtained at prescribed rates, at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F St., N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The registration statement and other information filed with the SEC are also available at the web site maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. 21 PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS INDEMNIFICATION Pursuant to Section 145 of the Delaware Corporation Code, the Company, as a Delaware corporation, has the power to indemnify any person made a party to any lawsuit by reason of being a director or officer of a corporation, or serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. Our Bylaws provide that the Company shall indemnify its directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. With regard to the foregoing provisions, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the Company in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by a controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question of whether such indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and will be governed by the final adjudication of such case. OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION The following table is an itemization of all expenses, without consideration to future contingencies, incurred or expected to be incurred by the Company in connection with the issuance of the securities being offered by this Prospectus. Items marked with an asterisk (*) represent estimated expenses. We have agreed to pay all the costs and expenses of this offering. Selling shareholders will pay no offering expenses. ITEM AMOUNT SEC Registration Fee $ 3.00 Legal Fees and Expenses* $ 40,000.00 Accounting Fees and Expenses* $ 5,000.00 Miscellaneous* 0 Total* $ 45.003.00 * Estimated RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES On June 10, 2010, the Company sold 400,000 shares of common stock to 20 persons, for a price of $0.10 per share, for aggregate cash proceeds of $40,000.00. Seventeen of the investors are citizens of and resident in the PRC; three of the investors are entities organized under the laws of jurisdictions outside the United States, with the officers and shareholder of each such entity being citizens of and resident in the PRC. All shares were issued as restricted securities as that term is defined in Rule 144. The Company claims the exemption available under section 4(2) of the 1933 Act. No general solicitation was used in the offering; each investor had a previous relationship with the officers of the Company; each investor was provided, prior to the event of sale, all information about the Company sufficient for the making of an informed investment decision; and the offering was conducted only in the PRC. No commission or other compensation was paid by anyone in connection with the offering. 22 EXHIBITS Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Articles of Incorporation 3.2 Bylaws 5.1 Legal Opinion of the Law Office of Stephen E. Rounds 10.1 Form of Sales Agency Agreement 23.1 Consent of HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Chartered Accountants and Certified Public Accountants 23.2 Consent of the Law Office of Stephen E. Rounds (included in Exhibit 5.1) UNDERTAKINGS The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: 1. To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: i. To include any Prospectus required by section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; ii. To reflect in the Prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of Prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement. iii. To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; 2. That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. 23 3. To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. 4. That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities: The undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: i. Any preliminary Prospectus or Prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; ii. Any free writing Prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; iii. The portion of any other free writing Prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and iv. Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. 5. That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser: Each Prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than Prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or Prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or Prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or Prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in the Peoples Republic of China, on June 21, 2010. Zhong Wen International Holding Co., Ltd. /s/ Sun Hongyi Sun Hongyi, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement was signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates stated: Sun Hongyi, Sole Director 24 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Zhong Wen International Holding Co., Ltd. We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Zhong Wen International Holding Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) as of June 15, 2010, and the related statements of income, shareholders’ equity and comprehensive income, cash flows for the period from May 24, 2010 (date of incorporation) to June 15, 2010. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by the management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 15, 2010, and the results of its operations and their cash flows for period ended June 15, 2010, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The accompanying consolidated financial statements were prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company has incurred operating losses and has a working capital deficiency. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. /s/ HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Chartered Accountants Certified Public Accountants Hong Kong June 21, 2010 F-1 ZHONG WEN INTERNATIONAL HOLDING CO., LTD. BALANCE SHEET AS OF JUNE 15, 2010 ASSETS Current assets: Prepayment, deposits and other receivables $ 36,217 Total current assets 36,217 TOTAL ASSETS $ 36,217 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY Current liabilities: Other payables and accruals $ 65,000 Total current liabilities 65,000 TOTAL LIABILITIES 65,000 Commitments and Contingencies Shareholders' equity Common stock Authorized: 1,000,000 shares, par value $0.001 Issued and outstanding: 400,000 shares at June 15, 2010 400 Additional paid-in-capital 39,600 Accumulated deficits (68,783 ) TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY (28,783 ) TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY $ 36,217 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-2 ZHONG WEN INTERNATIONAL HOLDING CO., LTD. STATEMENT OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD FROM MAY 24, 2010 (DATE OF INCORPORATION) TO JUNE 15, 2010 2010 General and administrative expenses $ (68,783 ) Operating loss (68,783 ) Loss before noncontrolling interests and income taxes (68,783 ) Provision for income taxes - Net loss $ (68,783 ) Loss per share Basic $ (0.172 ) Diluted $ (0.172 ) Weighted average number of common stock outstanding Basic 400,000 Diluted 400,000 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-3 ZHONG WEN INTERNATIONAL HOLDING CO., LTD. STATEMENT OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY FROM MAY 24, 2010 (DATE OF INCORPORATION) TO JUNE 15, 2010 Common stock Additional Total paid-in Accumulated shareholders’ Shares Amount capital deficit equity Balance at May 24, 2010 (date of incorporation) - $ - $ - $ - $ - Issue of shares 400,000 400 39,600 - 40,000 Comprehensive loss - - - (68,783 ) (68,783 ) Balance at June 15, 2010 400,000 $ 400 $ 39,600 $ (68,783 ) $ (28,783 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F-4 ZHONG WEN INTERNATIONAL HOLDING CO., LTD. STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FROM MAY 24, 2010 (DATE OF INCORPORATION) TO JUNE 15, 2010 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss $ (68,783 ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepayment, deposits and other receivables (36,217 ) Other payables and accrued expenses 65,000 Net cash used in operating activities (40,000 ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issue of shares 40,000 Net cash provided by financing activities 40,000 Increase in cash and cash equivalents - Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period - Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $ - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-5 ZHONG WEN INTERNATIONAL HOLDING CO., LTD. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FROM MAY 24, 2010 (DATE OF INCORPORATION TO JUNE 15, 2010) NOTE 1. NATURE OF BUSINESS Nature of Business Zhong Wen International Holding Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) was incorporated in the State of Delaware on May 24, 2010. The Company is not engaged in any business activities and has had no meaningful operations or held income producing assets since incorporation. Going Concern Uncertainty The accompanying financial statements were prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“US GAAP”), which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern. As of June 15, 2010, the Company did not have any cash and cash equivalents. The Company estimates that its cash and cash equivalents will fund its operations through the financial support from the shareholders. The shareholders have indicated their continuing support to enable the Company to meet its obligations to third parties as and when they fall due and to continue as a going concern. This projection is based on the Company’s current cost structure and the Company’s current expectations regarding operating expenses and anticipated revenues. If the Company is unable to obtain additional funds, it will not be able to sustain its operations and would be required to cease its operations and/or seek bankruptcy protection. Given the difficult current economic environment, the Company believes it will be difficult to raise additional funds and there can be no assurance as to the availability of additional financing or the terms upon which additional financing may be available. As a result of these conditions, there is substantial doubt regarding the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the possible inability of the Company to continue as a going concern. NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis of presentation The financial statements represent the accounts of the Company. The financial statements have been prepared in conformity with US GAAP. Use of estimates The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Earnings per share Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net operating results for the reporting period attributable to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing net operating results for the reporting period attributable to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents. F-6 Cash and cash equivalents The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity date of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Fair value of financial instruments The carrying amount of certain of the Company’s financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, other payables and accrued expenses, approximates fair value due to their relatively short maturity. Related party transactions A related party is generally defined as (i) any person that holds 10% or more of the Company’s securities and their immediate families, (ii) the Company’s management, (iii) someone that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Company, or (iv) anyone who can significantly influence the management or operating decisions of the Company. A transaction is considered to be a related party transaction when there is a transfer of resources or obligations between related parties. NOTE 3. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS (a) Recent accounting pronouncements adopted In June 2009, the FASB issued a standard that established the FASB ASC and amended the hierarchy of generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) such that the ASC became the single source of authoritative nongovernmental U.S. GAAP. The ASC did not change current U.S. GAAP, but was intended to simplify user access to all authoritative U.S. GAAP by providing all the authoritative literature related to a particular topic in one place. All previously existing accounting standard documents were superseded and all other accounting literature not included in the ASC is considered non-authoritative. New accounting standards issued subsequent to June 30, 2009 are communicated by the FASB through Accounting Standards Updates (“ASUs”). For the Company, the ASC was effective July 1, 2009. This standard did not have an impact on the Company’s results of operations or financial condition. However, throughout the notes to the financial statements references that were previously made to various former authoritative U.S. GAAP pronouncements were changed to coincide with the appropriate section of the ASC. (b) Recent accounting pronouncements not yet effective In January 2010, the FASB issued ASU No. 2010-6, Improving Disclosures About Fair Value Measurements, that amends existing disclosure requirements under ASC 820 by adding required disclosures about items transferring into and out of levels 1 and 2 in the fair value hierarchy; adding separate disclosures about purchase, sales, issuances, and settlements relative to level 3 measurements; and clarifying, among other things, the existing fair value disclosures about the level of disaggregation. For the Company, this ASU is effective for the first quarter of 2010, except for the requirement to provide level 3 activity of purchases, sales, issuances, and settlements on a gross basis, which is effective beginning the first quarter of 2011. Since this standard impacts disclosure requirements only, its adoption will not have a material impact on the Company’s results of operations or financial condition. Other recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB, and the SEC did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company's present or future financial statements. NOTE 4. PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES Deferred tax assets The source of significant temporary difference that gives rise to the deferred tax asset is as follows: F-7 For the period from May 24, 2010 to June 15, 2010 Deferred tax assets: Tax losses carryforwards $ 24,074 Less: valuation allowance (24,074 ) Net deferred tax assets $ - In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that all of the assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income in each tax jurisdiction during the periods in which temporary differences in those jurisdictions become deductible. Management considers the projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. The Company has provided valuation allowances of $24,074 in respect of federal net operating loss which it does not expect to utilize. Gross deferred tax assets at June 15, 2010 were reduced by valuation allowance of $24,074. The total valuation allowance increased by $24,074 and such increase was attributable to the tax effect on federal net operating loss incurred for the period ended June 15, 2010 of $24,074 at the federal tax rate of 35%. F-8 Income taxes A reconciliation of the provision for income tax calculated using the statutory federal income tax rate and state and local income tax rate to the Company’s provision for income taxes for the period ended June 15, 2010 is as follows: Provision for income taxes at statutory rate of 35% $ (24,074 ) Changes in valuation allowance 24,074 Income taxes $ - NOTE 5. SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY General The Company’s total authorized capital at June 15, 2010, is 1,000,000 shares of which 1,000,000 shares are common stock of par value $0.001. NOTE 6. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES Operating Lease Commitments As of June 15, 2010, the Company did not have any significant operating lease commitment. NOTE 7. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS The Company evaluated all events or transactions through the date of the financial statements were issued. During this period, other than those disclosed above, the Company did not have any material subsequent events that impacted the financial statements. End of financial statements. F-9
