As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 22, 2010 File No. _________________ UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Innovative Product Opportunities Inc. (Name of small business issuer in its charter) Delaware 7389 42-1770123 (State of other (Primary Standard Industrial (IRS Employer jurisdiction Classification Code Number) Identification Number) of incorporation) 730 Gana Court Mississauga, Ontario Canada L5S 1P1 (347) 789-7131 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant's principal executive offices) Doug Clark, President 730 Gana Court Mississauga, Ontario Canada L5S 1P1 (347) 789-7131 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies of communications to: Peter J. Gennuso, Esq. Gersten Savage LLP 600 Lexington Avenue, 9th Floor New York, NY 10022 phone (212) 752-9700 x 9437 Approximate date of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this Registration Statement. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933 check the following box: [x] If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the offering. [] If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. [] If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. [] Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer [] Accelerated filer [] Non-accelerated filer [] Smaller Reporting Company [x] (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of each| Amount of | Proposed maximum| Proposed maximum| Amount of class of | shares to be | offering price | Aggregate | registration securities to| registered(1)| per share (2) | offering price | fee be registered| | | | - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Common stock,| | | | to be sold by| | | | existing | 10,000,000 | $0.10 | $1,000,000 | $71.30 shareholders | | | | - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Common Stock,| | | | held in | | | | trust, to be | | | | distributed | | | | to Metro One | 1,000,000 | n/a | n/a | n/a Development, | | | | Inc. | | | | shareholders | | | | - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- (1) Pursuant to Rule 416(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this registration statement shall be deemed to cover additional securities that may be offered or issued to prevent dilution resulting from stock splits, stock dividends or similar transactions. There is no current market for the securities and the price at which the Shares are being offered has been arbitrarily determined by the Company and used for the purpose of computing the amount of the registration fee in accordance with Rule 457 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. (2) Estimated solely for the purpose of computing the amount of the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(o). The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. 2 THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PROSPECTUS IS NOT COMPLETE AND MAY BE CHANGED. A REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATING TO THESE SECURITIES HAS BEEN FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AND THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD UNTIL THAT REGISTRATION STATEMENT BECOMES EFFECTIVE. THIS PROSPECTUS IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL THESE SECURITIES AND IT IS NOT SOLICITING AN OFFER TO BUY THESE SECURITIES IN ANY STATE WHERE THE OFFER OR SALE IS NOT PERMITTED. PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUBJECT TO COMPLETION June __, 2010 INNOVATIVE PRODUCT OPPORTUNITIES, INC. OFFERING UP TO 11,000,000 COMMON SHARES This prospectus relates to the sale or distribution of up to 11,000,000 shares of our common Stock. 10,000,000 shares may be sold by several selling stockholders. 1,000,000 shares will also be distributed, without receipt of payment, pursuant to a trust held for the benefit of shareholders of Metro One Development, Inc. after the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is declared effective and the shares list on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board. All costs associated with this registration will be borne by us. The shares of our common stock are not currently traded. ____________________ THIS INVESTMENT INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. YOU SHOULD PURCHASE SECURITIES ONLY IF YOU CAN AFFORD A COMPLETE LOSS. SEE "RISK FACTORS" BEGINNING ON PAGE 7. ____________________ Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence. The selling stockholders will sell at a price of $0.10 per share until our shares are quoted on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board and thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. We intend to seek a listing on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board but we may not be successful. THE COMPANY IS CONSIDERED TO BE IN UNSOUND FINANCIAL CONDITION. PERSONS SHOULD NOT INVEST UNLESS THEY CAN AFFORD TO LOSE THEIR ENTIRE INVESTMENT. BEFORE PURCHASING ANY OF THE COMMON SHARES COVERED BY THIS PROSPECTUS, CAREFULLY READ AND CONSIDER THE RISK FACTORS INCLUDED IN THE SECTION ENTITLED "RISK FACTORS" BEGINNING ON PAGE 7. THESE SECURITIES INVOLVE A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK, AND PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS SHOULD BE PREPARED TO SUSTAIN THE LOSS OF THEIR ENTIRE INVESTMENT. THERE IS CURRENTLY NO PUBLIC TRADING MARKET FOR THE SECURITIES. NEITHER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION ("SEC"), NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION, HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED OF THESE SECURITIES OR PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. 3 Dealer Prospectus Delivery Obligation Until [90 days from the date of effectiveness], all dealers that effect transactions in these securities, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers' obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments. The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. Subject to Completion, the date of this Prospectus is June 22, 2010. 4 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Prospectus Summary............................................................6 Risk Factors..................................................................7 Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements...................14 Use of Proceeds..............................................................14 Dilution.....................................................................14 Determination of Offering Price..............................................14 Selling Security Holders.....................................................15 Plan of Distribution.........................................................17 Description of Securities to be Registered...................................18 Interests of Named Experts and Counsel.......................................19 Description of Business......................................................19 Description of Property......................................................21 Legal Proceedings............................................................21 Market Price of and Dividends on Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters............................................22 Financial Statements...................................................F1 - F11 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations........................................23 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.......................................25 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk...................25 Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons.................25 Executive Compensation.......................................................26 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management...............27 Transactions with Related Persons, Promoters and Certain Control Persons.....28 Director Independence........................................................28 Disclosure of Commission Position on Indemnification for Securities Act Liabilities.................................................29 5 INNOVATIVE PRODUCT OPPORTUNITIES INC. PROSPECTUS SUMMARY The following information is a summary of the prospectus and it does not contain all of the information you should consider before making an investment decision. You should read the entire prospectus carefully, including the financial statements and the notes relating to the financial statements. ABOUT US We are a development stage enterprise incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on April 3, 2009. Our headquarters are located at 730 Gana Court Mississauga, Ontario Canada L5S 1P1. Our phone number is 347-789-7131. Our website can be found at www.innovativeproductopportunities.com. The information on our website is not a part of this prospectus. Our business plan is to provide a full-service product development firm to meet the needs of new and emerging product ideas available for sale today and in the future. Our Certified Engineering Technicians can be involved with every step of a project, from hand sketches and design through prototyping, construction and project management of production products. We believe that we will be able to deliver a complete solution and platform to startup and development stage companies and their new products. This is our initial public offering. There is not currently a market for our common stock. We intend for our shares to be listed on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board but our stock has not been approved for trading on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board as of the date of this prospectus. We cannot determine if an active market will develop for our common stock. Additionally, we cannot determine or predict the price at which our common stock will initially trade. The selling stockholders will sell at a price of $0.10 per share until our shares are quoted on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board and thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. 1,000,000 shares will also be distributed, without receipt of payment, pursuant to a trust held for the benefit of shareholders of Metro One Development, Inc. after the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is declared effective and our common stock is traded on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board. SALES BY OUR SELLING STOCKHOLDERS This prospectus relates to the sale of up to 11,000,000 shares of our common stock. 10,000,000 shares may be sold by several selling stockholders. 1,000,000 shares will also be distributed, without receipt of payment, pursuant to a trust held for the benefit of shareholders of Metro One Development, Inc. after the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is declared effective and our common stock is traded on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board. The Offering Common stock outstanding as 31,000,000 shares, of June 18, 2010 par value $0.0001 per share Common stock offered 11,000,000 shares Use of proceeds We will not receive any proceeds from the sale by the selling stockholders of our common stock or shares distributed by the trust. Symbol for our common stock Our common stock is not currently traded. 6 SUMMARY OF SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION The following table sets forth summary financial data derived from Innovative Product's audited financial statements. The data should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the related notes thereto, as well as the "Management's Discussion and Plan of Operations" included elsewhere in this prospectus. Financial Data Summary From inception (April 3, 2009) through March 31, 2010 Statements of Operations Data Total Revenues $ 0 ------------- Organizational and Professional Expenses 2,000 ============= Total Expenses 2,000 ------------- Net Income (Loss) $ (2,000) ============= Weighted average number of shares outstanding 20,000,000 ============= Net Income (Loss) per Share $ 0.00 ============= Balance Sheet Data March 31, 2010 -------------- Working Capital $ 0 ============= Total Assets $ 0 ============= Total Liabilities $ 0 ============= Shareholders' Equity $ 0 ============= RISK FACTORS An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors and other information included in this prospectus. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected and you may lose some or all of your investment. 7 RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS WE ARE A DEVELOPMENT STAGE ENTERPRISE THAT LACKS ANY OPERATING HISTORY OR REVENUES AND WE MAY NEVER GENERATE REVENUES OR BECOME PROFITABLE. We are a development stage enterprise without financial resources and an operating history on which an investor can base its assessment of our business plan. We expect to incur losses in the foreseeable future due to significant costs associated with our business startup and development, including costs associated with our on-going operations. Our operations may never generate sufficient revenues to fund our continuing operations and we may never generate positive cash flow from our operations. Further, we may not attain or sustain profitability in any future period. If we do not successfully develop our business, you may lose all or part of your investment. IF WE FAIL TO SUCCESSFULLY MANAGE OUR NEW PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT OR NEW PRODUCT MARKET EXPANSION, OR IF WE FAIL TO ANTICIPATE THE ISSUES ASSOCIATED WITH SUCH DEVELOPMENT OR EXPANSION, OUR BUSINESS MAY SUFFER. We have not completed development on our first product. Our ability to anticipate and manage a variety of issues associated with new product development and market expansion, such as: * difficulties faced in manufacturing; * market acceptance; * effective management of inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand; and * quality problems or other defects in the early stages of product introduction that were not anticipated in the design of those products. Our business may suffer if we fail to successfully anticipate and manage these issues associated with product development and market expansion and you may lose all or part of your investment. OUR INDEPENDENT AUDITORS HAVE EXPRESSED DOUBT ABOUT OUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN. Currently, we do not have any material assets, nor do we have operations or a source of revenue sufficient to cover our operational costs and allow us to continue as a going concern. Since our inception on April 3, 2009, we have accumulated a deficit of $2,000. We will depend upon the raising of additional capital through placement of our common stock in order to implement our business plan. We are currently funding our initial operations by way of loans from our Chief Executive Officer and through the issuance of common stock in exchange for services. Accordingly, these factors raise substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. 8 CURRENT DECLINING GENERAL ECONOMIC OR BUSINESS CONDITIONS MAY HAVE A NEGATIVE IMPACT ON OUR BUSINESS. Our current and future business plans depend, in large part, on the overall state of the economy. Concerns over inflation, energy costs, geopolitical issues, the availability and cost of credit, the U.S. mortgage market and a declining real estate market in the U.S. have contributed to increased volatility and diminished expectations for the global economy and expectations of slower global economic growth going forward. These factors, combined with volatile oil prices, declining business and consumer confidence and increased unemployment, have precipitated a global economic slowdown. If the economic climate does not improve or continues to deteriorate, it could have a material adverse effect on our ability to implement our business plan. IF WE ARE UNABLE TO OBTAIN ADDITIONAL FINANCING, WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO FULFILL OUR BUSINESS PLAN. We require substantial funds to further develop and implement our business plan. To meet our future obligations, from time to time, we may need to issue debt or shares of our common stock or other equity instruments such as warrants. However, we may not be able to obtain additional financing when needed, or if available, such financing may not be on commercially reasonable terms. If we are unable to obtain financing when needed, we may be forced to curtail our planned development, which would negatively affect the value of your investment. WE CURRENTLY DO NOT HAVE ANY CUSTOMERS AND IF WE CANNOT ATTRACT CUSTOMERS WE WILL NOT GENERATE REVENUES AND OUR BUSINESS WILL FAIL. As of June 18, 2010, we do not have any customers. We may not be able to successfully attract customers and in the event that we do attract customers, we may not be able to maintain such customers and as a result, we will not generate revenues and our business will fail. If our business fails, you will lose all or part of your investment. OUR ORIGINAL SHAREHOLDERS HAVE CONTROL OVER OUR POLICIES AND AFFAIRS AND THEY MAY TAKE CORPORATE ACTIONS THAT COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT OUR BUSINESS AND STOCK PRICE. Our original shareholders own approximately 64.5% of our voting securities. The original shareholders will control our policies and affairs and all corporate actions requiring shareholder approval, including the election of directors. Additionally, these holdings may delay, deter or prevent transactions, such as mergers or tender offers, that would otherwise benefit investors. WE MAY ENCOUNTER DIFFICULTIES MANAGING OUR PLANNED GROWTH, WHICH WOULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS AND COULD RESULT IN INCREASING COSTS AS WELL AS A DECREASE IN OUR STOCK PRICE. We intend to expand our customer base and develop new products. To manage our anticipated growth, we must continue to improve our operational and financial systems and expand, train, retain and manage our employee base to meet new opportunities. Because of the registration of our securities, we are subject to reporting and disclosure obligations, and we anticipate that we will hire additional finance and administrative personnel to address these obligations. In addition, the anticipated growth of our business will place a significant strain on our existing managerial and financial resources. If we cannot effectively manage our growth, our business may be harmed. 9 IF WE LOSE THE RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT SKILLS AND MANUFACTURING CAPABILITIES OF OUR FOUNDER, OUR ABILITY TO ATTAIN PROFITABILITY MAY BE IMPEDED AND IF WE DO NOT ATTAIN PROFITABILITY, OUR STOCK PRICE MAY DECREASE AND YOU COULD LOSE PART OR ALL OF YOUR INVESTMENT. Doug Clark founded our Company. He invested the necessary start-up costs from his personal finances and he is our Certified Engineering Technician. In addition, Mr. Clark has relationships with key suppliers. These relationships with suppliers afford us access to valuable resources that help ensure product availability on time that is competitively priced. Our success depends in large part upon Mr. Clark 's contacts in this industry. If we were to lose the benefit of his services, our ability to obtain materials at an affordable price would be adversely effected which would have a negative impact on our operations. We presently have no employment agreement with Mr. Clark. WE WILL INCUR INCREASED COSTS AND DEMANDS UPON MANAGEMENT AS A RESULT OF COMPLYING WITH THE LAWS AND REGULATIONS AFFECTING PUBLIC COMPANIES, WHICH COULD HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS. As a public company, we will incur significant additional legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company, including costs associated with public company reporting requirements. We also will incur costs associated with corporate governance requirements, including requirements under Section 404 and other provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The expenses incurred by reporting companies for reporting and corporate governance purposes have increased dramatically in recent years. We expect these rules and regulations to substantially increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and costly. We are unable to currently estimate these costs with any degree of certainty. We also expect these new rules and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage previously available. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors or as our executive officers. Currently we do not have a system of checks and balances in place covering our financial operations and investors will bear the economic risk associated with the lack of such oversight. BECAUSE WE DO NOT HAVE AN AUDIT COMMITTEE, SHAREHOLDERS WILL HAVE TO RELY ON THE DIRECTORS, WHO ARE NOT INDEPENDENT, TO PERFORM THESE FUNCTIONS. We do not have an audit or compensation committee comprised of independent directors. These functions are performed by the board of directors as a whole. The members of the Board of Directors are not independent directors. Thus, there is a potential conflict in that the board members are also engaged in management and participate in decisions concerning management compensation and audit issues that may affect management performance. TO DATE WE HAVE NOT GENERATED REVENUES FROM OPERATIONS AND WE MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS TO CONTINUE OUR OPERATIONS BUT THEY MIGHT NOT BE AVAILABLE TO US ON FAVORABLE TERMS OR AT ALL, AND IF UNAVAILABLE OUR ABILITY TO RUN OUR BUSINESS WILL BE IMPAIRED. We have limited working capital. As a result, it may be impossible to expand our operations. If we are unable to generate sufficient revenues to cover operating expenses or raise additional funds after the twelve months or during the twelve months should we determine to undertake additional projects, outside of our current business plan, we will be unlikely to expand our business operations. We currently have no other plans or arrangements to raise capital for our business except for this Offering. 10 RISKS RELATED TO THIS OFFERING AND OUR STOCK A TRADING MARKET MAY NOT DEVELOP FOR OUR COMMON STOCK AND YOU MAY FIND IT DIFFICULT OR IMPOSSIBLE TO SELL YOUR SHARES FOR THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE. Our common stock does not currently trade in any market or exchange. As of June 18, 2010, we had only 12 shareholders. This number of shareholders will not be sufficient to build a trading market and we may not sufficiently expand our number of shareholders for the foreseeable future. We intend to list our shares on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board but we may not be successful in making that listing. If a trading market does not develop for our common stock, you may find it difficult or impossible to sell your shares. "PENNY STOCK" RULES MAY MAKE BUYING OR SELLING OUR SECURITIES DIFFICULT WHICH MAY MAKE OUR STOCK LESS LIQUID AND MAKE IT HARDER FOR INVESTORS TO BUY AND SELL OUR SHARES. Trading in our securities is subject to the SEC's "penny stock" rules and it is anticipated that trading in our securities will continue to be subject to the penny stock rules for the foreseeable future. The SEC has adopted regulations that generally define a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. These rules require that any broker-dealer who recommends our securities to persons other than prior customers and accredited investors must, prior to the sale, make a special written suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written agreement to execute the transaction. Unless an exception is available, the regulations require the delivery, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated with trading in the penny stock market. In addition, broker-dealers must disclose commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities they offer. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by these requirements may discourage broker-dealers from recommending transactions in our securities, which could severely limit the liquidity of our securities and consequently adversely affect the market price for our securities. IF OUR STOCK DOES TRADE IN A MARKET OR EXCHANGE, OUR STOCK PRICE MAY BE VOLATILE, AND YOU MAY NOT BE ABLE TO RESELL SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK AT OR ABOVE THE PRICE YOU PAID. Prior to this offering, our common stock has not been traded in a public market. We cannot predict the extent to which a trading market will develop or how liquid that market might become. Additionally, we are not selling shares in this offering. The selling stockholders will sell their shares at such prices and such times as they determine. It is possible that they may not sell their shares at all. The selling stockholders will sell at a price of $0.10 per share until the shares are quoted on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board and thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. We intend to seek a listing on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board but we may not be successful. The trading price of our common stock following this offering is therefore likely to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in price in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include: - Quarterly variations in our results of operations or those of our competitors. 11 - Announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, new products, significant contracts, commercial relationships or capital commitments. - The emergence of new sales channels in which we are unable to compete effectively. - Our ability to develop and market new and enhanced products on a timely basis. - Commencement of, or our involvement in, litigation. - Any major change in our board or management. - General economic conditions and slow or negative growth of related markets. In addition, the stock market in general has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of individual companies. These broad market and industry factors may seriously harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a company's securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. This litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management's attention and resources. AS A RESULT OF BEING A PUBLIC COMPANY, WE WILL INCUR INCREASED COSTS THAT MAY MAKE IT MORE DIFFICULT TO IMPLEMENT OUR BUSINESS PLAN. As a public company, we will incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses associated with public company reporting requirements that we did not incur as a private company. We also anticipate that we will incur costs associated with recently adopted corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as new rules implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission. We expect these rules and regulations to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and costly. We are currently evaluating and monitoring developments with respect to these new rules, and we cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. We anticipate that the costs that we will incur as a result of being a public company will adversely affect our already limited liquidity, making it difficult for us to proceed with our business development plans. We may never become profitable. You may lose your entire investment. 12 WE MAY ISSUE ADDITIONAL SHARES OF COMMON STOCK WHICH WOULD REDUCE INVESTORS' PERCENTAGE OF OWNERSHIP, DECREASE THE VALUE OF INVESTORS' INVESTMENT AND MAY DILUTE OUR SHARE VALUE. Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of 500,000,000 shares of common stock and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock. In the past, we have been able to pay for some of the services we require through the issuance of our common stock. We may continue to compensate our consultants and other staff with common stock in order to preserve our cash for other uses. The future issuance of authorized common stock may result in substantial dilution in the percentage of our common stock held by our then existing stockholders. The issuance of common stock for future services or acquisitions or other corporate actions may have the effect of diluting the value of the common stock held by our investors, may decrease the value of our investors' investment and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for our common stock, if one ever exists. WE DO NOT PLAN TO PAY DIVIDENDS IN THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE, AND, AS A RESULT, STOCKHOLDERS WILL NEED TO SELL SHARES TO REALIZE A RETURN ON THEIR INVESTMENT. We have not declared or paid any cash dividends on its capital stock since inception. We intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of its business and does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. As a result, stockholders will need to sell shares of common stock in order to realize a return on their investment, if any. If no market develops for the common shares in the future investors would lose their entire investment. YOU MAY NOT BE ABLE TO SELL YOUR SHARES IN OUR COMPANY BECAUSE THERE IS NO PUBLIC MARKET FOR OUR STOCK. There is no public market for our common stock. In the absence of being listed, no market is available for investors in our common stock to sell their shares. We intend to apply for quotation to the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board. Assuming that we are successful in finding a market maker to submit for quotation of our stock, of which there can be no assurance, our securities will likely be subject to the penny stock rules, which apply generally to equity securities with a price of less than $5.00 per share, other than securities registered on certain national exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system. The penny stock rules reduce the level of trading activity and the secondary market for a security that becomes subject to the penny stock rules. Therefore, investors in this Offering may find it more difficult to sell their Shares. THERE IS CURRENTLY NO MARKET FOR OUR COMMON STOCK, BUT IF A MARKET FOR OUR COMMON STOCK DOES DEVELOP, OUR STOCK PRICE MAY BE VOLATILE. There is currently no market for our common stock and there is no assurance that a market will develop. If a market develops, it is anticipated that the market price of our common stock will be subject to wide fluctuations in response to several factors including: - - The ability to generate revenues from sales; - - The ability to generate brand recognition of our products and services and acceptance by consumers; 13 - - Increased competition from competitors who offer competing services; - - The Company's financial condition and results of operations; and - - The ability to continue to generate or otherwise acquire new concepts and develop those assets into viable commercial projects. Furthermore, the stock market may experience extreme price and volume fluctuations, which, without a direct relationship to our operating performance, may affect the market price of our stock. CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. We generally use words such as "believe," "may," "could," "will," "intend," "expect," "anticipate," "plan," and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements for many reasons, including the risks described in our "Risk Factor" section and elsewhere in this report. Although we believe the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, they relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the forward-looking statements. We do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this document to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations, except as required by law. USE OF PROCEEDS This prospectus relates to shares of our common stock that may be offered and sold from time to time by certain selling stockholders. We will not receive proceeds from the sale of shares of common stock in this offering. DILUTION We are not issuing new common shares in this offering, therefore existing stockholders' ownership will not be diluted. If we raise money by means of an offering of our common stock at a later time, each of our stockholders' ownership interest in our Company would be proportionately reduced. None of our stockholders have any pre-emptive rights to acquire additional shares of our common stock or other securities. DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE The shares of common stock are being offered for sale by the selling stockholders at a price of $0.10 per share until the shares are quoted on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board and thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. 14 SELLING SECURITY HOLDERS Based upon information available to us as of June 18, 2010, the following table sets forth the names of the selling stockholders, the number of shares owned, the number of shares registered by this prospectus and the number and percent of outstanding shares that the selling stockholders will own after the sale of the registered shares, assuming all of the shares are sold. The information provided in the table and discussions below has been obtained from the selling stockholders. The selling stockholders may have sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of, or may sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of, at any time or from time to time since the date on which it provided the information regarding the shares beneficially owned, all or a portion of the shares of common stock beneficially owned in transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933. As used in this prospectus, "selling stockholder" includes donees, pledgees, transferees or other successors-in-interest selling shares received from the named selling stockholder as a gift, pledge, distribution or other non-sale related transfer. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3(d) promulgated by the Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Unless otherwise noted, each person or group identified possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares, subject to community property laws where applicable. Name and Address Ownership Number of Number of Shares Percentage of Beneficial Owner Before Shares Owned After Owned After Offering Offered Offering(1) Offering (2) - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Nadav Elituv (3) 1,000,000 1,000,000 -0- 0% 53 Theodore Pl. Thornhill, Ontario Canada L4J 8E4 The Cellular 1,000,000 1,000,000 -0- 0% Connection Ltd. (4) P.O. Box 562 Richmond Hill, Ontario Canada L4B 4R6 Bradley Southam (5) 1,000,000 1,000,000 -0- 0% 139 Bayne Cresent Cambridge Ontario Canada N1T 1K5 Evan Schwartzberg (6) 1,000,000 1,000,000 -0- 0% 85 Corstate Ave unit #1 Concord, Ontario Canada L4K 4Y2 Brett W. Gold (7) 1,000,000 1,000,000 -0- 0% 60 Sutton Place SP #6DN New York, NY 10022 Al Kau (8) 1,000,000 1,000,000 -0- 0% 33671 Chula Vista Monarch Beach, CA 92629 15 Larry Burke (9) 1,000,000 1,000,000 -0- 0% 126 Rose Park Drive Toronto, Ontario Canada M4T 1R5 Aaron Shrira (10) 1,000,000 1,000,000 -0- 0% 226 North Wetherly Drive Beverily Hills Ca. 90211 Danielle Goose (11) 1,000,000 1,000,000 -0- 0% 62 Castlewood Road North York Ontario Canada M5M 2L2 William Reil (12) 1,000,000 1,000,000 -0- 0% 23 Nassau Dr Grimsby, ON L3M 3A3 ---------- ---------- Total 10,000,000 10,000,000 (1) These numbers assume the selling stockholders sell all of their shares prior to the completion of the offering. (2) Based on 31,000,000 shares outstanding as of June 18, 2010. (3) We are registering 1,000,000 shares of common stock that we issued to Nadav Elituv on May 14, 2010 in exchange for software development services valued at $10,000. (4) We are registering 1,000,000 shares of common stock that we issued to The Cellular Connection, Ltd. on May 14, 2010 in exchange for business development services valued at $10,000. Stuart Turk, as the principal owner of The Cellular Connection, Ltd., has voting and dispositive control over these shares. (5) We are registering 1,000,000 shares of common stock that we issued to Bradley Southam on May 14, 2010 in exchange for graphic arts development services valued at $10,000 (6) We are registering 1,000,000 shares of common stock that we issued to Evan Schwartzberg on May 14, 2010 in exchange for accounting and financial services valued at $10,000. (7) We are registering 1,000,000 shares of common stock that we issued to Brett W. Gold on May 14, 2010 in exchange for business development services valued at $10,000 (8) We are registering 1,000,000 shares of common stock that we issued to Al Kau on May 14, 2010 in exchange for business development services valued at $10,000 (9) We are registering 1,000,000 shares of common stock that we issued to Larry Burke on May 14, 2010 in exchange for design and technical services valued at $10,000. 16 (10) We are registering 1,000,000 shares of common stock that we issued to Aaron Shrira on May 14, 2010 in exchange for business development services valued at $10,000 (11) We are registering 1,000,000 shares of common stock that we issued to Danielle Goose on May 14, 2010 in exchange for business development services valued at $10,000 (12) We are registering 1,000,000 shares of common stock that we issued to William Reil on May 14, 2010 in exchange for business development services valued at $10,000 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION The selling stockholders will act independently of us in making decisions with respect to the timing, manner and size of each sale. The selling stockholders may sell the shares from time to time: - in transactions on the Pink Sheets, the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board or on any national securities exchange or U.S. inter-dealer system of a registered national securities association on which our common stock may be listed or quoted at the time of sale; - in private transactions and transactions otherwise than on these exchanges or systems or in the over-the-counter market; - at a price of $0.10 per share for the duration of the offering or until our shares are quoted on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board and thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices; - in negotiated transactions; - in a combination of such methods of sale; or - any other method permitted by law. The selling stockholders may effect such transactions by offering and selling the shares directly to or through securities broker-dealers, and such broker-dealers may receive compensation in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions from the selling stockholders and/or the purchasers of the shares for whom such broker-dealers may act as agent or to whom the selling stockholders may sell as principal, or both, which compensation as to a particular broker-dealer might be in excess of customary commissions. On or prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement to which this prospectus is a part, we will advise the selling stockholders that they and any securities broker-dealers or others who may be deemed to be statutory underwriters will be governed by the prospectus delivery requirements under the Securities Act. Under applicable rules and regulations under the Securities Exchange Act, any person engaged in a distribution of any of the shares may not simultaneously engage in market activities with respect to the common stock for the applicable period under Regulation M prior to the commencement of such distribution. In addition and without limiting the foregoing, the selling security owners will be governed by the applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations thereunder, including without limitation Rules 10b-5 and Regulation M, which provisions may limit the timing of purchases and sales of any of the shares by the selling stockholders. All of the foregoing may affect the marketability of our securities. 17 On or prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement to which this prospectus is a part, we will advise the selling stockholders that the anti-manipulation rules under the Securities Exchange Act may apply to sales of shares in the market and to the activities of the selling security owners and any of their affiliates. We have informed the selling stockholders that they may not: - engage in any stabilization activity in connection with any of the shares; - bid for or purchase any of the shares or any rights to acquire the shares, - attempt to induce any person to purchase any of the shares or rights to acquire the shares other than as permitted under the Securities Exchange Act; or - effect any sale or distribution of the shares until after the prospectus shall have been appropriately amended or supplemented, if required, to describe the terms of the sale or distribution. We have informed the selling stockholders that they must affect all sales of shares in broker's transactions, through broker-dealers acting as agents, in transactions directly with market makers, or in privately negotiated transactions where no broker or other third party, other than the purchaser, is involved. The selling stockholders may indemnify any broker-dealer that participates in transactions involving the sale of the shares against certain liabilities, including liabilities arising under the Securities Act. Any commissions paid or any discounts or concessions allowed to any broker-dealers, and any profits received on the resale of shares, may be deemed to be underwriting discounts and commissions under the Securities Act if the broker-dealers purchase shares as principal. In the absence of the registration statement to which this prospectus is a part, certain of the selling stockholders would be able to sell their shares only pursuant to the limitations of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act. 1,000,000 shares will also be distributed, without receipt of payment, pursuant to a trust held for the benefit of shareholders of Metro One Development, Inc. Pursuant to the terms of the trust, distribution of the shares by the Trustee is conditioned upon the Securities and Exchange Commission declaring this registration statement effective, and the shares becoming free trading. The trust shall cease to exist upon the distribution of the shares to the shareholders of Metro One Development, Inc. These beneficiaries shall receive distributions consistent with their pro rata ownership of Metro One Development, Inc. common stock as of the date our shares are traded on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES COMMON STOCK Our Articles of Incorporation authorize us to issue 500,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share. Miscellaneous Rights and Provisions. There are no preemptive rights, subscription rights, or redemption provisions relating to the shares and none of the shares carries any liability for further calls. 18 Dividends. Holders of shares are entitled to receive dividends in cash, property or shares when and if the Board of Directors declares dividends out of funds legally available therefore. Voting. A quorum for any meeting of shareholders is a majority of shares then issued and outstanding and entitled to be voted at the meeting. Holders of shares are entitled to one vote, either in person or by proxy, per share. Liquidation, dissolution, winding up. Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, any assets will be distributed to the holders of shares after payment or provision for payment of all our debts, obligations or liabilities. INTEREST OF NAMED EXPERTS AND COUNSEL Gersten Savage LLP has issued an opinion on the validity of the shares offered by this prospectus, which has been filed as an Exhibit to this prospectus with Gersten Savage LLP's consent. DeJoya Griffith & Company, LLC of Henderson, NV, have audited our financial statements for the periods ended December 31, 2009, March 31, 2010 and since inception (April 3, 2009) to March 31, 2010, and presented its audit report dated June 17, 2010, regarding such audit which is included with this prospectus with DeJoya Griffith & Company's consent as experts in accounting and auditing. No expert or counsel within the meaning of those terms under Item 509 of Regulation S-B will receive a direct or indirect interest in our Company or was a promoter, underwriter, voting trustee, director, officer, or employee of our Company. Nor does any such expert have any contingent based agreement with us or any other interest in or connection to us. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS HISTORY We incorporated in the State of Delaware on April 3, 2009 and commenced business, as Innovative Product Opportunities Inc. OUR BUSINESS Our business is to provide a full-service product development firm to meet the needs of new and immerging product ideas available for sale today and in the future. Our Certified Engineering Technicians can be involved with every step of a project, from hand sketches and design through prototyping, construction and project management of production products. We believe that we will be able to deliver a complete solution to startup and development stage companies. 19 RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT We have not spent any funds on research and development activities since our inception on April 3, 2009. EMPLOYEES As of June 18, 2010, we had three employees. All three employees are part-time. We believe that our relations with our employees are good. CUSTOMERS We market our services to the inventors and businesses via trade and industry publications. In general, the clients to whom we market our products also can design and produce their products themselves or direct through our contacts. Many products developed are new and innovative that require public recognition to realize potential. Innovative Product Opportunities intends to provide a platform and vehicle for that public recognition. Our customers will ultimately be our customers customers. WHOLESALE OPERATIONS We currently do not have any wholesale operations but intend too as we develop new products. We have wholesale contacts in North America and the Orient. We will develop these contacts as suits clients requirments. COMPETITION We compete with other manufacturers and distributors who offer one or more products competitive with the products we intend to sell. Our principal means of competition are our quality, reliability, and value-added services, including delivery and service alternatives. The product development industry is competitive, characterized by the frequent introduction of new products and includes numerous domestic and foreign competitors, some of which are substantially larger and have greater financial and other resources than we do. We compete principally on the basis of offering quality products at competitive prices and providing high quality customer service. Our competition includes: * Ross + Doell * Lore Product Design * SZID Design * C3 Design PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT We have retained the services of Metro One Development Inc. and expect to investigate synergies of product ideas over the next several months. Other than the first product we do not intend to further develop any new products until we raise additional funding. 20 MANUFACTURING AND PRODUCT SOURCING Most supplies used in the manufacturing process are readily available from any number of local and international suppliers, at competitive prices. Delivery of product will vary depending on source and quantity required. We rely on the performance and cooperation of independent suppliers and vendors of raw materials whose services are and will be a material part of our products. We rely on these subcontractors to manufacture the components of our products that are all based on purchase orders, which the subcontractors can accept or reject. REPORTS TO SECURITY HOLDERS This registration statement, including all exhibits, and other materials we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, may be inspected without charge, and copies of these materials may also be obtained upon the payment of prescribed fees, at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549, on official business days during the hours of 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330. The Commission maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the Commission. Copies of all of our filings with the Commission may be viewed on the SEC's Internet web site at http://www.sec.gov. For so long as we are a reporting company, we will be required to file annual reports with the SEC, containing audited financial statements. However, unless we register our common stock under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act, we will not be required to deliver an annual report containing audited financial statements to security holders. We currently have no plans to register our common stock under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act. If we are not required to deliver an annual report to security holders, we do not intend to voluntarily deliver annual reports to security holders containing audited financial statements. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY On July 1, 2010 we intend to move into a shared office in Mississauga, Ontario. The premises are being rented on a month to month basis at a rental rate of $250 per month. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We may be involved from time to time in ordinary litigation, negotiation and settlement matters that will not have a material effect on our operations or finances. We are not aware of any pending or threatened litigation against us or our officers and directors in their capacity as such that could have a material impact on our operations or finances. 21 MARKET PRICE OF AND DIVIDENDS ON COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS MARKET INFORMATION As of the date of this prospectus, no established public trading market exists for our securities. We have issued 31,000,000 shares of common stock since our inception on April 3, 2009. All of these shares were restricted when issued. We intend to register 11,000,000 of these shares in this registration statement for sale by the selling security holders. We have no common equity subject to outstanding purchase options or warrants. We cannot guarantee that a trading market for our common stock will ever develop or, if a market does develop, that it will continue. NUMBER OF STOCKHOLDERS The number of record holders of our common stock as of June 18, 2010 was approximately 12, not including nominees of beneficial owners. DIVIDEND POLICY We have not paid dividends on our common stock and we do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to finance the growth of our business. SECURITIES AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS We have not adopted any compensation plan under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. 22 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DE JOYA GRIFFITH & COMPANY, LLC CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS & CONSULTANTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To The Board of Directors and Stockholders Innovative Product Opportunities, Inc. Henderson, NV 89052 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Innovative Product Opportunities, Inc. (A Development Stage Company) as of March 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, and the related statements of operations, stockholders' deficit, and cash flows for the three months ended March 31, 2010, from inception (April 3, 2009) through December 31, 2009, and from inception (April 3, 2009) through March 31, 2010. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Innovative Product Opportunities, Inc. (A Development Stage Company) as of March 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, and the related statements of operations, stockholders' deficit, and cash flows for the three months ended March 31, 2010, from inception (April 3, 2009) through December 31, 2009, and from inception (April 3, 2009) through March 31, 2010, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations, which raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. De Joya Griffith & Company, LLC /s/ De Joya Griffith & Company, LLC Henderson, Nevada June 17, 2010 F1 Innovative Product Opportunities, Inc. (A Development Stage Enterprise) BALANCE SHEETS March 31, December 31, 2010 2009 (audited) (audited) ------------ ------------ ASSETS Current assets Cash $ -- $ -- ------------ ------------ Total current assets -- -- ------------ ------------ Total assets $ -- $ -- ============ ============ LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER DEFICIT Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses $ -- $ -- Due to related party -- -- ------------ ------------ Total current liabilities -- -- ------------ ------------ Total liabilities -- -- ------------ ------------ Stockholder deficit Preferred stock; $0.001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized, -0- issued and outstanding -- -- Common stock; $0.0001 par value; 500,000,000 shares authorized, 20,000,000 issued and outstanding 2,000 2,000 Deficit accumulated during development stage (2,000) (2,000) ------------ ------------ Total stockholder deficit -- -- ------------ ------------ Total liabilities and stockholder deficit $ -- $ -- ============ ============ The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these financial statements. F2 Innovative Product Opportunities, Inc. (A Development Stage Enterprise) STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Audited) From From Inception inception (April 3, (April 3, For the three 2009) 2009) months ended through through March 31, December 31, March 31, 2010 2009 2010 ------------ ------------ ------------ Sales $ -- $ -- $ -- Cost of sales -- -- -- ------------ ------------ ------------ Gross profit -- -- -- ------------ ------------ ------------ Operating expenses General and administrative -- 2,000 2,000 ------------ ------------ ------------ Total expenses -- 2,000 2,000 ------------ ------------ ------------ Net loss $ -- $ (2,000) $ (2,000) ============ ============ ============ Basic net loss per common share $ (0.00) $ (0.00) ============ ============ Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 20,000,000 20,000,000 ============ ============ The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these financial statements. F3 Innovative Product Opportunities Inc. (A Development Stage Enterprise) STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT From Inception (April 3, 2009)to March 31, 2010 (Audited) Deficit Accumulated Additional During Total Preferred Stock Common Stock Paid-in Development Stockholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Stage Equity ---------- ---------- ---------- --------- --------- --------- ---------- Balance, April 3, 2009 -- $ -- -- $ -- $ -- $ -- $ -- Common stock issued to founder, $0.0001 per share, April 3, 2009 -- -- 20,000,000 2,000 -- -- 2,000 Net loss -- -- -- -- -- (2,000) (2,000) --------- --------- ----------- --------- --------- ---------- ----------- Balance December 31, 2009 -- -- 20,000,000 2,000 -- (2,000) -- Net loss -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --------- --------- ----------- --------- --------- --------- ----------- Balance March 31, 2010 -- $ -- 20,000,000 $ 2,000 $ -- $ (2,000) $ -- ========= ======== =========== ========= ========= ========== ========== The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these financial statements. F4 Innovative Product Opportunities, Inc. (A Development Stage Enterprise) STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Audited) From From Inception inception (April 3, (April 3, 2009) 2009) For the three months ended through through March 31, December 31, March 31, 2010 2009 2010 ----------- ----------- ------------ Cash flows from operating activities Net loss $ -- $ (2,000) $ (2,000) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities Shares issued to founder -- 2,000 2,000 ------------ ----------- ------------ Net cash used in operating activities -- -- -- ------------ ----------- ------------ Cash flow from financing activities -- -- -- ------------ ----------- ------------ Cash flow from investing activities -- -- -- ------------ ----------- ------------ Net change in cash -- -- -- Cash, beginning of the period -- -- -- ------------ ---------- ------------ Cash, end of the period $ -- $ -- $ -- ============ =========== ============ The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these financial statements. F5 Innovative Product Opportunities Inc. (A Development Stage Enterprise) (Audited) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE 1 - NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION Innovative Product Opportunities, Inc. (the "Company" or "Innovative") was incorporated on April 3, 2009 in the State of Delaware and established a fiscal year end of December 31. The Company is a development stage enterprise organized to provide product development to meet the needs of new and immerging product ideas available for sale today. The Company is currently in the development stage as defined in Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standard Codification ("ASC")915. All activities of the Company to date relate to its organization and share issuances. NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES BASIS OF PRESENTATION The financial statements present the balance sheets, statements of operations, stockholders' deficit and cash flows of the Company. These financial statements are presented in United States dollars and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. GOING CONCERN The Company's financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern. This contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. Currently, the Company does not have material assets, nor does it have operations or a source of revenue sufficient to cover its operation costs and allow it to continue as a going concern. The Company has a deficit accumulated during development stage at December 31, 2009 and March 31, 2010 of $2,000. The Company will be dependent upon the raising of additional capital through placement of its common stock in order to implement its business plan. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in this situation. Accordingly, these factors raise substantial doubt as to the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classifications of liabilities that might result from this uncertainty. The Company is funding its initial operations by way of loans from its Chief Executive Officer. The Company's officers and directors have committed to advancing certain operating costs of the Company. F6 NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) USE OF ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS Preparation of the financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts and disclosures. Accordingly, actual results could differ from those estimates. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS For purposes of the statement of cash flows, the Company considers highly liquid financial instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. INCOME TAXES The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("FASB ASC") 740, Income Taxes. Under the assets and liability method of FASB ASC 740, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company provides a valuation allowance, if necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to their estimated realizable value. NET LOSS PER SHARE Basic loss per share includes no dilution and is computed by dividing loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Dilutive loss per share reflects the potential dilution of securities that could share in the losses of the Company. Because the Company does not have any potentially dilutive securities, the accompanying presentation is only of basic loss per share. FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION The financial statements are presented in United States dollars. In accordance with FASB ASC 830, Foreign Currency Matters, foreign denominated monetary assets and liabilities are translated to their United States dollar equivalents using foreign exchange rates which prevailed at the balance sheet date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities are translated at exchange rates prevailing at the transaction date. Revenue and expenses are translated at average rates of exchange during the periods presented. Related translation adjustments are reported as a separate component of stockholders' equity (deficit), whereas gains or losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are included in results of operations. F7 NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION The Company measures stock-based compensation at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and recognizes stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period. The Company also grants awards to non-employees and determines the fair value of such stock-based compensation awards granted as either the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. If the fair value of the equity instruments issued is used, it is measured using the stock price and other measurement assumptions as of the earlier of (1) the date at which a commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached, or (2) the date at which the counterparty's performance is completed. The Company has not adopted a stock option plan and has not granted any stock options. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS In accordance with the requirements of FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, and FASB ASC 825, Financial Instruments, the Company has determined the estimated fair value of financial instruments using available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies. The fair value of financial instruments classified as current assets or liabilities approximate their carrying value due to the short-term maturity of the instruments. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS In June 2009, the FASB issued SFAS No. 167, -Amendments to FASB Interpretation No. 46(R) (SFAS 167) (codified within ASC 810-Consolidation). SFAS 167 amends the consolidation guidance applicable to variable interest entities and affects the overall consolidation analysis under FASB Interpretation No. 46(R). SFAS 167 is effective for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2009. The adoption of SFAS 167 did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In August 2009, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2009-05, "Measuring Liabilities at Fair Value" (codified within ASC 820 - Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures). ASU 2009-05 amends the fair value and measurement topic to provide guidance on the fair value measurement of liabilities. ASU 2009-05 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after August 26, 2009. The adoption of ASU 2009-05 did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In October 2009, the FASB issued ASU No. 2009-13, "Multiple Deliverable Revenue Arrangements - a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force" (codified within ASC Topic 605). ASU 2009-13 addresses the accounting for multiple-deliverable arrangements to enable vendors to account for products or services (deliverables) separately rather than as a combined unit. ASU 2009-13 is effective prospectively for revenue arrangements entered into or materially modified in fiscal years beginning on or after June 15, 2010, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of ASU 2009-13 did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. F8 NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) In October 2009, the FASB issued ASU 2009-15, "Accounting for Own-Share Lending Arrangements in Contemplation of Convertible Debt Issuance or Other Financing". ASU 2009-15 amends the accounting and reporting guidance for debt (and certain preferred stock) with specific conversion features or other options. ASU 2009-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 15, 2009. The adoption of ASU 2009-15 did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In December 2009, the FASB issued ASU 2009-17, "Consolidations (Topic 810) - - Improvements to Financial Reporting by Enterprises Involved with Variable Interest Entities". ASU 2009-17 changes how a reporting entity determines when an entity that is insufficiently capitalized or is not controller through voting (or similar rights) should be consolidated. ASU 2009-17 also requires a reporting entity to provide additional disclosures about its involvement with variable interest entities and any significant changes in risk exposure due to that involvement. ASU 2009-17 is effective at the start of a reporting entity's first fiscal year beginning after November 15, 2009, or January 1, 2010, for a calendar year entity. Early adoption is not permitted. The adoption of ASU 2009-17 did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In January 2010, the FASB issued ASU 2010-01, "Equity (Topic 505) - Accounting for Distributions to Shareholders with Components of Stock and Cash". ASU 2010-01 clarifies that the stock portion of a distribution to shareholders that allows them to elect to receive cash or shares with a potential limitation on the amount of cash that all shareholders can elect to receive is considered a share issuance. ASU 2010-01 is effective for interim and annual periods ending on or after December 15, 2009 and should be applied on a retrospective basis. The adoption of ASU 2010-01 did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In January 2010, the FASB issued ASU 2010-02, "Consolidation (Topic 810) - - Accounting and Reporting for Decreases in Ownership of a Subsidiary - A Scope Clarification". ASU 2010-02 clarifies the scope of the decrease in ownership provisions of Subtopic 810 and expands the disclosure requirements about deconsolidation of a subsidiary or de-recognition of a group of assets .. ASU 2010-02 is effective beginning in the first interim of annual reporting period ending on or after December 15, 2009. The amendments in ASU 2010-02 must be applied retrospectively to the first period that an entity adopted SFAS 160. The adoption of ASU 2010-02 did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In January 2010, the FASB issued ASU No. 2010-06, "Improving Disclosures about Fair Value Measurements" (codified within ASC 820 -Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures). ASU 2010-06 improves disclosures originally required under SFAS No. 157. ASU 2010-16 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2009, except for the disclosures about purchases, sales, issuances and settlements in the roll forward of activity in Level 3 fair value measurements. Those disclosures are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2010, and for interim periods within those years. The adoption of ASU 2010-06 did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. F9 NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) In March 2010, the FASB issued ASU No. 2010-11, "Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Scope Exception Related to Embedded Credit Derivatives" (codified within ASC 815 - Derivatives and Hedging). ASU 2010-11 improves disclosures originally required under SFAS No. 161. ASU 2010-11 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after June 15, 2010. The adoption of ASU 2010-11 is not expected to have any material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In April 2010, the FASB issued ASU No. 2010-17, "Revenue Recognition - Milestone Method (Topic 605): Milestone Method of Revenue Recognition" (codified within ASC 605 - Revenue Recognition). ASU 2010-17 provides guidance on defining a milestone and determining when it may be appropriate to apply the milestone method of revenue recognition for research or development transactions. ASU 2010-17 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after June 15, 2010. The adoption of ASU 2010-17 is not expected to have any material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. NOTE 3 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTION On April 3, 2009, the Company issued 20,000,000 shares of its common stock to its founder and Chief Executive Officer at $0.0001 per share to reimburse $459 of incorporation costs and to pay $1,541 for services. NOTE 4 - INCOME TAXES At March 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, the Company had available a net-operating loss carry-forward for Federal tax purposes of approximately $2,000, which may be applied against future taxable income, if any, at various times through 2029. Certain significant changes in ownership of the Company may restrict the future utilization of these tax loss carry-forwards. At March 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, the Company has a deferred tax asset of approximately $700 representing the benefit of its net operating loss carry-forward. The Company has not recognized the tax benefit because realization of the tax benefit is uncertain and thus a valuation allowance has been fully provided against the deferred tax asset. The difference between the Federal Statutory Rate of 34% and the Company's effective tax rate of 0% is due to an increase in the valuation allowance of approximately $700 for the period ended December 31, 2009. NOTE 5 - STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT The Company is authorized to issue an aggregate of 500,000,000 common shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.001 per share. No preferred shares have been issued. F10 NOTE 6 - SUBSEQUENT EVENT The Company issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock to Nadav Elituv on May 14, 2010 in exchange for software development services valued at $10,000. The Company issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock that to The Cellular Connection, Ltd. on May 14, 2010 in exchange for business development services valued at $10,000. The Company issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock to Bradley Southam on May 14, 2010 in exchange for graphic arts development services valued at $10,000. The Company issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock to Evan Schwartzberg on May 14, 2010 in exchange for accounting and financial services valued at $10,000. The Company issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock to Brett W. Gold on May 14, 2010 in exchange for business development services valued at $10,000. The Company issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock to Al Kau on May 14, 2010 in exchange for business development services valued at $10,000. The Company issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock to Larry Burke on May 14, 2010 in exchange for design and technical services valued at $10,000. The Company issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock to Aaron Shrira on May 14, 2010 in exchange for business development services valued at $10,000. The Company issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock to Danielle Goose on May 14, 2010 in exchange for business development services valued at $10,000. The Company issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock to William Reil on May 14, 2010 in exchange for business development services valued at $10,000. The Company issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock in trust to benefit Metro One Development, Inc. shareholders on May 14, 2010 in exchange for product development services valued at $10,000. F11 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS INTRODUCTION The following is a discussion of our financial condition and results of operations. To the extent that our analysis contains statements that are not of a historical nature, these statements are forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties. The following should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus. BUSINESS OVERVIEW We incorporated on April 3, 2009 as Innovative Product Opportunities Inc. under the laws of the State of Delaware. We are currently in the development stage. Additionally, we have not completed development of our first product. We expect to incur losses in the foreseeable future due to significant costs associated with our business startup, developing our business and costs associated with on-going operations. Our business plan is to provide a full-service product development firm to meet the needs of new and immerging product ideas available for sale today. Our Certified Engineering Technicians can be involved with every step of a project, such as creation, promotion, distribution or other value added services. MANAGEMENT'S STRATEGIC VISION Our overall business strategy primarily rests on our ability to secure additional capital through financing activities. As we secure these funds, we plan to further develop products. In addition to increasing our product offerings, we intend to increase our distribution channels, increase client list making our products more widely available in additional markets. Results of Operations for the three months ended March 31, 2010 and the period from inception (April 3, 2009) to December 31, 2009. REVENUES For the three months ended March 31, 2010, and the period ended December 31, 2009, we generated no revenue. We are completely dependent upon the willingness of our management to fund our initial operations by way of loans from our Chief Executive Officer and through the advancement of certain operating costs from our officers and directors. COSTS OF GOODS SOLD We did not incur cost of sales for the three months ended March 31, 2010 or the period ended December 31, 2009. GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES General and administrative expense of $2,000 for the period ended December 31, 2009 can be primarily be attributed to our need to pay for incorporation costs and filing fees. 23 NET INCOME/LOSS Our expenses for the period ended December 31, 2009 were $2,000. This is due to costs associated with our incorporation as described above. We did not incur expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2010. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES LIQUIDITY We expect to be able to secure capital through advances from our Chief Executive Officer in order to pay expenses such as organizational costs, filing fees, accounting fees and legal fees. We believe it will be difficult to secure capital in the future because we have no assets to secure debt and there is currently no trading market for our securities. We will need additional capital in the next twelve months and if we cannot raise such capital on acceptable terms, we may have to curtail our operations or terminate our business entirely. The inability to obtain financing or generate sufficient cash from operations could require us to reduce or eliminate expenditures for developing products and services, or otherwise curtail or discontinue our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, to the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the issuance of such securities may result in dilution to existing stockholders. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of debt securities, these securities may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to holders of our common stock and the terms of such debt could impose restrictions on our operations. Regardless of whether our cash assets prove to be inadequate to meet our operational needs, we may seek to compensate providers of services by issuing stock in lieu of cash, which may also result in dilution to existing stockholders. OPERATING CAPITAL AND CAPITAL EXPENDITURE REQUIREMENTS We are currently funding our initial operations by way of issuing 20,000,000 shares of our common stock valued at $0.0001 per share to our Chief Executive Officer. Our executive officers and directors have committed to advancing certain operating costs in order to start implementing our business plan. As such, our operating capital is currently limited to the personal resources of our Chief Executive Officer. The loans from our Chief Executive Officer are unsecured and non-interest bearing and have no set terms of repayment. We anticipate receiving additional capital once we are able to have our securities listed on a public exchange. OFF-BALANCE SHEET TRANSACTIONS We currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 24 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE We have had no changes in or disagreements with our accountants. None of our principal independent accountants have resigned or declined to stand for re-election. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As a Smaller Reporting Company, as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, we are electing scaled disclosure reporting obligations and therefore are not required to provide the information requested by this Item. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS The following table sets forth the name, age, positions, and offices or employments for the past five years as of June 18, 2010, of our executive officers and directors. Members of the board are elected and serve for one year terms or until their successors are elected and qualified. All of the officers serve at the pleasure of our Board of Directors. Name Age Position - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- Doug Clark 45 President, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director Robert McLean 41 Chief Financial Officer Grant Stummer 44 Director - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- BOARD OF DIRECTORS Our board of directors consists of only one class. All of the directors will serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualified, or until their earlier death, retirement, resignation or removal. The following is information on the business experience of our directors and executive officers: BIOGRAPHIES OF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS Doug Clark has been our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board since April 2009. Mr. Clark devotes a minimum of 40% of his working time to the affairs of our Company. Mr. Clark graduated top of his class in Engineering Tool Design at George Brown College and is a current member of OACETT. Mr Clark worked for several plastic tool shops before starting his own Plastic Design company 14 years ago where he has worked on numerous automotive, medical, office and consumer projects from concept to production. Robert McLean has been our Chief Financial Officer since April 2009. Mr. McLean devotes a minimum of 25% of his working time to the affairs of our Company. Mr. McLean graduated with an honors degree from University of Toronto in 1995, and shortly thereafter started to work for a brokerage firm where he had multiple roles as VP of Operations, compliance and also managed his own book of business since 1996. He completed his PDO (Partners, Directors and Senior Officers Qualifying exam) shortly thereafter. Mr. MacLean now runs his own international product development firm and also oversees a nationally known brand of outdoor living products. Grant Stummer, CEO of a custom Plastics molder since 1992 has worked his way from engineering manager to co-owner of the Mississauga based company. This niche ISO9001 certified plastics company produces complex components that are used worldwide in many industries. In the last 15 years he has tripled his sales and has implemented systems that have increased his profitability as a lean manufacturer. 25 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Summary Compensation Table - -------------------------------------------- Name and Year Base Bonus Dollar Value Principal Ended Salary of Total Position December Compensation 31, 2009 for the Covered Fiscal Year $ $ $ (a) (b) (c) (d) (j) - -------------------------------------------- Doug Clark, President, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director 2009 -0- -0- -0- - -------------------------------------------- As of June 18, 2010, we have not paid any compensation to, or entered into any written employment agreements with our Principal Executive Officer, or any other employee. We have, however, verbally agreed with Mr. Clark that employment compensation with base salary and bonuses will be negotiated and determined once our operations begin. OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END No equity awards were granted during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 to our named executive officer. We do not have any qualified or non-qualified defined benefit plans or nonqualified defined contribution plans or other deferred compensation plans. There are no contracts, agreements, plans or arrangements that provide for payment to our named executive officer following or in connection with the resignation, retirement or termination of the named executive officer, a change in control of our Company, or a change in the named executive officer's responsibilities following a change in control. DIRECTOR COMPENSATION During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009, we did not pay compensation to any of our directors for serving on our board. At the present time, there are no verbal or written contracts, agreements, plans or arrangements to compensate our directors for their services on our board of directors. 26 COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009, Doug Clark and Grant Stummer served as our directors. We do not have a separately standing compensation committee and our board of directors did not perform similar functions as there was no executive compensation paid from our inception on April 3, 2009 through the end of our most recently completed fiscal year ended December 31, 2009. Our board of directors performs the functions of a compensation committee, however as of June 18, 2010, the board of directors has not set any compensation. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009, none of our executive officers: * served as a member of the compensation committee (or other board committee performing equivalent functions or, in the absence of any such committee, the entire the board of directors) of another entity, one of whose executive officers served as a member of our board of directors; * served as a director of another entity, one of whose executive officers served as a member of our board of directors; or * served as a member of the compensation committee (or other board committee performing equivalent functions or, in the absence of any such committee, the entire the board of directors) of another entity, one of whose executive officers served as a member of our board of directors. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth certain information as of June 18, 2010, as to shares of our common stock beneficially owned by: (1) each person who is known by us to own beneficially more than 5% of our common stock, (2) our named executive officer listed in the summary compensation table, (3) each of our directors and (4) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock that they beneficially own, subject to applicable community property laws. Name and Address of Common Shares Percent of Beneficial Owner (1) Beneficially of Class (2) Owned - ----------------------- ---------------- ------------ Doug Clark 20,000,000 64.5 % Robert McLean 0 -0- Grant Stummer 0 -0- Directors and executive officers as a group (3 persons) 20,000,000 64.5 % (1) The address of all individual directors and executive officers is c/o Innovative Product Opportunities Inc., 730 Gana Court Mississauga, Ontario Canada L5S 1P1. (2) The number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding on June 18, 2010 was 31,000,000 shares. 27 DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION OF INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons in accordance with the provisions contained in our Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws, Delaware law or otherwise, we have been advised that, in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, this indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. If a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person in the successful defense of any action, suit, or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and we will follow the court's determination. TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PERSONS, PROMOTERS AND CERTAIN CONTROL PERSONS As of March 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009, we received advances from our Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of the Board and founder, Doug Clark, totaling $ 0 and $2,000,respectively, to pay for incorporation costs and services. These advances were repaid with 20,000,000 shares of our common stock on April 3, 2009. Our policy with regard to transactions with related persons or entities is that such transactions must be on terms no less favorable than could be obtained from non-related persons. The above-described transactions were conducted at arms length and on terms no less favorable than those that could be obtained from non-related person. The above related party transactions are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that would have been incurred had a comparable transaction been entered into with an independent party. The terms of these transactions were more favorable than would have been attained if the transactions were negotiated at arm's length. DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE As of June 18, 2010, Doug Clark, and Grant Stummer serve as our directors. Grant Stummer is an "independent" director, as defined under the standards of independence set forth in the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. We intend to apply to have our common stock traded on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board, or OTCBB. The OTCBB does not require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. 28 DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES Our Certificate of Incorporation and our By-laws provide that members of our Board of Directors shall not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director except for liability: - - for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders; - - for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; - - under Section 174 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (relating to distributions by insolvent corporations); or - - for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. Our Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws also provide that we may indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. A right of indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer and will inure to the benefit of the heirs and personal representatives of such a person. The indemnification provided by our Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws will not be deemed exclusive of any other rights that may be provided now or in the future under any provision currently in effect or hereafter adopted by our Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws, by any agreement, by vote of our stockholders, by resolution of our directors, by provision of law or otherwise. PART II - INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION The estimated costs of the issuance and distribution of the securities registered under this prospectus are denoted below. Please note that all amounts are estimates other than the Commission's registration fee. Amount to Be paid SEC Registration Fee $ 17 Printing and Edgarizing expenses $ 1,500 Legal fees and expenses $ 16,000 Accounting fees and expenses $ 5,000 Transfer agent $ 500 Stock certificates $ 300 Miscellaneous $ 800 Total $ 24,117 We will pay all expenses of the offering listed above from cash advanced by our executive officers. No portion of these expenses will be borne by the selling stockholders. 29 RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES On April 3, 2009, we issued 20,000,000 shares of our common stock to our founder, Doug Clark, for incorporation costs and services totaling $2,000. We issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock to Nadav Elituv on May 14, 2010 in exchange for software development services valued at $10,000. We issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock that to The Cellular Connection, Ltd. on May 14, 2010 in exchange for business development services valued at $10,000. We issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock to Bradley Southam on May 14, 2010 in exchange for graphic arts development services valued at $10,000. We issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock to Evan Schwartzberg on May 14, 2010 in exchange for accounting and financial services valued at $10,000. We issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock to Brett W. Gold on May 14, 2010 in exchange for business development services valued at $10,000. We issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock to Al Kau on May 14, 2010 in exchange for business development services valued at $10,000. We issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock to Larry Burke on May 14, 2010 in exchange for design and technical services valued at $10,000. We issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock to Aaron Shrira on May 14, 2010 in exchange for business development services valued at $10,000. We issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock to Danielle Goose on May 14, 2010 in exchange for business development services valued at $10,000. We issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock to William Reil on May 14, 2010 in exchange for business development services valued at $10,000. We issued 1,000,000 shares of common stock in trust to benefit Metro One Development, Inc. shareholders on May 14, 2010 in exchange for product development services valued at $10,000. The securities issued in the foregoing transactions were undertaken under Rule 506 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, by the fact that: - - the sale was made to a sophisticated or accredited investor, as defined in Rule 502; - - we gave the purchaser the opportunity to ask questions and receive answers concerning the terms and conditions of the offering and to obtain any additional information which we possessed or could acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to verify the accuracy of information furnished; - - at a reasonable time prior to the sale of securities, we advised the purchaser of the limitations on resale in the manner contained in Rule 502(d)2; - - neither we nor any person acting on our behalf sold the securities by any form of general solicitation or general advertising; and 30 - - we exercised reasonable care to assure that the purchaser of the securities is not an underwriter within the meaning of Section 2(11) of the Securities Act of 1933 in compliance with Rule 502(d). Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation, dated April 3, 2009 (filed herewith). 3.2 Bylaws, dated April 3, 2009 (filed herewith). 4.1 Specimen Stock Certificate (filed herewith). 5.1 Legal opinion of Gersten Savage LLP (filed herewith) 10.1 Innovative Product Opportunities Inc. Trust Agreement (filed herewith) 23.1 Consent of De Joya Griffith & Company, LLC, independent registered public accounting firm (filed herewith). 23.2 Consent of Gersten Savage LLP(incorporated in Exhibit 5.1). ____________ Financial Statement Schedules Schedules have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. UNDERTAKINGS (a) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) To include any prospectus required by section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) (Section 230.424(b) of this chapter) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the "Calculation of Registration Fee" table in the effective registration statement. (iii) To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement. 31 (2) That, for the purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of the securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (4) That, for the purposes of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser: (i)(A) Each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) (Section 230.424(b)(3) of this chapter) shall be deemed to be part of the registration as of the date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and (B) Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) (Section230.424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) of this chapter) as part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x) (Section230.415(a) (1)(i), (vii), or (x) of this chapter) for the purpose of providing the information required by section 10(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the offering described in this prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such effective date. (h) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 32 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in the City of Mississauga, Province of Ontario, Canada, on June 22 2010. Innovative Product Opportunities Inc. By: /s/ Doug Clark --------------------- Doug Clark Principal Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement was signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates stated. Signature Title Date /s/ Doug Clark 6/22/10 - --------------------- --------------- Doug Clark Principal Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board /s/ Robert McLean 6/22/10 - --------------------- --------------- Robert McLean Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer /s/ Grant Stummer 6/22/10 - --------------------- --------------- Grant Stummer Director 33
