diversifieds1.htm UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT Under THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 DIVERSIFIED RESOURCES INC. (Name of small business issuer in its charter) Nevada 1041 98-0687026 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 37 Mayfair Road SW, Calgary, Alberta, T2V 1Y8, Canada (403) 862-5331 (Address and telephone number of principal executive offices) 37 Mayfair Road SW, Calgary, Alberta, T2V 1Y8, Canada (Address of principal place of business or intended place of business) Nevada Agency and Trust Company 50 West Liberty Street, Suite 880, Reno, Nevada 89501 (775) 322-0626 (Name, address and telephone number of agent for service) With copies to: Karen A. Batcher, Esq Synergen Law Group, APC 819 Anchorage Place, Suite 28 Chula Vista, CA 91914 Tel: (619) 475-7882 Fax: (866) 352-4342 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to public: As soon as practical after the effective date of this Registration Statement. If any of the securities being registered on this form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following box. x If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities At registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o Table of Contents Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, and accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer o Accelerated Filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller Reporting Company x CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE TITLE OF EACH CLASS OF SECURITIES TO BE REGISTERED AMOUNT TO BE REGISTERED PROPOSED MAXIMUM OFFERING PRICE PER SHARE (1) PROPOSED MAXIMUM AGGREGATE OFFERING PRICE (1) AMOUNT OF REGISTRATION FEE (1) Common Stock 2,200,000 shares $0.02 $44,000 $5.10 (1) Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee in accordance with Rule 457(a) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. THE REGISTRANT HEREBY AMENDS THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON SUCH DATE OR DATES AS MAY BE NECESSARY TO DELAY ITS EFFECTIVE DATE UNTIL THE REGISTRANT SHALL FILE A FURTHER AMENDMENT WHICH SPECIFICALLY STATES THAT THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT SHALL THEREAFTER BECOME EFFECTIVE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 8(a) OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR UNTIL THE RERGISTRATION SHALL BECOME EFFECTIVE ON SUCH A DATE AS THE COMMISSION, ACTING PURSUANT TO SECTION 8(a), MAY DETERMINE. Table of Contents SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, Dated June 28, 2011 PROSPECTUS DIVERSIFIED RESOURCES INC. 2,200,000 SHARES COMMON STOCK The selling shareholders named in this prospectus are offering the 2,200,000 shares of our common stock offered through this prospectus. The 2,200,000 shares offered by the selling shareholders represent 41.9% of the total outstanding shares as of the date of this prospectus. We will not receive any proceeds from this offering. We have set an offering price for these securities of $0.02 per share of our common stock offered through this prospectus. Offering Price Underwriting Discounts and Commissions Proceeds to Selling Shareholders Per Share $0.02 None $0.02 Total $44,000 None $44,000 Our common stock is presently not traded on any market or securities exchange. The sales price to the public is fixed at 0.02 per share until such time as the shares of our common stock are traded on the NASD Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board electronic quotation service. Although we intend to apply for trading of our common stock on the NASD Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board electronic quotation service, public trading of our common stock may never materialize. If our common stock becomes traded on the NASD Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board electronic quotation service, then the sale price to the public will vary according to prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices by the selling shareholders. The purchase of the securities offered through this prospectus involves a high degree of risk. See section of this Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” on page 5. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. The prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. The Date of This Prospectus Is: June 28, 2011 1 Table of Contents Table of Contents Page Summary 3 Risk Factors 5 Forward-Looking Statements 10 Use of Proceeds 10 Determination of Offering Price 10 Dilution 10 Selling Shareholders 10 Plan of Distribution 12 Description of Securities 13 Interest of Named Experts and Counsel 15 Description of Business 15 Legal Proceedings 21 Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 22 Financial Statements 25 Plan of Operations 48 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants 51 Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons 51 Executive Compensation 53 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 55 Disclosure of Commission Position of Indemnification for Securities Act Liabilities 55 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 56 Available Information 56 Dealer Prospectus Delivery Obligation 57 Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution 58 Indemnification of Directors and Officers 58 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 59 Table of Exhibits 61 Undertakings 61 Signatures 62 2 Table of Contents Sum mary As used in this prospectus, unless the context otherwise requires, “we”, “us”, “our”, “ Diversified Resources” or “Diversified” refers to Diversified Resources Inc. All dollar amounts in this prospectus are in U.S. dollars unless otherwise stated. The following summary is not complete and does not contain all of the information that may be important to you. You should read the entire prospectus before making an investment decision to purchase our common shares. Diversified Resources Inc. We are in the business of mineral exploration. On June 15, 2009 we entered in a Mineral Lease Agreement whereby we leased from Timberwolf Minerals, LTD a total of two (2) unpatented lode mining claims in the State of Nevada which we refer to as the Dunfee Property. These mineral claims are located in Section 14 & 23, Township 7 South, Range 41 1/2 East, Mt. Diablo Baseline & Meridian, Esmeralda County, Nevada, USA, owned by Timberwolf Minerals LTD. In January of 2011, we staked an additional twenty (20) unpatented lode mining claims under the mineral lease agreement to expand the Dunfee Property. According to the lease Diversified has agreed to pay Timberwolf Minerals, LTD minimum royalty payments which shall be paid in advance. Diversified paid the sum of $5,275 upon execution of this lease. Diversified also paid $5,000 on the first anniversary of the lease, and paid $5,000 on the second anniversary of the lease and agreed to pay $10,000 on or before the third anniversary of the lease, $25,000 on or before the fourth anniversary of the lease and each annual payment after that shall be $75,000 plus an annual increase or decrease equivalent to the rate of inflation designated by the Consumer’s Price Index for that year with execution year as base year. Diversified will pay Timberwolf Minerals, LTD a royalty of 3.5% of the Net Returns from all ores, minerals, concentrates, or other products mined and removed from the property and sold or processed by Diversified, quarterly. The term of this lease is for twenty (20) years, renewable for an additional twenty (20) years so long as conditions of the lease are met. Our plan of operations is to conduct mineral exploration activities on the Dunfee Property in order to assess whether these claims possess commercially exploitable mineral deposits. (Commercially exploitable mineral deposits are deposits which are suitably adequate or prepared for productive use of a natural accumulation of minerals or ores). Our exploration program is designed to explore for commercially viable deposits of gold, silver, copper or any other valuable minerals. (Commercially viable deposits are deposits which are suitably adequate or prepared for productive use of an economically workable natural accumulation of minerals or ores). We have not, nor has any predecessor, identified any commercially exploitable reserves of these minerals on our mineral claims. (A reserve is an estimate within specified accuracy limits of the valuable metal or mineral content of known deposits that may be produced under current economic conditions and with present technology). We are an exploration stage company and there is no assurance that a commercially viable mineral deposit exists on our mineral claims. After acquiring a lease on the Dunfee Property, we retained the services of Robert Thomas, a Professional Geologist. Mr. Thomas prepared geologic reports for us on the mineral exploration potential of the claims. Mr. Thomas has no direct or indirect interest and does not expect to receive an interest in any of the Dunfee Property claims. Included in the reports are recommended exploration programs which consists of mapping, sampling, staking additional claims and drilling. The recommendations of Mr. Thomas are further explained in the “Description of Business” section. 3 Table of Contents At this time we are uncertain of the extent of mineral exploration we will conduct before concluding that there are, or are not, commercially viable minerals on our claims. Further phases beyond the current exploration program will be dependent upon numerous factors such as Mr. Thomas’ recommendations based upon ongoing exploration program results and our available funds. We have not earned any revenues to date. We do not anticipate earning revenues until such time as we have entered into commercial production of our mineral properties. We are presently in the exploration stage of our business and we can provide no assurance that we will discover commercially exploitable levels of mineral resources on our property, or if such resources are discovered, that we will enter into commercial production of our mineral property. As of January 31, 2011, we had $32,049 cash on hand and no liabilities. Accordingly our working capital position as of January 31, 2011 was $32,049. Since our inception through January 31, 2011, we have incurred a net loss of $27,951. We attribute our net loss to having no revenues to offset our expenses and the professional fees related to the creation and operation of our business. John Kinross-Kennedy, C.P.A., our independent auditor, has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern given our lack of operating history and the fact to date have had no revenues. Our fiscal year ended is October 31. We were incorporated on March 19, 2009 under the laws of the State of Nevada. Our principal offices are located at 37 Mayfair Road SW, Calgary, Alberta, Canada. Our telephone number is (403) 862-5331. The Offering Securities Being Offered Up to 2,200,000 shares of our common stock. Offering Price The offering price of the common stock is $0.02 per share. We intend to apply to the NASD Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board electronic quotation service to allow the trading of our common stock upon our becoming a reporting entity under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. If our common stock becomes so traded and a market for the stock develops, the actual price of stock will be determined by prevailing market prices at the time of sale or by private transaction negotiated by the selling shareholders. The offering price would thus be determined by market factors and the independent decisions of the selling shareholders. 4 Table of Contents Minimum Number of Shares None. To Be Sold in This Offering Securities Issued and to be Issued 5,250,000 shares of our common stock are issued and outstanding as of the date of this prospectus. All of the common stock to be sold under this prospectus will be sold by existing shareholders and thus there will be no increase in our issued and outstanding shares as a result of this offering. The issuance to the selling shareholders was exempt due to the provisions of Regulation S. Use of Proceeds We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the common stock by the selling shareholders. Summary Financial Information April 30, 2011 October 31, 2010 Balance Sheet Data (unaudited) (audited) Cash $ 29,061 $ 44,180 Total Current Assets $ 29,061 $ 44,180 Liabilities $ - $ - Total Stockholder’s Equity $ 29,061 $ 44,180 Statement of Loss and Deficit From Inception From Inception (March 19, 2009) to (March 19, 2009) to April 30, 2011 October 31, 2010 (unaudited) Revenue $ - $ - Net Loss for the Period $ 30,939 $ 15,820 Risk Fa ctors An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information in this prospectus before investing in our common stock. If any of the following risks occur, our business, operating results and financial condition could be seriously harmed. The trading price of our common stock, when and if we trade at a later date, could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related To Our Financial Condition and Business Model If we do not obtain additional financing, our business will fail Our current operating funds will only cover initial stages of our exploration program. In order for us to carry out any further exploration or testing we will need to obtain additional financing. We currently do not have any operations and we have no income. We will require additional financing to conduct further exploration programs. We will require additional financing to sustain our business operations if we are not successful in earning revenues once 5 Table of Contents exploration is complete. We currently do not have any arrangements for financing and we may not be able to obtain financing when required. Although we have no arrangements in place for any future equity financing, in the case that we did conduct a financing from the sale of our common stock, this financing would have a dilutive impact on our stockholders and could negatively affect the stock price. Obtaining additional financing would be subject to a number of factors, including the market prices for gold and other minerals. These factors may make the timing, amount, terms or conditions of additional financing unavailable to us. We have yet to attain profitable operations and because we will need additional financing to fund our exploration activities, our accountants believe there is substantial doubt about the company’s ability to continue as a going concern We have incurred a net loss of $30,939 for the period from March 19, 2009 (Inception) to April 30, 2011 and have no revenues to date. Our future is dependent upon our ability to obtain financing and upon future profitable operations from the development of our mineral project. These factors raise substantial doubt that we will be able to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements included with this prospectus have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern. Our auditors have made reference to the substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern in their audit report on our audited financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2010. If we are not able to achieve revenues, then we may not be able to continue as a going concern and our financial condition and business prospects will be adversely affected. Since this is an exploration project, we face a high risk of business failure due to our inability to predict the success of our business We are in the initial stages of exploration of our mineral project, and thus have no way to evaluate the likelihood that we will be able to operate the business successfully. We were incorporated on March 19, 2009 and to date have been involved primarily in organizational activities and the acquisition and preliminary exploration of the Dunfee Property. We have not earned any revenues as of the date of this prospectus. Because of the speculative nature of exploration of mining properties, there is substantial risk that no commercially exploitable minerals will be found and our business will fail Potential investors should be aware of the difficulties normally encountered by new mineral exploration companies and the high rate of failure of such enterprises. The search for valuable minerals as a business is extremely risky. We may not find commercially exploitable reserves of gold or other minerals. The expenditures to be made by us on our exploration program may not result in the discovery of commercial quantities of ore. The likelihood of success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays encountered in connection with the exploration of the mineral properties that we plan to undertake. Problems such as unusual or unexpected formations and other conditions are involved in mineral exploration and often result in unsuccessful exploration efforts. In such a case, we would be unable to complete our business plan. 6 Table of Contents Even if we discover commercial reserves of precious metals on our mineral claims, we may not be able to successfully obtain commercial production Our mineral claims do not contain any known reserves of precious metals. However, if our exploration programs are successful in discovering commercially exploitable reserves of precious metals, we will require additional funds in order to place the mineral claims into commercial production. At this time, there is a risk that we will not be able to obtain such financing as and when needed. It is premature to estimate the amount required to place the mineral claims into commercial production, as we do not have sufficient information. Because of the inherent dangers involved in mineral exploration, there is a risk that we may incur liability or damages as we conduct our business The search for valuable minerals involves numerous hazards. As a result, we may become subject to liability for such hazards, including pollution, cave-ins and other hazards against which we cannot insure or against which we may elect not to insure. At the present time we have no coverage to insure against these hazards. The payment of such liabilities may have a material adverse effect on our financial position. Because access to our mineral claims may be restricted by bad weather, we may be delayed in our exploration Once exploration begins, access to the claim may be restricted through some of the year due to weather in the area. As a result, any attempt to test or explore the property is largely limited to the times when weather permits such activities. These limitations can result in significant delays in exploration efforts. Such delays can have a significant negative effect on our exploration efforts. Because our executive officers have only agreed to provide their services on a part-time basis, they may not be able or willing to devote a sufficient amount of time to our business operations, causing our business to fail Because we are in the early stages of our business, our executive officers will not be spending a significant amount of time on our business. Mr. Smith, our president, expects to expend approximately 10 hours per week on Diversified business. Competing demands on Mr. Smith’s time may lead to a divergence between his interests and the interests of other shareholders. Mr. Smith works as a self-employed business man and none of this work will directly compete with Diversified. Mr. Cormie, our secretary, expects to expend approximately 2 hours per week on Diversified business. Competing demands on Mr. Cormies’s time may lead to a divergence between his interests and the interests of other shareholders. Mr. Cormie is a lawyer and none of this work will directly compete with Diversified. 7 Table of Contents Because our directors own 58.09% of our outstanding common stock, investors may find that corporate decisions influenced by the directors are inconsistent with the best interests of other stockholders Our directors own approximately 58% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. Accordingly, they will have a significant influence in determining the outcome of all corporate transactions or other matters, including mergers, consolidations and the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, and also the power to prevent or cause a change in control. While we have no current plans with regard to any merger, consolidation or sale of substantially all of its assets, the interests of our directors may still differ from the interests of the other stockholders. Our President, Mr. Smith, owns 3,000,000 common shares for which he paid $0.005. Our Secretary, Mr. Cormie owns 25,000 common shares for which he paid $0.02. Mr. O’Hara, a director, owns 25,000 common shares for which he paid $0.02. Because our directors are Canadian residents, difficulty may arise in attempting to effect service or process on them in Canada Because our directors are Canadian residents, difficulty may arise in attempting to effect service or process on them in Canada or in enforcing a judgment against Diversified’s assets located outside of the United States. Because we lease the Dunfee Property, we face the risk of not being able to meet the requirements of the lease and may be forced to default on the agreement Under the terms of the lease on the Dunfee Property, Diversified has agreed to pay minimum annual royalties on or before June 15 of every year. If Diversified is unable to meet these obligations, we may be forced to default on the agreement and the lease may be terminated by the owner resulting in the loss of the property for Diversified. Risks Related To Legal Uncertainty and Regulations As we undertake exploration of the Dunfee Property we will be subject to compliance with government regulation that may increase the anticipated cost of our exploration program There are several governmental regulations that materially restrict mineral exploration. We will be subject to the laws of the State of Nevada as we carry out our exploration program. We may be required to obtain work permits, post bonds and perform remediation work for any physical disturbance to the land in order to comply with these laws. While our planned exploration program budgets for regulatory compliance, there is a risk that new regulations could increase our costs of doing business and prevent us from carrying out our exploration program. We currently have budgeted $1,000 for regulatory compliance. Risks Related To This Offering If a market for our common stock does not develop, shareholders may be unable to sell their shares There is currently no market for our common stock and a market may never develop. Our stock is currently not traded on any market or exchange, and therefore our shares can only be purchased through private transactions. We plan to apply for listing of our common stock on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board electronic quotation service upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. However, our shares may never 8 Table of Contents be traded on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board electronic quotation service or, if traded, a public market may never materialize. If our common stock is not traded on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board electronic quotation service or if a public market for our common stock does not develop, investors may not be able to re-sell the shares of our common stock that they have purchased and may lose all of their investment. If a market for our common stock develops, our stock price may be volatile If a market for our common stock develops, we anticipate that the market price of our common stock will be subject to wide fluctuations in response to several factors, including: the results of our geological exploration program; our ability or inability to arrange for financing; commodity prices for gold, silver or other minerals; and conditions and trends in the mining industry. In addition, if our common stock is traded on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board electronic quotation service, our stock price may be impacted by factors that are unrelated or disproportionate to our operating performance. These market fluctuations, as well as general economic, political and market conditions, such as recessions, interest rates or international currency fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. If the selling shareholders sell a large number of shares all at once or in blocks, the market price of our shares would most likely decline The selling shareholders are offering 2,200,000 shares of our common stock through this prospectus. Our common stock is presently not traded on any market or securities exchange, but should a market develop, shares sold at a price below the current market price at which the common stock is trading will cause that market price to decline. Moreover, the offer or sale of a large number of shares at any price may cause the market price to fall. The outstanding shares of common stock covered by this prospectus represent approximately 41.9% of the common shares outstanding as of the date of this prospectus. Because our stock is a penny stock, shareholders will be more limited in their ability to sell their stock The shares offered by this prospectus constitute a penny stock under the Securities and Exchange Act. The shares will remain classified as a penny stock for the foreseeable future. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than $5.00. Broker/dealer practices in connection with transactions in “penny stocks” are regulated by certain penny stock rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission. The penny stock rules require a broker/dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the Securities and Exchange Commission that provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker/dealer must provide the customer with bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker/dealer, and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer’s account. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise 9 Table of Contents exempt from such rules: the broker/dealer must make a special written determination that a penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser’s written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of price fluctuations in the price of the stock and may reduce the level of trading activity in any secondary market for a stock that becomes subject to the penny stock rules, and accordingly, investors in this offering may find it difficult to sell their securities, if at all. Forward-L ook ing Statements This prospectus contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. We use words such as anticipate, believe, plan, expect, future, intend and similar expressions to identify such forward-looking statements. The actual results could differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Our actual results are most likely to differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements for many reasons, including the risks faced by us described in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this prospectus. Use of Pro ceeds We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the common stock offered through this prospectus by the selling shareholders. Determina tio n of Offering Price The $0.02 per share offering price of our common stock was determined arbitrarily by us. There is no relationship whatsoever between this price and our assets, earnings, book value or any other objective criteria of value. We intend to apply to the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board electronic quotation service for the trading of our common stock upon our becoming a reporting entity under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”). If our common stock becomes so traded and a market for the stock develops, the actual price of stock will be determined by prevailing market prices at the time of sale or by private transactions negotiated by the selling shareholders named in this prospectus. The offering price would thus be determined by market factors and the independent decisions of the selling shareholders named in this prospectus. Dil uti on The common stock to be sold by the selling shareholders is common stock that is currently issued and outstanding. Accordingly, there will be no dilution to our existing shareholders. Sellin g S hareholders The selling shareholders named in this prospectus are offering all of the 2,200,000 shares of common stock offered through this prospectus. The selling shareholders acquired the 2,200,000 shares of common stock offered through this prospectus from us at a price of $0.02 per share in an offering that was exempt from registration under Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and completed on September 30, 2010. We will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission prospectus supplements to specify the names of any successors to the selling shareholders specified in this registration statement who are able to use the prospectus included in this registration statement to resell the shares registered by this registration statement. 10 Table of Contents The following table provides, as of the date of this prospectus, information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock held by each of the selling shareholders, including: 1. The number of shares owned by each prior to this offering; 2. The total number of shares that are to be offered by each; 3. The total number of shares that will be owned by each upon completion of the offering; 4. The percentage owned by each upon completion of the offering; and 5. The identity of the beneficial holder of any entity that owns the shares. Name Of Selling Stockholder Shares Owned Prior to this Offering Total Number of Shares to Be Offered for Selling Shareholder Account Total Shares to be Owned Upon Completion of this Offering Percent Owned Upon Completion of this Offering Jerrald Anderberg 50,000 50,000 Nil Nil Angela Auty 25,000 25,000 Nil Nil Kevin Auty “In Trust For Justin Auty” 25,000 25,000 Nil Nil Kevin Auty 25,000 25,000 Nil Nil Sean Baylis 25,000 25,000 Nil Nil Nancy Bird 25,000 25,000 Nil Nil Arlene Connell 25,000 25,000 Nil Nil John Connell 25,000 25,000 Nil Nil Kevin Auty “In Trust For David Domoslai” 25,000 25,000 Nil Nil Beverly Exner 50,000 50,000 Nil Nil Gary Exner 50,000 50,000 Nil Nil Roger Giovenetto 100,000 100,000 Nil Nil Thomas Hewitt 500,000 500,000 Nil Nil Barbara Horn 25,000 25,000 Nil Nil Daniel Horner 25,000 25,000 Nil Nil Bryon Howard 25,000 25,000 Nil Nil Murray Luft 25,000 25,000 Nil Nil Norman MacKenzie 250,000 250,000 Nil Nil Jason McDonald 25,000 25,000 Nil Nil John McKee 25,000 25,000 Nil Nil Beverly Munro 350,000 350,000 Nil Nil Marilyn Mora 150,000 150,000 Nil Nil Lynn Morin 25,000 25,000 Nil Nil Pro Golf Design 100,000 100,000 Nil Nil 11 Table of Contents Andrew Rogers 100,000 100,000 Nil Nil Chris Scase 25,000 25,000 Nil Nil Darryl Scase 25,000 25,000 Nil Nil Shannon Weaver 50,000 50,000 Nil Nil Dick Zeeuwen 25,000 25,000 Nil Nil Total 2,200,000 2,200,000 Nil Nil The named party beneficially owns and has sole voting and investment power over all shares or rights to these shares, unless otherwise shown in the table. The numbers in this table assume that none of the selling shareholders sells shares of common stock not being offered in this prospectus or purchases additional shares of common stock, and assumes that all shares offered are sold. None of the selling shareholders: (1) has had a material relationship with us other than as a shareholder at any time within the past three years; or (2) has ever been one of our officers or directors. Prior to each sale of shares to the Selling Shareholders, each Selling Shareholder represented in writing to the Company that the Shares would be purchased solely for the account of the shareholder and not for distribution. The selling Shareholders further represented that, at the time of purchase, they did not have any agreements or understandings, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the securities. All Selling Shareholders have represented to the Company that they intend to sell their shares in the ordinary course of business. Plan of Dist rib ution The selling shareholders may sell some or all of their common stock in one or more transactions, including block transactions: 1. On such public markets as the common stock may from time to time be trading; 2. In privately negotiated transactions; 3. Through the writing of options on the common stock; 4. In short sales; or 5. In any combination of these methods of distribution. The sales price to the public is fixed at $0.02 per share until such time as the shares of our common stock are traded on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board electronic quotation service. Although we intend to apply for trading of our common stock on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board electronic quotation service, public trading of our common stock may never materialize. If our common stock becomes traded on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board electronic quotation service, then the sales price to the public will vary according to the selling decisions of each selling shareholder and the market for our stock at the time of resale. In these circumstances, the sales price to the public may be: 12 Table of Contents 1. The market price of our common stock prevailing at the time of sale; 2. A price related to such prevailing market price of our common stock; or 3. Such other price as the selling shareholders determine from time to time. The shares may also be sold in compliance with the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rule 144. We can provide no assurance that all or any of the common stock offered will be sold by the selling shareholders named in this prospectus. We are bearing all costs relating to the registration of the common stock. The selling shareholders, however, will pay any commissions or other fees payable to brokers or dealers in connection with any sale of the common stock. The selling shareholders named in this prospectus must comply with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act in the offer and sale of the common stock. The selling shareholders and any broker-dealers who execute sales for the selling shareholders may be deemed to be an "underwriter" within the meaning of the Securities Act in connection with such sales. In particular, during such times as the selling shareholders may be deemed to be engaged in a distribution of the common stock, and therefore be considered to be an underwriter, they must comply with applicable law and may, among other things: 1. Not engage in any stabilization activities in connection with our common stock; 2. Furnish each broker or dealer through which common stock may be offered, such copies of this prospectus, as amended from time to time, as may be required by such broker or dealer; and 3. Not bid for or purchase any of our securities or attempt to induce any person to purchase any of our securities other than as permitted under the Exchange Act. Des cri ption of Securities General Our authorized capital stock consists of 75,000,000 shares of common stock, with a par value of $0.001 per share. As of June 28, 2011, there were 5,250,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding held by thirty two (32) stockholders of record. Common Stock Our common stock is entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including the election of directors. Except as otherwise required by law, the holders of our common stock will possess all voting power. Generally, all matters to be voted on by stockholders must be approved by a majority or, in the case of election of directors, by a plurality, of the votes entitled to be cast by all shares of our common stock that are 13 Table of Contents present in person or represented by proxy. Two persons present and being, or represented by proxy, shareholders of the Corporation are necessary to constitute a quorum at any meeting of our stockholders. A vote by the holders of a majority of our outstanding shares is required to effectuate certain fundamental corporate changes such as liquidation, merger or an amendment to our Articles of Incorporation. Our Articles of Incorporation do not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors. Holders of our common stock have no pre-emptive rights, no conversion rights and there are no redemption provisions applicable to our common stock. Dividend Policy We have never declared or paid any dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the expansion of our business. As a result, we do not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. Pre-emptive Rights Holders of common stock are not entitled to pre-emptive or subscription or conversion rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the Common Stock. All outstanding shares of common stock are, and the shares of common stock offered hereby will be when issued, fully paid and non-assessable. Share Purchase Warrants We have not issued and do not have outstanding any warrants to purchase shares of our common stock. Options We have not issued and do not have outstanding any options to purchase shares of our common stock. Convertible Securities We have not issued and do not have outstanding any securities convertible into shares of our common stock or any rights convertible or exchangeable into shares of our common stock. Nevada Anti-Takeover laws Nevada revised statutes sections 78.378 to 78.3793 provide state regulation over the acquisition of a controlling interest in certain Nevada corporations unless the articles of incorporation or bylaws of the corporation provide that the provisions of these sections do not apply. Our articles of incorporation and bylaws do not state that these provisions do not apply. The statute creates a number of restrictions on the ability of a person or entity to acquire control of a Nevada company by setting down certain rules of conduct and voting restrictions in any acquisition attempt, among other things. The statute is limited to corporations that are organized in the state of Nevada and that have 200 or more stockholders, at least 100 of whom are stockholders of record and residents of the State of Nevada; and does business in the State of Nevada directly or through an affiliated corporation. Because of these conditions, the statute does not apply to our company. 14 Table of Contents Interests of Nam ed Experts and Counsel No expert or counsel named in this prospectus as having prepared or certified any part of this prospectus or having given an opinion upon the validity of the securities being registered or upon other legal matters in connection with the registration or offering of the common stock was employed on a contingency basis, or had, or is to receive, in connection with the offering, a substantial interest, direct or indirect, in the registrant or any of its parents or subsidiaries. Nor was any such person connected with the registrant or any of its parents or subsidiaries as a promoter, managing or principal underwriter, voting trustee, director, officer, or employee. John Kinross-Kennedy, C.P.A., our accountant, has audited our financial statements included in this prospectus and registration statement to the extent and for the periods set forth in his audit report. John Kinross-Kennedy, C.P.A. has presented his report with respect to our audited financial statements. The financial statements have been included in this prospectus and registration statement in reliance on the report by John Kinross-Kennedy, C.P.A., given his authority as an expert in auditing and accounting. The report of John Kinross-Kennedy, C.P.A. on the financial statements herein includes an explanatory paragraph that states that we have not generated revenues and have an accumulated deficit since inception which raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Karen A. Batcher, Esq of Synergen Law Group, APC our independent legal counsel, has provided an opinion on the validity of our common stock. Descript ion of Business Glossary of Technical Terms The following defined technical terms are used in our registration statement on Form S-1: Ag: the chemical symbol for silver. Au: the chemical symbol for gold. Assay: qualitative or quantitative determination of the components of a material as an ore. Cerargyrite: also known as horn silver, a mineral comprised of silver chloride. Commercially exploitable deposits: suitably adequate or prepared for productive use of a natural accumulation of minerals or ores. Deposit: an informal term for an accumulation of ore or other valuable earth material of any origin. Drilling: the creation or enlargement of a hole in a solid material with a drill. 15 Table of Contents Geologic mapping : Representation of the geologic surface or subsurface features by means of signs and symbols and with an indicated means of orientation. Includes nature and distribution of rock units and the occurrence of structural features, mineral deposits and fossil localities. Lode: a fissure in consolidated rock filled with mineral. Lode claim is that portion of a lode or vein and of the adjoining surface which has been acquired by a compliance with the law. Mining claim: that portion of the public mineral lands which a miner, for mining purposes, takes and holds in accordance with mining laws. Ore: The naturally occurring material from which a mineral or minerals of economic value can be extracted profitably or to satisfy social or political objectives. Patent: a certificate of grant by a government of an exclusive right with respect to claims. Porphyry: an igneous rock of any composition that contains conspicuous phenocrysts in a fine-grained groundmass. Reserve: the quantity of material that is calculated to lie within given boundaries. Reverse Circulation (RC): The circulation of bit-coolant and cuttings-removal liquids, drilling fluid, mud, air, or gas down the borehole outside the drill rods and upward inside the drill rods. Sampling: collecting small rock chips from outcrop areas to obtain a representative sample for assay. Unpatented claim: a mining claim to which a deed from the U.S. Government has not been received. A claim is subject to annual assessment work, to maintain ownership. Vein: a mineral deposit in tabular or shell-like form, filling a fracture in a host rock. Description of Business In General We are an exploration stage company engaged in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. We currently hold a lease on twenty two (22) unpatented lode mineral claims that we refer to as the Dunfee Property. Further exploration of these mineral claims is required before a final determination as to their viability can be made. Although exploratory work on the claims conducted prior to our obtaining a lease on the property has indicated some potential showings of mineralization, we are uncertain as to the potential existence of a commercially viable mineral deposit existing in these claims. The results of previous exploratory work of prior companies are in the “History” section below. 16 Table of Contents Our plan of operations is to carry out exploration work on these claims in order to ascertain whether they possess commercially exploitable quantities of gold, silver, copper or any other valuable minerals. We will not be able to determine whether or not our mineral claims contain a commercially exploitable mineral deposit, or reserve, until appropriate exploratory work is done and an economic evaluation based on that work concludes economic viability. Mineral Lease Agreement between Diversified Resources Inc. and Timberwolf Minerals, LTD We entered into a lease agreement with Timberwolf Minerals, LTD. effective June 15, 2009, granting Diversified Resources Inc. the exclusive possession of the Property for mining purposes during the term of this agreement. The property consists of two (2) unpatented lode mineral claims located in Section 14 & 23, Township 7 South, Range 41 1/2 East, Mt. Diablo Baseline & Meridian, Esmeralda County, Nevada, USA, owned by Timberwolf Minerals Ltd. The property is hereon referred to as the Dunfee Property. We selected this property based upon a recommendation from Robert Thomas, Professional Geologist, and in Mr. Thomas’s technical report, dated May 2009; he recommended that we further explore this property. In January 2011 we staked an additional twenty (20) unpatented lode mining claims under the mineral lease agreement to expand the Dunfee Property. According to the lease Diversified has agreed to pay Timberwolf Minerals, LTD minimum royalty payments which shall be paid in advance. Diversified paid the sum of $5,275 upon execution of this lease. Diversified also $5,000 on the first anniversary of the lease, and has agreed to pay $10,000 on or before the second and third anniversary of the lease, $25,000 on or before the fourth anniversary of the lease and each annual payment after that shall be $75,000 plus an annual increase or decrease equivalent to the rate of inflation designated by the Consumer’s Price Index for that year with execution year as base year. Diversified will pay Timberwolf Minerals, LTD a royalty of 3.5% of the Net Returns from all ores, minerals, concentrates, or other products mined and removed from the property and sold or processed by Diversified, quarterly. The term of this lease is for twenty (20) years, renewable for an additional twenty (20) years so long as conditions of the lease are met. Description and Location of the Dunfee Property The property consists of twenty two (22) unpatented lode mineral claims located in Section 14 & 23, Township 7 South, Range 41 1/2 East, Mt. Diablo Baseline & Meridian, Esmeralda County, Nevada, USA, owned by Timberwolf Minerals Ltd. The Dunfee Property is located in south-central Esmeralda County, Nevada, 30 miles southwest of Goldfield, Nevada, and approximately 3 miles southeast of Gold Point, Nevada. The property lies on the southwest flank of Mount Dunfee, at an elevation of approximately 6,000 feet in coutry studded with sagebrush and an occasional Joshua Tree. Due the low elevation, winter snows rarely exceed 2-4”, and the property is accessible year-round. Access is by paved road south from Goldfield on St. Highway 95 for 15 miles, then west on St. Highway 266 for approximately 7 miles. Turn left on paved road and proceed another 7 miles to Gold Point. At the far end of town, turn left and follow dirt roads approximately 3 miles SE to property. The climate is western desert; hot, dry summers and cold, dry winters. It rarely gets below 20 degrees Fahrenheit. Local drainages in the mountain ranges around the property run year-round. The valleys would have water in local wells that would need to be drilled. As for power, rural electric lines are a few miles away, and generators could be used on site. Gold Point is approximately 3 miles from the property is the closest source of fuel and the closest workforce. 17 Table of Contents Dunfee Property Claim List Claim name NMC# SH 2 1038773 SH 3 1038774 SH 4 1038775 SH 5 1038776 SH 6 1038777 SH 7 1038778 SH 8 1038779 SH 9 1038780 SH 10 1038781 SH 11 1038782 SH 12 980936 SH 13 1038783 SH 14 1038784 SH 15 1038785 SH 16 1038786 SH 17 1038787 SH 18 1038788 SH 19 980937 SH 20 1038789 SH 21 1038790 SH 22 1038791 SH 23 1038792 18 Table of Contents Figure 1 19 Table of Contents History The Gold Point District, originally called the Hornsilver District, was discovered in the mid-1860’s. Early production was near surface, high-grade cerargyrite (hornsilver), which quickly played out. Ore was treated at local mills in the Gold Point area. Some gold, generally free native gold, was also treated. The deeper mines in Gold Point are encountered high grade gold at depth. Total historical production from the Gold Point region amounted to approximately $1 million. A series of shafts on the Dunfee vein indicate a small tonnage of gold ore was produced, but no specific numbers for the Dunfee vein are available. The Dunfee Property is without known reserves and the proposed program is strictly exploratory in nature. Geological Exploration Program in General We have obtained an independent Geologic Report on the Dunfee Property and have acquired a lease on the property. Robert Thomas prepared the Geologic Report and reviewed all available exploration data completed on the mineral claims. Mr. Robert D. Thomas is a graduate of the Wesleyan University, where he obtained a M.A. Degree in Geology in 1974. He has been engaged in his profession as a Professional Geologist since 1974. Geologic Report for the Dunfee Property, Dated May 2009 A primary purpose of the geologic report was to review information from previous exploration of the property and to recommend exploration procedures to establish the feasibility of a mining project on the property. The report summarizes results of the history of the exploration of the property, the regional and local geology and the structure and mineralization of the property. The report also includes a recommended exploration program. Conclusions of the Geologic Report for the Dunfee Property Based on the property and research of the property Mr. Thomas came to the following conclusion: The best potential on the Dunfee vein system lies at depth below the level that has been previously tested by shallow drilling. The presence of a series of parallel veins in the Dunfee area suggest the further possibility of a series of parallel zones of gold mineralization, and the upside potential for a broad zone where the rock between the veins also contains sufficient gold mineralization that the entire underlying intrusive might represent a Tintina Gold Belt-type gold system. The Dunfee Mine area is one of the few locations throughout western Esmeralda County where this bulk mineable potential does not appear to have been eroded. Mr. Thomas recommended a four phase exploration program. Phase one and two consists of geologic mapping and sampling, completed in increasing detail as drill target areas are defined. Phase three consists of a possible (IP) geophysical survey to further define drill targets. Phase four consists of drilling 5,000 feet of Reverse Circulation drill holes, as well as assays and will require bonding, permitting and other associated expenses. The implementation of each phase is dependent on the previous phase. 20 Table of Contents Competition We are a junior mineral resource exploration company engaged in the business of mineral exploration. We compete with other junior mineral resource exploration companies for financing from a limited number of investors that are prepared to make investments in junior mineral resource exploration companies. The presence of competing junior mineral resource exploration companies may impact on our ability to raise additional capital in order to fund our exploration programs if investors are of the view that investments in competitors are more attractive based on the merit of the mineral properties under investigation and the price of the investment offered to investors. We also compete for mineral properties of merit with other junior exploration companies. Competition could reduce the availability of properties of merit or increase the cost of acquiring the mineral properties. Employees We have no employees as of the date of this prospectus other than our president. We currently do not conduct business as we are only in the development stage of our company. We plan to conduct our business largely through the outsourcing of experts in each particular area of our business. Research and Development Expenditures We have not incurred any material research or development expenditures since our incorporation. Subsidiaries We do not currently have any subsidiaries. Patents and Trademarks We do not own, either legally or beneficially, any patent or trademark. Office Property We maintain our executive office at 37 Mayfair Road SW, Calgary, Alberta, T2V 1Y8, Canada. This office space is being provided to the company free of charge by our president, Mr. Smith. This arrangement provides us with the office space necessary at this point. Upon significant growth of the company it may become necessary to lease or acquire additional or alternative space to accommodate our development activities and growth. Legal Pro ceedings We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings. 21 Table of Contents Our agent for service of process in Nevada is Nevada Agency and Trust Company, 50 West Liberty Street, Suite 880, Reno, Nevada 89501. Market for Common Equity and Rela ted Stockholder Matters No Public Market for Common Stock There is presently no public market for our common stock. We anticipate making an application for trading of our common stock on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board electronic quotation service upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. However, we can provide no assurance that our shares will be traded on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board electronic quotation service or, if traded, that a public market will materialize. The Securities Exchange Commission has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than $5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or quotation system. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the Commission, that: (a) contains a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; (b) contains a description of the broker's or dealer's duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to a violation to such duties or other requirements of Securities' laws; (c) contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; (d) contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; (e) defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and (f) contains such other information and is in such form, including language, type, size and format, as the Commission shall require by rule or regulation. The broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, the customer with: (a) bid and offer quotations for the penny stock; (b) the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; (c) the number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; and (d) a monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules; the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitably statement. Diversified Resources Inc. is subject to the penny stock rules, and disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our stock and stockholders may have difficulty selling those securities. 22 Table of Contents Holders of Our Common Stock As of the date of this Registration Statement, we had thirty three (33) shareholders of record. Rule 144 Shares The resale of our common stock must be by way of registration or through reliance upon an exemption from registration. Our issued shares of common stock are not currently available for resale to the public in accordance with the volume and trading limitations of Rule 144 of the Act because we are a shell company. Our shareholders cannot rely on Rule 144 for the resale of our common stock until the following have occurred: 1. we have ceased to be a shell company; 2. we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act; 3. we have filed all Exchange Act reports required for the past 12 months; and 4. a minimum of one year has elapsed since we filed current Form 10 information on Form 8-K changing our status from a shell company to a non- shell company. When Rule 144 is available, our affiliate stockholder shall be entitled to sell within any three month period a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of: 1. 1% of the number of shares of the company's common stock then outstanding; or 2. the average weekly trading volume of the company's common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. Sales under Rule 144 are also subject to manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about the company. Stock Option Grants To date, we have not granted any stock options. Registration Rights We have not granted registration rights to the selling shareholders or to any other persons. We are paying the expenses of the offering because we seek to: (i) become a reporting company with the Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (ii) enable our common stock to be traded on the NASD over-the-counter bulletin board. We plan to file a Form 8-A registration statement with the Commission to cause us to become a reporting company with the Commission under the 1934 Act. We must be a reporting company under the 1934 23 Table of Contents Act in order that our common stock is eligible for trading on the NASD over-the-counter bulletin board. We believe that the registration of the resale of shares on behalf of existing shareholders may facilitate the development of a public market in our common stock if our common stock is approved for trading on a recognized market for the trading of securities in the United States. We consider that the development of a public market for our common stock will make an investment in our common stock more attractive to future investors. In the near future, in order for us to continue with our development stage activities, we will need to raise additional capital. We believe that obtaining reporting company status under the 1934 Act and trading on the OTCBB should increase our ability to raise these additional funds from investors. 24 Table of Contents Financial St ate ments Index to Financial Statements: Unaudited consolidated financial statements for the six months ended April 30, 2011, including: 26 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of April 30, 2011 and October 31, 2010; 27 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended April 30, 2011 and 2010, for the six months ended April 30, 2001 and 2010, and for the period from March 19, 2009 (Inception) through January 31, 2011; 28 Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity for the period from March 19, 2009 (Inception) to April 30, 2011; 29 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the six months ended April 30, 2011 and 2010, and for the period from March 19, 2009 (Inception) through April 30, 2011; 30-36 Notes to Financial Statements Audited financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2010, including: 37 Auditors’ Report 38 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 31, 2010 and 2009; 39 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months ended October 31, 2010 and 2009, and for the year ended October 31, 2010 and the period ended October 31, 2009 and for the period from March 19, 2009 (Inception) through October 31, 2010; 40 Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity for the period from March 19, 2009 (Inception) to October 31, 2010; 41 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended October 31, 2010 and the period ended October 31, 2009, and for the period from March 19, 2009 (Inception) through October 31, 2010; 42-47 Notes to Financial Statements 25 Table of Contents DIVERSIFIED RE SO URCES, INC. (An Exploration Stage Company) Balance Sheet as at April 30, 2011 (unaudited) and October 31, 2010 April 30, October 31, 2011 2010 (Unaudited) ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS Cash and Cash Equivalents $ 29,061 $ 44,180 TOTAL ASSETS $ 29,061 $ 44,180 LIABILITIES & STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY LIABILITIES $ - $ - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Common Stock, par value $0.001; authorized 75,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding: 5,250,000 shares as of April 30, 2011 issued and outstanding: 5,250,000 shares as of October 31, 2010 5,250 5,250 Additional paid-in capital 54,750 54,750 Deficit accumulated in the development stage (30,939 ) (15,820 ) Total Stockholders' Equity 29,061 44,180 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY $ 29,061 $ 44,180 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 26 Table of Contents DIVERSIFIED R ESO URCES, INC. (An Exploration Stage Company) Statement of Operations (Unaudited) For the period from Inception, March 19, 2009 For the three months ended For the six minths ended through April 30, April 30, April 30, 2011 2010 2011 2010 2011 REVENUES $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - COSTS AND EXPENSES Professional Fees 1,405 - 5,255 - 9,870 Mineral Lease - - 6,700 (385 ) 16,700 General and Administrative 1,583 457 3,164 482 4,369 - TOTAL EXPENSES 2,988 457 15,119 97 30,939 - NET INCOME (LOSS) $ (2,988 ) $ (457 ) $ (15,119 ) $ (97 ) $ (30,939 ) Net Income (Loss) per share, basic and diluted $ (0.00 ) $ (0.00 ) $ (0.00 ) $ (0.00 ) Weighted Average number of common shares, outstanding, basic and diluted 5,250,000 3,000,000 5,250,000 3,000,000 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 27 Table of Contents DIVERSIFIED R ESO URCES, INC. (An Exploration Stage Company) Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity For the period from Inception, March 19, 2009, to April 30, 2011 (Unaudited) Accumulated Additional Deficit During Common Stock Paid-in Development Shares Amount Capital Stage Total Balances at Inception, March 19, 2010 - $ - $ - $ - $ - Stock issued for cash @ $0.005 per share May 12, 2009 3,000,000 3,000 12,000 15,000 Net loss, period ended October 31,2009 (9,956 ) (9,956 ) Balances at October 31, 2009 3,000,000 $ 3,000 $ 12,000 $ (9,956 ) $ 5,044 Stock issued for cash @ $0.02 per share September 30, 2010 2,250,000 2,250 42,750 45,000 Net loss, year ended October 31, 2010 (5,864 ) (5,864 ) Balances at October 31, 2010 5,250,000 5,250 54,750 (15,820 ) 44,180 Net loss, April 30, 2011 (15,119 ) (15,119 ) Balances at April 30, 2011 5,250,000 $ 5,250 $ 54,750 $ (30,939 ) $ 29,061 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 28 Table of Contents DIVERSIFIE D R ESOURCES, INC. (An Exploration Stage Company) Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) For the period from Inception, March 19, 2009 For the six months ended through April 30, April 30, 2011 2010 2011 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net Income (Loss) $ (15,119 ) $ (97 ) $ (30,939 ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used by operating activities: - - Change in operating assets and liabilities: - - Net Cash provided by (used by) Operating Activities (15,119 ) (97 ) (30,939 ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Net Cash provided by Investing Activities - - - CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Sale of stock for cash - - 30,000 Subscriptions received 30,000 30,000 Net Cash provided by Financing Activities - 30,000 60,000 NET INCREASE IN CASH (15,119 ) 29,903 29,061 CASH AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 44,180 4,659 - CASH AT END OF PERIOD $ 29,061 $ 34,562 $ 29,061 CASH PAID FOR: Interest $ - $ - Income Taxes $ - $ - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 29 Table of Contents DIVERSIF IED RESOURCES INC. (An Exploration Stage Company) NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS April 30, 2011 ( Unaudited) NOTE 1 ORGANIZATION These interim financial statements as of and for the six months ended April 30, 2011 reflect all adjustments which, in the opinion of management, are necessary to fairly state the Company’s financial position and the results of its operations for the periods presented in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. All adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. These interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company’s financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company’s fiscal year end October 31, 2010 report. The Company assumes that the users of the interim financial information herein have read, or have access to, the audited financial statements for the preceding period, and that the adequacy of additional disclosure needed for a fair presentation may be determined in that context. The results of operations for the six month period ended April 30, 2011 are not necessarily indicative of results for the entire year ending October 31, 2011. Diversified Resources Inc. (“the Company”) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on March 19, 2009 to pursue mineral extraction in the United States. Current Operations On May 22, 2009 the Company leased two mining claims in Esmerelda County, Nevada, in the Dunfee Mine Area. The lease includes all additional claims within one mile of these claims. The area was the subject of a geological report on September 11, 2009. The lease required a payment of $5,000 prior to August 31, 2009, plus $275 Federal and State maintenance fees. Minimum annual payments are required, beginning with $5,000 at the 2nd anniversary year, and escalating to $75,000 at the 5 th and subsequent years. The Company is responsible for taxes and maintenance fees imposed on the claims. The lease grants the Company the right to purchase 2 ½ percent of the royalty on the claims for $5,000,000, reduced by minimum payments made. Lessor is entitled to a royalty of one percent of net smelter returns. NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Cash and cash equivalents The Company considers all liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less from the date of purchase that are readily convertible into cash to be cash equivalents. 30 Table of Contents Property & Equipment Capital assets are stated at cost. Depreciation of equipment is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. The Company did not have any property & equipment at April 30, 2011 and 2010. Long-lived assets The Company accounts for long-lived assets under the FASB (Financial Accounting Standards Board) ASC (Accounting Standard Codification) 340-10 Other Assets and Deferred Costs , (SFAS 142 and 144: “ Accounting for Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets ” and “ Accounting for Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets ”). In accordance with ASC 340-10, long-lived assets, goodwill and certain identifiable intangible assets held and used by the Company are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset will not be recoverable. For purposes of evaluating the recoverability of long-lived assets, goodwill and intangible assets, the recoverability test is performed using undiscounted net cash flows related to the long-lived assets. The Company did not have any long lived assets at April 30, 2011 and 2010. Use of estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Income Taxes The Company utilizes FASB ACS 740, “ Income Taxes ,” which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. The Company has available a net operating loss carryforward of approximately $31,000, which begins to expire in 2013 unless utilized beforehand. The Company generated a deferred tax credit through the net operating loss carryforward. However, a valuation allowance of 100% has been established. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The Financial Accounting Standards Board issued ASC (Accounting Standards Codification) 820-10 (SFAS No. 157), “ Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures " for financial assets and liabilities. ASC 820-10 provides a framework for measuring fair value and requires expanded disclosures regarding fair value measurements. FASB ASC 820-10 defines fair value as the price that would be received for an asset or the exit price that would be paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. FASB ASC 820-10 also establishes a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs, where available. The following summarizes the three levels of inputs required by the standard that the Company uses to measure fair value: 31 Table of Contents Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities Level 2: Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the related assets or liabilities. Level 3: Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. The carrying amounts of the Company’s financial instruments as of April 30, 2011 and 2010 were valued according to the following inputs: April 30 2011 2010 Level 1 : Cash $ 29,061 $ 23,112 Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share Net loss per share is calculated in accordance with FASB ASC 260, Earnings Per Share , for the period presented. ASC 260 requires presentation of basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share. Basic income (loss) per share (“Basic EPS”) is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. A diluted earnings per share (“Diluted EPS”) is similarly calculated. Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this method, options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance, if later), and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. As at April 30, 2011 and 2010, there were no potentially dilutive securities. The following is a reconciliation of the numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted earnings per share computations for the year and period ended April 31, 2011 and 2010: 2011 2010 Numerato r : Basic and diluted net loss per share: Net Loss $ (15,119 ) $ (97 ) Denominator : Basic and diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding 5,250,000 3,000,000 Basic and Diluted Net Loss Per Share : $ (0.00 ) $ (0.00 ) Revenue Recognition The Company's revenue recognition policies are in compliance with ASC 605-13 (Staff accounting bulletin (SAB) 104). Sales revenue is recognized at the date of shipment to customers when a formal arrangement exists, the price is fixed or determinable, the delivery is completed, no other significant obligations of the Company exist and collectability is reasonably assured. There were no sales in the fiscal year and period ended April 30, 2011 and 2010. 32 Table of Contents Recent Accounting Pronouncements In January 2010, the FASB issued ASU No. 2010-01, amending SFAS No. 168, “The FASB Accounting Standards Codification™ and the Hierarchy of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.” This Standard codified in ASC 105 is being modified to include the authoritative and non-authoritative levels of GAAP. This amendment is effective for financial statements issued for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. ASU No. 2010-01 has no effect on the Company’s financial position, statements of operations, or cash flows at this time. In January 2010, the FASB issued ASU No. 2010-08, “Technical Corrections to various Topics.” This Standard is being updated to eliminate outdated or inconsistent GAAP standards and to clarify the Boards original intent mainly with regards to derivatives and hedging. This is effective for the first reporting period (including interim periods) beginning after issuance. ASU No. 2010-08 has no effect on the Company’s financial position, statements of operations, or cash flows at this time. In January 2010, the FASB issued ASU No. 2010-06, “Improving Disclosures about Fair Value Measurements” related to ASC Topic 820-10. This update requires new disclosures to; transfers in or out of Levels 1 and 2, activity in Level 3fair value measurements, Level of disaggregation, and disclosures about inputs and valuation techniques. This amendment will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2010, and for interim periods within those fiscal years. ASU No. 2010-06 has no impact on the Company’s results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. In January, 2010, the FASB issued ASU 2010-06, Improving Disclosures about Fair Value Measurements. The standard amends ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures to require additional disclosures related to transfers between levels in the hierarchy of fair value measurement. The standard does not change how fair values are measured. The standard is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2009. As a result, it is effective for the Company in the first quarter of fiscal year 2010. The Company does not believe that the adoption of ASU 2010-06 will have a material impact on its financial statements. In February 2010, the FASB issued ASU No. 2010-09, “Subsequent Events (ASC Topic 855), Amendments to Certain Recognition and Disclosure Requirements.” This Standard update requires a SEC Filer to (1) evaluate subsequent events through the date that the financial statements are issued or available to be issued, (2) defines “SEC Filer” as an entity that is required to file or furnish its financial statements with either the SEC or, with respect to an entity subject to Section 12(i) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the appropriate agency under that Section, (3) not be bound to disclosing the date through which subsequent events have been evaluated, (4) note the definition of public entity is not longer defined nor necessary for Topic 855, (5) note the scope of the reissuance disclosure requirements is refined to include revised financial statements only. These Updates are effective for interim or annual periods ending after June 15, 2010. ASU No. 2010-09 has no effect on the Company’s financial position, statement of operations, or cash flows at this time. On December 1, 2010 the Financial FASB issued ASU 2010-15 on the consolidation of variable interest entities. The new guidance requires revised calculations of whether entities represent variable interest entities, ongoing assessments of control over such entities, and additional disclosures for variable interests. Adoption of the new guidance did not have a material effect on our financial statements. 33 Table of Contents NOTE 3 UNCERTAINTY OF ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN The Company's financial statements are prepared using the generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. However, the Company has not generated any revenue and has incurred cumulative losses of $30,939 through April 30, 2011. Management has taken the following step to revise its operating and financial requirements, which it believes are sufficient to provide the Company with the ability to continue as a going concern. The Company pursued funding through sale of stock. Management believes that the above action will allow the Company to continue operations through the next fiscal year. However management cannot provide any assurances that the Company will be successful in its retail operation. Recoverability of a major portion of the recorded asset amounts shown in the accompanying balance sheets is dependent upon continued operations of the Company, which in turn is dependent upon the Company’s ability to raise additional capital, obtain financing and to succeed in its future operations. If the Company is unable to make it profitable, the Company could be forced to discontinue operations. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. NOTE 4 EXPLORATION STAGE COMPANY The Company is considered an exploration stage company, with limited operating revenues during the periods presented. The Company is required to report its operations, shareholders deficit and cash flows since inception through the date that revenues are generated from management’s intended operations, among other things. Management has defined inception as March 19, 2009. Since inception, the Company has incurred an operating loss of $30,939. The Company’s working capital has been generated through the sales of common stock. Management has provided financial data since March 19, 2009, “Inception” in the financial statements, as a means to provide readers of the Company’s financial information to make informed investment decisions. The date of Inception is assigned as the date of incorporation, used for convenience as it is near the date of entering into a mineral lease. NOTE 5 RELATED ENTITIES TRANSACTIONS Gordon R. is president and a director of the Board of Directors of the Company. He is the controlling shareholder of the Company, having 57.14% of the outstanding voting shares. He purchased Company stock for cash as follows: May 12, 2009 3,000,000 shares $ 15,000 34 Table of Contents NOTE 6 INCOME TAXES No provision was made for federal income tax for the fiscal year and period ended April 30, 2011 and 2010, since the Company had net operating loss. Net operating loss carry forwards may be used to reduce taxable income through the year 2030. The availability of the Company’s net operating loss carry forwards are subject to limitation if there is a 50% or more positive change in the ownership of the Company’s stock. NOTE 7 CAPITAL During the year and period ended January 31, 2010 and 2009, the company issued the following common shares: May 12, 2009: 3,000,000 shares issued for cash at 1/2 cents per share, realizing $15,000. September 30, 2010: 2,250,000 shares issued for cash at $0.02 (2 cents) per share, realizing $45,000. As of April 30, 2011 the Company had authorized 75,000,000 common shares of par value $0.001, of which 5,250,000 were issued and outstanding respectively. NOTE 8 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES The company fulfilled the following financial commitments pursuant to the mineral lease entered into on May 22, 2009: 2009 $ 5,000 Paid 2010 $ 5,000 Paid The following is the financial commitment related to the lease over the following five years: 2011 $ 10,000 2012 10,000 2013 25,000 2014 75,000 2015 75,000 Subject to Rate of Inflation $ 195,000 35 Table of Contents NOTE 9 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS There were no legal proceedings against the Company with respect to matters arising in the ordinary course of business. Neither the Company nor any of its officers or directors is involved in any other litigation either as plaintiffs or defendants, and have no knowledge of any threatened or pending litigation against them or any of the officers or directors. NOTE 10 LITIGATION There were no legal proceedings against the Company with respect to matters arising in the ordinary course of business. Neither the Company nor any of its officers or directors is involved in any other litigation either as plaintiffs or defendants, and have no knowledge of any threatened or pending litigation against them or any of the officers or directors. 36 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT RE GIS TERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To: The Board of Directors and Stockholders Diversified Resources, Inc. Calgary, Alberta, Canada I have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Diversified Resources Inc. as of October 31, 2010 and 2009 and the related statements of operations, shareholders’ deficit and cash flows for the period and year then ended, and for the period since inception, March 19, 2009, to October 31, 2010. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. My responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on my audit. I conducted my audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that I plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. I believe that my audit provides a reasonable basis for my opinion. In my opinion the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Diversified Resources Inc. as of October 31, 2010 and 2009, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period and year then ended, and the period from inception, March 19, 2010 to October 31, 2010, in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has no revenue and incurred losses in its initial and second year. This raises substantive doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. The Company has determined that it is not required to have, nor was I engaged to perform, an audit of the effectiveness of its documented internal controls over financial reporting. /s/ John Kinross-Kennedy John Kinross-Kennedy Certified Public Accountant Irvine, California Januarys 22, 2011 37 Table of Contents DIVERSIFI ED RESOURCES, INC. (An Exploration Stage Company) Balance Sheet For the Year Ended October 31, 2010 and 2009 2010 2009 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS Cash and Cash Equivalents $ 44,180 $ 4,659 Prepaid Expenses - 385 TOTAL ASSETS $ 44,180 $ 5,044 LIABILITIES & STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY LIABILITIES $ - $ - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Common Stock, par value $0.001; authorized 75,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding: 5,250,000 shares as of Oct.31, 2010 issued and outstanding: 3,000,000 shares as of Oct.31, 2009 5,250 3,000 Additional paid-in capital 54,750 12,000 Deficit accumulated in the development stage (15,820 ) (9,956 ) Total Stockholders' Equity 44,180 5,044 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY $ 44,180 $ 5,044 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 38 Table of Contents DIVERSIFIED RE SOURCES, INC. (An Exploration Stage Company) Statement of Operations For the period from Inception, For the For the March 19, 2009 For the three months ended year ended period ended through October 31, October 31, October 31, October 31, 2010 2009 2010 2009 2010 REVENUES $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - COSTS AND EXPENSES Professional Fees - - - 4,615 4,615 Mineral Lease - - 5,000 5,000 10,000 General and Administrative 12 32 864 341 1,205 TOTAL EXPENSES 12 32 5,864 9,956 15,820 NET INCOME (LOSS) $ (12 ) $ (32 ) $ (5,864 ) $ (9,956 ) (15,820 ) Net Income (Loss) per share, basic and diluted $ (0.00 ) $ (0.00 ) $ (0.00 ) $ (0.00 ) Weighted Average number of common shares, outstanding, basic and diluted 3,758,152 3,000,000 3,191,096 2,283,186 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 39 Table of Contents DIVERSIFIED RES OURCES, INC. (An Exploration Stage Company) Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity For the period from Inception, March 19, 2009, to October 31, 2010 Accumulated Additional Deficit During Common Stock Paid-in Development Shares Amount Capital Stage Total Balances at Inception, March 19, 2010 - $ - $ - $ - $ - Stock issued for cash @ $0.005 per share May 12, 2009 3,000,000 $ 3,000 $ 12,000 $ 15,000 Net loss, period ended October 31,2009 (9,956 ) (9,956 ) Balances at October 31, 2009 3,000,000 $ 3,000 $ 12,000 $ (9,956 ) $ 5,044 Stock issued for cash @ $0.02 per share September 30, 2010 2,250,000 $ 2,250 $ 42,750 $ 45,000 Net loss, year ended October 31, 2010 (5,864 ) (5,864 ) Balances at October 31, 2010 5,250,000 5,250 54,750 (15,820 ) 44,180 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 40 Table of Contents DIVERSIFIED R ESO URCES, INC. (An Exploration Stage Company) Statements of Cash Flows For the period from Inception, For the For the March 19, 2009 year ended period ended through October 31, October 31, October 31, 2010 2009 2010 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net Income (Loss) $ (5,864 ) $ (9,956 ) $ - Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used by operating activities: - - - Change in operating assets and liabilities: 385 (385 ) - Net Cash provided by (used by) Operating Activities (5,479 ) (10,341 ) - CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Sale of stock for cash 45,000 15,000 60,000 Net Cash provided by Investing Activities 45,000 15,000 60,000 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Net Cash provided by Financing Activities - - - NET INCREASE IN CASH 39,521 4,659 60,000 CASH AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 4,659 - - CASH AT END OF PERIOD $ 44,180 $ 4,659 $ 60,000 CASH PAID FOR: Interest $ - $ - Income Taxes $ - $ - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 41 Table of Contents DIVERSI FIE D RESOURCES INC. (An Exploration Stage Company) NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OCTOBER 31, 2010 ( Expressed in US Dollars) NOTE 1 ORGANIZATION Diversified Resources Inc. (“the Company”) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on March 19, 2009 to pursue mineral extraction in the United States. Current Operations On May 22, 2009 the Company leased two mining claims in Esmerelda County, Nevada, in the Dunfee Mine Area. The lease includes all additional claims within one mile of these claims. The area was the subject of a geological report on September 11, 2009. The lease required a payment of $5,000 prior to August 31, 2009, plus $275 Federal and State maintenance fees. Minimum annual payments are required, beginning with $5,000 at the 2nd anniversary year, and escalating to $75,000 at the 5 th and subsequent years. The Company is responsible for taxes and maintenance fees imposed on the claims. The lease grants the Company the right to purchase 2 ½ percent of the royalty on the claims for $5,000,000, reduced by minimum payments made. Lessor is entitled to a royalty of one percent of net smelter returns. NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Cash and cash equivalents The Company considers all liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less from the date of purchase that are readily convertible into cash to be cash equivalents. Property & Equipment Capital assets are stated at cost. Depreciation of equipment is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. The Company did not have any property & equipment at October 31, 2010 and 2009. Long-lived assets The Company accounts for long-lived assets under the FASB (Financial Accounting Standards Board) ASC (Accounting Standard Codification) 340-10 Other Assets and Deferred Costs , (SFAS 142 and 144: “ Accounting for Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets ” and “ Accounting for Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets ”). In accordance with ASC 340-10, long-lived assets, goodwill and certain identifiable intangible assets held and used by the Company are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset will not be recoverable. For purposes of evaluating the recoverability of long-lived assets, goodwill and intangible assets, the recoverability test is performed using undiscounted net cash flows related to the long-lived assets. The Company did not have any long lived assets at October 31, 2010 and 2009. 42 Table of Contents Use of estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Income Taxes The Company utilizes FASB ACS 740, “ Income Taxes ,” which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. The Company generated a deferred tax credit through net operating loss carryforward. However, a valuation allowance of 100% has been established. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The Financial Accounting Standards Board issued ASC (Accounting Standards Codification) 820-10 (SFAS No. 157), “ Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures " for financial assets and liabilities. ASC 820-10 provides a framework for measuring fair value and requires expanded disclosures regarding fair value measurements. FASB ASC 820-10 defines fair value as the price that would be received for an asset or the exit price that would be paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. FASB ASC 820-10 also establishes a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs, where available. The following summarizes the three levels of inputs required by the standard that the Company uses to measure fair value: - Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities - Level 2: Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the related assets or liabilities. - Level 3: Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. The carrying amounts of the Company’s financial instruments as of October 31, 2010 were valued according to the following inputs: 2010 2009 Level 1 : Cash $ 44,180 $ 4,659 43 Table of Contents Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share Net loss per share is calculated in accordance with FASB ASC 260, Earnings Per Share , for the period presented. ASC 260 requires presentation of basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share. Basic income (loss) per share (“Basic EPS”) is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share (“Diluted EPS”) is similarly calculated. Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this method, options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance, if later), and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. As at October 31, 2010 and 2009, there were no potentially dilutive securities. The following is a reconciliation of the numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted earnings per share computations for the year and period ended October 31, 2010 and 2009: 2010 2009 Numerato r : Basic and diluted net loss per share: Net Loss $ (5,864 ) $ (9,956 ) Denominator : Basic and diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding 3,191,096 2,283,186 Basic and Diluted Net Loss Per Share : $ (0.00 ) $ (0.00 ) Revenue Recognition The Company's revenue recognition policies are in compliance with ASC 605-13 (Staff accounting bulletin (SAB) 104). Sales revenue is recognized at the date of shipment to customers when a formal arrangement exists, the price is fixed or determinable, the delivery is completed, no other significant obligations of the Company exist and collectability is reasonably assured. There were no sales in the fiscal year and period ended October 31, 2010 and 2009. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In May 2009, the FASB issued ASC 855 (SFAS No. 165), " Subsequent Events" . ASC 855 sets forth the period after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were filed during which management of a reporting entity should evaluate events or transactions that may occur for potential recognition or disclosure in the financial statements, the circumstances under which an entity should recognize events or transactions occurring after the balance sheet date in its financial statements, and the disclosures that an entity should make about events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date. ASC 855 (SFAS 165) was effective for interim or annual periods ending after June 15, 2009. The Company adopted ASC 855. It did not have an impact on the Company’s results of operations or financial position. In June, 2009, the FASB issued their final SFAS, No. 168, “ FASB Accounting Standards Codification ”, (“ASC”), and the Hierarchy of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ”. This was reflected in the codification as FASB ASC 105, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles . “ASC” is the single source of authoritative US generally accepted accounting principles recognized by the FASB to be applied to nongovernmental entities. It is effective for financial statements issued for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. Accordingly the Company adopted ASC 105. It did not have an impact on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 44 Table of Contents NOTE 3 UNCERTAINTY OF ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN The Company's financial statements are prepared using the generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. However, the Company has not generated any revenue and has incurred cumulative losses of $15,820, (2010) and $9,956 (2009). Management has taken the following step to revise its operating and financial requirements, which it believes are sufficient to provide the Company with the ability to continue as a going concern. The Company pursued funding through sale of stock. Management believes that the above action will allow the Company to continue operations through the next fiscal year. However management cannot provide any assurances that the Company will be successful in its retail operation. Recoverability of a major portion of the recorded asset amounts shown in the accompanying balance sheets is dependent upon continued operations of the Company, which in turn is dependent upon the Company’s ability to raise additional capital, obtain financing and to succeed in its future operations. If the Company is unable to make it profitable, the Company could be forced to discontinue operations. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. NOTE 4 EXPLORATION STAGE COMPANY The Company is considered an exploration stage company, with limited operating revenues during the periods presented. The Company is required to report its operations, shareholders deficit and cash flows since inception through the date that revenues are generated from management’s intended operations, among other things. Management has defined inception as March 19, 2009. Since inception, the Company has incurred an operating loss of $15,820. The Company’s working capital has been generated through the sales of common stock. Management has provided financial data since March 19, 2009, “Inception” in the financial statements, as a means to provide readers of the Company’s financial information to make informed investment decisions. The date of Inception is assigned as the date of incorporation, used for convenience as it is near the date of entering into a mineral lease. NOTE 5 RELATED ENTITIES TRANSACTIONS Gordon R. is president and a director of the Board of Directors of the Company. He is the controlling shareholder of the Company, having 57.14% of the outstanding voting shares. He purchased Company stock for cash as follows: 45 Table of Contents May 12, 2009 3,000,000 shares $ 15,000 NOTE 6 INCOME TAXES No provision was made for federal income tax for the fiscal year and period ended October 31, 2010 and 2009, since the Company had net operating loss. Net operating loss carryforwards may be used to reduce taxable income through the year 2030. The availability of the Company’s net operating loss carryforwards are subject to limitation if there is a 50% or more positive change in the ownership of the Company’s stock. The net operating loss carryforward for federal and state income tax purposes is approximately $15,820, generating a Federal deferred tax credit of $2,373 as of October 31, 2010. An allowance of $2,373 has been established. NOTE 7 CAPITAL During the year and period ended October 31, 2010 and 2009, the company issued the following common shares: May 12, 2009: 3,000,000 shares issued for cash at 1/2 cents per share, realizing $15,000. September 30, 2010: 2,250,000 shares issued for cash at $0.02 (2 cents) per share, realizing $45,000. As of October 31, 2010 and 2009 the Company had authorized 75,000,000 common shares of par value $0.001, of which 5,250,000 and 3,000,000 were issued and outstanding respectively. NOTE 8 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES The company fulfilled the following financial commitments pursuant to the mineral lease entered into on May 22, 2009: 2009 $ 5,000 Paid 2010 $ 5,000 Paid The following is the financial commitment related to the lease over the following five years: 2011 $ 10,000 2012 10,000 2013 25,000 2014 75,000 2015 75,000 Subject to Rate of Inflation $ 195,000 46 Table of Contents NOTE 9 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS There were no legal proceedings against the Company with respect to matters arising in the ordinary course of business. Neither the Company nor any of its officers or directors is involved in any other litigation either as plaintiffs or defendants, and have no knowledge of any threatened or pending litigation against them or any of the officers or directors. NOTE 10 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS Events subsequent to October 31, 2010 have been evaluated through January 22, 2011, the date these statements were available to be issued, to determine whether they should be disclosed to keep the financial statements from being misleading. Management found no subsequent events to be disclosed: 47 Table of Contents Plan o f O perations Our business plan is to proceed with the exploration of the Dunfee Property to determine whether there are commercially exploitable reserves of gold, silver or other metals. We completed Phase I in August 2009. Six days were spent mapping and sampling the Dunfee Property. The purpose of this work was to evaluate the mineral potential of the leased claims, and the surrounding area precious metal mineralization. Detailed geologic mapping and geochemical sampling indicate the presence of high-grade gold-silver silica veins and vein intersections. Phase one was carried out by David A. Wolfe and the end cost of the work was $5,000. We completed Phase II of our exploration program in January 2011 Which consisted of staking 20 additional claims in the area. The cost of staking these additional 20 claims was $6,700, and the staking of the additional claims was carried out by David A. Wolfe. Phase III of our exploration program is follow-up detailed mapping and sampling of the additional claims and indicated drill targets. This is expected to take place in late summer of 2011, and the company expects to have results before the end of October 2011. The estimated cost of Phase three is $5,500. This work will be carried out by Ken Brook. The company currently has sufficient cash reserves to proceed with this stage of its exploration program. If the results of Phase three are favorable, the company plans to move to Phase four of its exploration program which includes the drilling of 4,000 feet of Reverse Circulation holes, and includes the cost of assays as well as the cost of the supervising geologist, bonding, permitting and other associated expenses. The timing of this phase has not been determined. The timing will be based on availability of a geologist and work crew, as well as the company’s ability to fund this phase. This phase is expected to cost approximately $155,000. We do not have sufficient cash reserves to proceed with this phase of the exploration program. If results are favorable leading up to the drilling of the property, the company will need to raise additional funds required to meet this and other capital needs. Should the results leading up to the drilling of the property prove not to be sufficiently positive to proceed with a further exploration on the property, we intend to seek out and acquire other North American mineral exploration properties which, in the opinion of a Geologist, offer attractive mineral exploration opportunities. However, we may not have sufficient financing to seek out and acquire other properties, and if we did have sufficient financing, it is possible that we would be unsuccessful in seeking out an acquiring alternative exploration properties. During the exploration stage of the Dunfee Property, our President will be devoting approximately 10 hours per week of his time to our business. We do not foresee this limited involvement as negatively impacting our company over the next twelve months as all exploratory work is being performed by outside consultants. If, however, the demands of our business require more time of our president such as raising additional capital or addressing unforeseen issues with regard to our exploration efforts, he is prepared to adjust his timetable to devote more time to our business. However, he may not be able to devote sufficient time to the management of our business, as and when needed. 48 Table of Contents Upon the event that we require additional funding, we anticipate that such funding will be in the form of equity financing from the sale of our common stock. However we cannot provide investors with any assurance that we will be able to obtain sufficient funding from the sale of our common stock to fund additional phases of the exploration program, should we decide to proceed. We believe that debt financing will not be an alternative for funding any phases in our exploration program. The risky nature of this enterprise and lack of tangible assets places debt financing beyond the credit-worthiness by most banks or typical investors or corporate debt until such time as an economically viable mine can be demonstrated. We do not have any arrangements in place for any future equity financing. In the event that Diversified completes this exploration program and is successful in identifying a potential mineral deposit, we would have to spend substantial funds on additional drilling of the property and engineering studies before we would be able to determine if it’s a commercially viable mineral deposit. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to stockholders. Results of Operations for six months ended April 30, 2011 We did not earn any revenues in the six months ending April 30, 2011. We do not anticipate earning revenues until such time as we have entered into commercial production of our mineral properties. We are presently in the exploration stage of our business and we can provide no assurance that we will discover commercially exploitable levels of mineral resources on our property, or if such resources are discovered, that we will enter into commercial production of our mineral property. We incurred operating expenses in the amount of $15,119 in the six months ended April 30, 2011. These operating expenses were composed of the payment towards the company’s mineral lease, professional fees and administrative expenses. We anticipate our operating expenses will increase as we proceed with our plan of operations. The increase will be attributed to our geological exploration program and the professional fees to be incurred in connection with the filing of a registration statement with the Securities Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933. We anticipate our ongoing operating expenses will also increase once we become a reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Results of Operations for Period Ending October 31, 2010 We did not earn any revenues from inception through the period ending October 31, 2010. We do not anticipate earning revenues until such time as we have entered into commercial production of our mineral properties. We are presently in the exploration stage of our business and we can provide no assurance that we will discover commercially exploitable levels of mineral resources on our property, or if such resources are discovered, that we will enter into commercial production of our mineral property. 49 Table of Contents We incurred operating expenses in the amount of $15,820 from inception on March 19, 2009 through the period ended October 31, 2010. These operating expenses were composed of the payments towards the company’s mineral lease, professional fees and administrative expenses. We anticipate our operating expenses will increase as we proceed with our plan of operations. The increase will be attributed to our geological exploration program and the professional fees to be incurred in connection with the filing of a registration statement with the Securities Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933. We anticipate our ongoing operating expenses will also increase once we become a reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of April 30, 2011, we had cash of $29,061 and operating capital of $29,061. Cash Used In Operating Activities We used cash in operating activities in the amount of $30,939 during the period from our inception on March 19, 2009 through to April 30, 2011. Cash used in operating activities was funded by cash from financing activities. Cash From Investing Activities We used $nil cash in investing activities during the period from our inception on March 19, 2009 through to April 30, 2011. Cash from Financing Activities We generated cash from financing activities in the amount of $60,000 during the period from our inception on March 19, 2009 through to April 30, 2011. Cash generated by financing activities is attributable to the private placement financings of our common stock that we have completed since our incorporation. These financings include sales of a portion of the shares that are offered by the selling shareholders through this prospectus. We have applied these proceeds towards our completion of our plan of operations, as described above under “Results of Operations”. We plan to spend the balance of these proceeds as described under “Plan of Operations”. We estimate that our total expenditures over the next twelve months will be approximately $170,000, which includes our estimated expenditures as outlined above under the heading “Plan of Operations”, in addition to our ongoing operating expenses associated with legal, accounting and general administrative expenses which will increase once we become a reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We anticipate that our cash and working capital will be sufficient to enable us to complete the next stage of our plan of operations and to pay for the costs of this offering and our general and administrative expenses for the next twelve months. However, our ability to continue our plan of operations after that point will be subject to us obtaining adequate financing as the expenditures will exceed our cash reserves. 50 Table of Contents We anticipate continuing to rely on equity sales of our common shares in order to continue to fund our business operations. Issuances of additional shares will result in dilution to our existing stockholders. There is no assurance that we will achieve any additional sales of our equity securities or arrange for debt or other financing to fund our planned activities. We have not attained profitable operations and are dependent upon obtaining financing to pursue significant exploration activities beyond those planned for the current fiscal year. For these reasons, our auditors stated in their report that they have substantial doubt we will be able to continue as a going concern. Changes in and Dis agr eements with Accountants We have had no changes in or disagreements with our accountants. Directors, Executive Officer s, Promoters And Control Persons Our executive officers and directors and their respective ages as of June28, 2011 are as follows: Name Age Position(s) and Office(s) Held Gordon Smith 65 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Director R. Gordon Cormie 65 Secretary Richard O’Hara 55 Director Set forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of each of our current executive officers and directors. The Company believes that the skills, experiences and qualifications of its directors provide the Company with the expertise and experience necessary to advance the interests of its shareholders. Gordon R. Smith is presently the CEO, CFO, President and Director of Diversified Resources Inc. Mr. Smith has been a self-employed businessman since doing post-graduate studies in Business Administration and Urban Planning. He was Development Manager for a large publicly traded Western Canada based real estate development firm from 1976 to 1979 and a principal and promoter of commercial and industrial real estate syndications in the early 1980’s. He successfully completed several resource-based public offerings on the Vancouver and Alberta Stock Exchanges and has been active in domestic and international venture capital markets since the mid-1980s. In 1993 he founded Inter West Energy Corporation, a junior energy marketing and investment company, securing a supply contract with Western Gas Marketing (Trans Canada Pipeline Limited) for 500 million cubic feet of natural gas daily. Inter West 51 Table of Contents Energy was subsequently acquired by New Cache Petroleum by way of a friendly takeover. In 1996 he was General Manager and then interim CEO for an international oil and gas exploration and production company with interests in the Arabian Gulf, Egypt and South East Africa. In 2003 he formed a group of Tax Driven Oil and Gas Syndicates to provide tax relief to investor clients until 2008. Since that time he has provided administrative and financial consulting services in corporate reorganizations, mergers and acquisitions. Gord Cormie is presently the Secretary of Diversified Resources Inc. After being admitted to the Alberta Bar in 1973, R. Gordon Cormie practiced in Calgary with several prestigious law firms before becoming a partner at Scott Venturo LLP. Mr. Cormie’s experience in the area of securities, corporate/commercial and oil and gas (resource and energy) law has allowed him the opportunity to work on many types of transactions. These types of transactions typically necessitate knowledge of appropriate regulatory bodies in Alberta and throughout Canada. Amalgamations, acquisitions and divestitures constitute a major part of Mr. Cormie's practice. He also has a significant focus on real estate development both from the developers’ perspective but also from a banking or financing perspective. This involves each level of government whether municipal, provincial or federal and includes applications for approvals and negotiations required to further plans of his corporate clients. Although his main focus is in the Province of Alberta, Mr. Cormie has advised on transactions on behalf of clients involved in the United States, Europe and the Far East. Mr. Cormie has acted as a director and officer of a number of public companies, as well as private companies, most of which are active in the resource-energy sector, to assist in developing corporate plans. Richard O’Hara is currently a director of Diversified Resources Inc. Mr. O’Hara spent thirty years in the airline industry in various capacities. His early career consisted of time spent as flight engineer on excursions to the DEW line (distant early warning) stations in Canada’s north. He later spent time as a technician, calibrating equipment essential to the safety of todays modern aircraft, and managing a complex equipment control area for Air Canada. He was involved in labour contract negotiations for three different airlines, financial officer in a major labour organization, and served elected terms as financial officer of one of the early, most successful condominium corporations in Winnipeg Manitoba. After experiencing the opportunity to live and work in various locations around the world, he retired to Calgary Alberta and was instrumental in the setting up of a thirty member investment organization specializing in resource companies while holding the position of co-treasurer. He is currently a consultant/advisor for an oil and gas corp. (Triple K Resources) and president of Condo Corp.#8311928. Directors Our bylaws authorize no less than one (1) director. We currently have two Directors. Term of Office Our directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the board. 52 Table of Contents Significant Employees We have no significant employees other than our officers. We do not believe we will require any additional employees unless significant results are shown on our property. Executive Co mpe nsation Compensation Discussion and Analysis The Company presently not does have employment agreements with any of its named executive officers and it has not established a system of executive compensation or any fixed policies regarding compensation of executive officers. Due to financial constraints typical of those faced by a development stage business, the company has not paid any cash and/or stock compensation to its named executive officers Our current named executive officer holds substantial ownership in the Company and is motivated by a strong entrepreneurial interest in developing our operations and potential revenue base to the best of his ability. As our business and operations expand and mature, we may develop a formal system of compensation designed to attract, retain and motivate talented executives Summary Compensation Table The table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to each named executive officer for our last two completed fiscal years for all services rendered to us. SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and principal position Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) Stock Awards ($) Option Awards ($) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Gordon Smith, CEO, CFO, President, Treasurer, & Director 2009 2010 2011 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 R.Gordon Cormie, Secretary 2009 2010 2011 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Narrative Disclosure to the Summary Compensation Table Our named executive officers do not currently receive any compensation from the Company for their service as officers of the Company. Outstanding Equity Awards At Fiscal Year-end Table The table below summarizes all unexercised options, stock that has not vested, and equity incentive plan awards for each named executive officer outstanding as of the end of our last completed fiscal year. 53 Table of Contents OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END OPTION AWARDS STOCK AWARDS Name Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) Option Exercise Price ($) Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Shares of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) Market Value of Shares or Shares of Stock That Have Not Vested ($) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Shares or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Shares or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) Gordon Smith 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 R.Gordon Cormie 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Compensation of Directors Table The table below summarizes all compensation paid to our directors for our last completed fiscal year. DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) Option Awards ($) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Gordon Smith 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 R.Gordon Cormie 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Richard O’Hara 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Narrative Disclosure to the Director Compensation Table Our directors do not currently receive any compensation from the Company for their service as members of the Board of Directors of the Company. 54 Table of Contents Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ow ners and Management The following table sets forth, as of June 28, 2011, the beneficial ownership of our common stock by each executive officer and director, by each person known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of the our common stock and by the executive officers and directors as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, all shares are owned directly and the percentage shown is based on 5,250,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding on June 28, 2011. Title of class Name and address of beneficial owner Amount of beneficial ownership Percent of class* Common Gordon Smith 3,000,000 57.14% Common R. Gordon Cormie 25,000 0.48% Common Richard O’Hara 25,000 0.48% Common Total all executive officers and director 3,050,000 58.1% Common 5% Shareholders Common Thomas Hewitt 500,000 9.52% As used in this table, "beneficial ownership" means the sole or shared power to vote, or to direct the voting of, a security, or the sole or shared investment power with respect to a security (i.e., the power to dispose of, or to direct the disposition of, a security). In addition, for purposes of this table, a person is deemed, as of any date, to have "beneficial ownership" of any security that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days after such date. The persons named above have full voting and investment power with respect to the shares indicated. Under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, a person (or group of persons) is deemed to be a "beneficial owner" of a security if he or she, directly or indirectly, has or shares the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security, or the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. Accordingly, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security, which that person has the right to acquire within 60 days, such as options or warrants to purchase our common stock. Disclosure of Commission Position of Indemn ifi cation for Securities Act Liabilities In accordance with the provisions in our articles of incorporation, we will indemnify an officer, director, or former officer or director, to the full extent permitted by law. 55 Table of Contents Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Act") may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of us in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. Certain Relationships and Re lated Transactions We closed an issue of 3,000,000 shares of common stock on May 12, 2009 to our president, CEO, CFO and director, Gordon Smith, at a price of $0.005 per share. The total proceeds received from this offering were $15,000. These shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 and are restricted shares as defined in the Securities Act. We did not engage in any general solicitation or advertising. We closed an issue of 25,000 shares of common stock on September 30, 2010 to our secretary, R. Gordon Cormie, at a price of $0.02 per share. The total proceeds received from this offering was $500. These shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 and are restricted shares as defined in the Securities Act. We did not engage in any general solicitation or advertising. We closed an issue of 25,000 shares of common stock on September 30, 2010 to our director, Richard O’Hara, at a price of $0.02 per share. The total proceeds received from this offering was $500. These shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 and are restricted shares as defined in the Securities Act. We did not engage in any general solicitation or advertising. Available Inf ormation We have filed a Registration Statement on form S-1 under the Securities Act of 1933 with the Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to the shares of our common stock offered through this prospectus. This Prospectus is filed as a part of that Registration Statement, but does not contain all of the information contained in the Registration Statement and exhibits. Statements made in the Registration Statement are summaries of the material terms of the referenced contracts, agreements or documents of the company. We refer you to our Registration Statement and each exhibit attached to it for a more detailed description of matters involving the company. You may inspect the 56 Table of Contents Registration Statement, exhibits and schedules filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission at the Commission's principal office in Washington, D.C. Copies of all or any part of the Registration Statement may be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the Securities and Exchange Commission, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the operation of the public reference rooms. The Securities and Exchange Commission also maintains a web site at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy statements and information regarding registrants that file electronically with the Commission. Our Registration Statement and the referenced exhibits can also be found on this site. Dealer Prospectus Del ivery Obligation Until ______________, all dealers that effect in these securities whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers’ obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions. 57 Table of Contents Part II Information Not Required In the Prospectus Item 13. Other Expenses Of Issu anc e And Distribution The estimated costs of this offering are as follows: Securities and Exchange Commission registration fee $ 5.10 Federal Taxes $ 0 State Taxes and Fees $ 0 Transfer Agent Fees $ 0 Accounting fees and expenses $ 2,500 Legal fees and expenses $ 5,000 Total $ 7,505.10 All amounts are estimates, other than the Commission's registration fee. We are paying all expenses of the offering listed above. No portion of these expenses will be borne by the selling shareholders. The selling shareholders, however, will pay any other expenses incurred in selling their common stock, including any brokerage commissions or costs of sale. Item 14. Indemnification of D ir ectors and Officers Our officers and directors are indemnified as provided by the Nevada Revised Statutes and our bylaws. Under the governing Nevada statutes, director immunity from liability to a company or its shareholders for monetary liabilities applies automatically unless it is specifically limited by a company's articles of incorporation. Our articles of incorporation do not contain any limiting language regarding director immunity from liability. Excepted from this immunity are: 1. a willful failure to deal fairly with the company or its shareholders in connection with a matter in which the director has a material conflict of interest; 2. a violation of criminal law (unless the director had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was lawful or no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful); 3. a transaction from which the director derived an improper personal profit; and 4. willful misconduct. 58 Table of Contents Our bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent not prohibited by Nevada law; provided, however, that we may modify the extent of such indemnification by individual contracts with our directors and officers; and, provided, further, that we shall not be required to indemnify any director or officer in connection with any proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless: 1. such indemnification is expressly required to be made by law; 2. the proceeding was authorized by our Board of Directors; 3. such indemnification is provided by us, in our sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in us under Nevada law; or; 4. such indemnification is required to be made pursuant to the bylaws. Our bylaws provide that we will advance to any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he is or was a director or officer, of the company, or is or was serving at the request of the company as a director or executive officer of another company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, prior to the final disposition of the proceeding, promptly following request therefore, all expenses incurred by any director or officer in connection with such proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such person to repay said amounts if it should be determined ultimately that such person is not entitled to be indemnified under our bylaws or otherwise. Our bylaws provide that no advance shall be made by us to an officer of the company, except by reason of the fact that such officer is or was a director of the company in which event this paragraph shall not apply, in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, if a determination is reasonably and promptly made: (a) by the board of directors by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the proceeding, or (b) if such quorum is not obtainable, or, even if obtainable, a quorum of disinterested directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, that the facts known to the decision-making party at the time such determination is made demonstrate clearly and convincingly that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such person did not believe to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the company. Item 15. Recent Sales of Unre gis tered Securities We closed an issue of 3,000,000 shares of common stock on May 12, 2009 to our president, CEO, CFO and director, Gordon Smith, at a price of $0.005 per share. The total proceeds received from this offering were $15,000. These shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 and are restricted shares as defined in the Securities Act. We did not engage in any general solicitation or advertising. We closed an issue of 25,000 shares of common stock on September 30, 2010 to our secretary, R. Gordon Cormie, at a price of $0.02 per share. The total proceeds received from this offering was $500. These shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 and are restricted shares as defined in the Securities Act. We did not engage in any general solicitation or advertising. 59 Table of Contents We closed an issue of 25,000 shares of common stock on September 30, 2010 to our director, Richard O’Hara, at a price of $0.02 per share. The total proceeds received from this offering was $500. These shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 and are restricted shares as defined in the Securities Act. We did not engage in any general solicitation or advertising. We completed an offering of 2,200,000 shares of our common stock at a price of $0.02 per share to a total of thirty (30) purchasers on September 30, 2010. The total amount we received from this offering was $44,000. The identity of the purchasers from this offering is included in the selling shareholder table set forth above. We completed this offering pursuant Rule 903(a) and conditions set forth in Category 3 (Rule 903(b)(3)) of Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933. All securities were sold pursuant to Regulation S(b)(3)(iii) in that: Each offer or sale was made in an offshore transaction. Neither we, a distributor, any respective affiliates nor any person on behalf of any of the foregoing made any directed selling efforts in the United States; Offering restrictions were, and are, implemented; No offer or sale was made to a U.S. person or for the account or benefit of a U.S. person; Each purchaser of the securities certifies that it was not a U.S. person and was not acquiring the securities for the account or benefit of any U.S. person; Each purchaser of the securities agreed to resell such securities only in accordance with the provisions of Regulation S, pursuant to registration under the Act, or pursuant to an available exemption from registration; and agreed not to engage in hedging transactions with regard to such securities unless in compliance with the Act; The securities contain a legend to the effect that transfer is prohibited except in accordance with the provisions of Regulation S, pursuant to registration under the Act, or pursuant to an available exemption from registration; and that hedging transactions involving those securities may not be conducted unless in compliance with the Act; and We are required, either by contract or a provision in its bylaws, articles, charter or comparable document, to refuse to register any transfer of the securities not made in accordance with the provisions of Regulation S pursuant to registration under the Act, or pursuant to an available exemption from registration; provided, however, that if any law of any Canadian province prevents us from refusing to register securities transfers, other reasonable procedures, such as a legend described in paragraph (b)(3)(iii)(B)(3) of Regulation S have been implemented to prevent any transfer of the securities not made in accordance with the provisions of Regulation S. 60 Table of Contents We have never utilized an underwriter for an offering of our securities. Other than the securities mentioned above, we have not issued or sold any securities. Item 16. Exh ibits Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Articles of Incorporation 3.2 By-Laws 5.1 Opinion and Consent of Synergen Law Group, APC 10.1 Mineral Lease Agreement dated June 15, 2009 between Diversified Resources Inc. and Timberwolf Minerals, LTD. 23.1 Consent of John Kinross-Kennedy, Certified Public Accountant 23.2 Consent of Consulting Geologist, Robert Thomas Item 17. Un dertakings The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) to include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii) to reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; and (iii) to include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement. (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (4) That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act to any purchaser. 61 Table of Contents If the Company is subject to Rule 430C: Each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness; provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. (5) Insofar as Indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provision, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question of whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 62 Table of Contents SIG NAT URES In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form S-1 and authorized this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, on June 28, 2011. DIVERSIFIED RESOURCES INC. By: /s/ Gordon Smith Gordon Smith President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Director Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. By: /s/ Gordon Smith Gordon Smith President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Director June 28, 2011 By: /s/ R. Gordon Cormie R. Gordon Cormie Secretary June 28, 2011 By: /s/ Richard O’Hara Richard O’Hara Director June 28, 2011 63
