lctg_s1.htm UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 LCT GLOBAL RESOURCES, INC (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada 7363 27-5173051 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 4790 Caughlin Pkwy, Ste 387 Reno, NV 89519 775-232-1950 (Name and address of principal executive offices) How2gopublic.com 18124 Wedge Pkwy, Ste 1050 Reno, NV 89511 775-851-7397 or 775-201-8331 fax (Name and address of agent for service of process) Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this Registration Statement . If any of the securities being registered on the Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box þ If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o If delivery of the prospectus is expected to be made pursuant to Rule 434, check the following box. o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company þ CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of Each Class Of Securities to be Registered Amount to be Registered Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price per share Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price Amount of Registration fee Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 1,440,000 $ 0.01 $ 14,400 $ 1.67 (1) This Registration Statement covers the resale by our selling shareholders of up to 1,440,000 shares of common stock previously issued to such selling shareholders. (2) The offering price has been estimated solely for the purpose of computing the amount of the registration fee in accordance with Rule 457(o). Our common stock is not traded on any national exchange and in accordance with Rule 457; the offering price was determined by the price of the shares that were sold to our shareholders in a private placement. The price of $0.01 is a fixed price at which the selling security holders may sell their shares until our common stock is quoted on the OTCBB at which time the shares may be sold at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. There can be no assurance that a market maker will agree to file the necessary documents with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, which operates the OTC Bulletin Board, nor can there be any assurance that such an application for quotation will be approved. THE REGISTRANT HEREBY AMENDS THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON SUCH DATE OR DATES AS MAY BE NECESSARY TO DELAY ITS EFFECTIVE DATE UNTIL THE REGISTRANT SHALL FILE A FURTHER AMENDMENT WHICH SPECIFICALLY STATES THAT THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT SHALL THEREAFTER BECOME EFFECTIVE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 8(a) OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR UNTIL THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT SHALL BECOME EFFECTIVE ON SUCH DATE AS THE COMMISSION, ACTING PURSUANT TO SECTION 8(a), MAY DETERMINE. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, Dated May 11, 2011 PROSPECTUS LCT GLOBAL RESOURCES, INC 1,440,000 SHARES OF COMMON STOCK INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING ___________________ The selling shareholders named in this prospectus are offering up to 1,440,000 shares of common stock offered through this prospectus. We will not receive any proceeds from this offering and have not made any arrangements for the sale of these securities. We have, however, set an offering price for these securities of $0.01 per share. We will use our best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of the resale registration statement from the effective date through and until all securities registered under the registration statement have been sold or are otherwise able to be sold pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933. Our common stock is presently not traded on any market or securities exchange. The sales price to the public is fixed at $0.01 per share until such time as the shares of our common stock are traded on the Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board. Although we intend to apply for quotation of our common stock on the Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board, public trading of our common stock may never materialize. If our common stock becomes traded on the Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board, then the sale price to the public will vary according to prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices by the selling shareholders. We intend to seek quotation of our common stock on the OTCBB immediately following the effectiveness of the Registration Statement of which this Prospectus is a part. The purchase of the securities offered through this prospectus involves a high degree of risk. See section of this Prospectus entitled "Risk Factors." Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. The prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. The Date of This Prospectus Is: __________2011 Table of Contents Page Prospectus Summary 1 Summary of Consolidated Financial Information 2 Risk Factors 2 Use of Proceeds 12 Determination of Offering Price 12 Dilution 12 Selling Shareholders 13 Plan of Distribution 16 Description of Securities 17 Interests of Named Experts and Counsel 18 Description of Business 18 Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 20 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 22 Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants 26 Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters And Control Persons 26 Executive Compensation 27 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 29 Disclosure of Commission Position of Indemnification for Securities Act Liabilities 29 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 30 Available Information 30 Index to Financial Statements F-1 PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information contained elsewhere in this prospectus. This summary does not contain all the information that you should consider before investing in the common stock. You should carefully read the entire prospectus, including “Risk Factors”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the Financial Statements, before making an investment decision. In this Prospectus, the terms “Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” refer to LCT Global Resources Inc Summary LCT GLOBAL RESOURCES, INC OVERVIEW LCT GLOBAL RESOURCES, INC was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on February 25, 2011. At May 8, 2011, we had one employee, our founder and president, Lee Chee Thing. For the remainder of 2011, Mr. Lee will devote between 20 hours a week and fulltime to us. LCT GLOBAL RESOURCES, INC is a development stage company and has no financial resources. We have not established or attempted to establish a source of equity or debt financing. Our auditors included an explanatory paragraph in their Report on our Financial Statements that says “the Company has incurred losses from operations, has negative working capital, and is in need of additional capital to grow its operations so that it can become profitable. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.” Our mission is to provide strategic business planning and management consulting services to small to midsize companies in America who wish to do business in Asia. Our president, Mr. Lee has more than 20 years of experience providing these types of services. We are not a blank check company, and we have no current intention of engaging in any merger or acquisition. There have been no discussions concerning a merger of any kind, and we have not authorized anyone to have such preliminary discussions on our behalf. Where you can find us Our executive offices are located at 4790 Caughlin Pkwy, Ste 387, Reno, NV 89519 and our telephone number is775-232-1950. We may refer to ourselves in this prospectus as "LCT,” the “Company,” "we," or "us.” Terms of the Offering Common stock offered by selling security holders 1,440,000 shares of common stock. Common stock outstanding before the offering 1,313,440,000 Common stock outstanding after the offering 1,313,440,000 common shares as of April 27, 2011 Terms of the Offering The selling security holders will determine when and how they will sell the common stock offered in this prospectus. Termination of the Offering The offering will conclude upon the earliest of (i) such time as all of the common stock has been sold pursuant to the registration statement or (ii) such time as all of the common stock becomes eligible for resale without volume limitations pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act, or any other rule of similar effect. Use of proceeds We are not selling any shares of the common stock covered by this prospectus. Risk Factors The Common Stock offered hereby involves a high degree of risk and should not be purchased by investors who cannot afford the loss of their entire investment. See “Risk Factors” The selling shareholders named in this prospectus are offering all of the shares of common stock offered through this prospectus. The selling stockholders are selling shares of common stock covered by this prospectus for their own account. We will not receive any of the proceeds from the resale of these shares. The offering price of $0.01 was determined by the price shares were sold to our shareholders in a private placement and is a fixed price at which the selling security holders may sell their shares until our common stock is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, at which time the shares may be sold at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. There can be no assurance that a market maker will agree to file the necessary documents with FINRA, which operates the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board, nor can there be any assurance that such an application for quotation will be approved. We have agreed to bear the expenses relating to the registration of the shares for the selling security holders. 1 Summary of Consolidated Financial Information The following summary financial data should be read in conjunction with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis,” “Plan of Operation” and the Financial Statements and Notes thereto, included elsewhere in this prospectus. The statement of operations and balance sheet data from February 25, 2011 (inception) through March 31, 2011 are derived from our audited financial statements. The data set forth below should be read in conjunction with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” our financial statements and the related notes included in this prospectus. For the Period from Inception through March 31, 2011 STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS Revenues - Professional Fees $ 18,250 General and Administrative Expenses $ 101,349 Total Operating Expenses $ 119,599 Net Loss $ 119,599 As of March 31, 2011 BALANCE SHEET DATA Cash $ 51 Total Assets $ 51 Total Liabilities $ 18,350 Stockholders’ Deficit $ 18,299 Risk Factors The shares of our common stock being offered for resale by the selling security holders are highly speculative in nature, involve a high degree of risk and should be purchased only by persons who can afford to lose the entire amount invested in the common stock. Before purchasing any of the shares of common stock, you should carefully consider the following factors relating to our business and prospects. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially adversely affected. In such case, you may lose all or part of your investment. You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information in this process before investing in our common stock. Risks Related to the Business 1. LCT has virtually no financial resources. Our independent registered auditors’ report includes an explanatory paragraph stating that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern . LCT has virtually no financial resources. We have negative working capital of $18,299 and a net stockholder’s deficit of $18,299 at March 31, 2011. Our independent registered auditors included an explanatory paragraph in their opinion on our financial statements as of and for the period ended March 31, 2011 that states that this lack of resources causes substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No assurances can be given that we will generate sufficient revenue or obtain necessary financing to continue as a going concern. 2 2. LCT is and will continue to be completely dependent on the services of our founder and president, Lee Chee Thing, the loss of whose services may cause our business operations to cease, and we will need to engage and retain qualified employees and consultants to further implement our strategy. LCT’s operations and business strategy are completely dependent upon the knowledge and business connections of Lee Chee Thing. He is under no contractual obligation to remain employed by us. If he should choose to leave us for any reason or if he becomes ill and is unable to work for an extended period of time before we have hired additional personnel, our operations will likely fail. Even if we are able to find additional personnel, it is uncertain whether we could find someone who could develop our business along the lines described in this prospectus. We will fail without the services of Mr. Lee or an appropriate replacement(s). 3. Because we have only recently commenced business operations, we face a high risk of business failure. We were formed in February 25, 2011. All of our efforts to date have related to developing our business plan and beginning business activities. We currently have no revenues and we face a high risk of business failure. 4. Most of our competitors, which include large national consulting firms, have significantly greater financial and marketing resources than do we. Most of our competitors, which include large national accounting and consulting firms, have significantly greater financial and marketing resources than do we. Many have sophisticated Websites and the ability to advertise in a wide variety of media. We will principally depend on the business contacts of our president and word of mouth. There are no assurances that our approach will be successful. 5. We may face damage to our professional reputation or legal liability if our future clients are not satisfied with our services. As a consulting service firm, we will depend to a large extent on referrals and new engagements from our clients and will attempt to establish a reputation for high–caliber professional services and integrity to attract and retain clients. As a result, if a client is not satisfied with our services such lack of satisfaction may be more damaging to our business than it may be to other businesses. Moreover, if we fail to meet our obligations, we could be subject to legal liability or loss of client relationships. Our engagements will typically include provisions to limit our exposure to legal claims relating to our services, but these provisions may not protect us or may not be enforceable in all cases. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that we will either obtain or retain clients in the foreseeable future. 6. Our future engagements with clients may not be profitable. When making proposals for engagements, we plan to estimate the costs and timing for completing the engagements with such estimates intended to reflect our best judgment. Any increased or unexpected costs or unanticipated delays in connection with the performance of these engagements, including delays caused by factors outside our control, could make these engagements less profitable or unprofitable, which would have an adverse effect on our profit margin. In addition, as consultants, a client will most likely retain us on an engagement–by–engagement basis, rather than under long–term contracts, and a substantial majority of our contracts and engagements, if any, may be terminated by the client with short notice and generally without significant penalty. Furthermore, because large client engagements may involve multiple engagements or stages, there is a risk that a client may choose not to retain us for additional stages of an engagement or that a client will cancel or delay additional planned engagements. These terminations, cancellations or delays could result from factors unrelated to our work product or the progress of the project, but could be related to business or financial conditions of the client or the economy generally. When contracts are terminated, we lose the associated revenues and we may not be able to eliminate associated costs in a timely manner. 3 7. There are significant potential conflicts of interest Our key personnel (currently one person) are required to commit significant time to our affairs and, according­ly, these individual(s) (particularly our president) may have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities. In the course of other business activities, certain key personnel (particularly our president) may become aware of business opportu­nities which may be appropriate for presenta­tion to us, as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. As such, there may have con­flicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. In an effort to resolve such potential conflicts of interest, we have no written agreement with Mr. Lee specifying that any business opportunities that he may become aware of independently or directly through his association with us (as opposed to disclosure to him of such business opportunities by management or consultants associated with other entities) would be presented by him solely to us. We cannot provide assurances that our efforts to eliminate the potential impact of conflicts of interest will be effective. 8. Because we have nominal assets and no revenue, we are considered a "shell company" and will be subject to more stringent reporting requirements. The Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") adopted Rule 405 of the Securities Act and Exchange Act Rule 12b-2 which defines a shell company as a registrant that has no or nominal operations, and either (a) no or nominal assets; (b) assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents; or (c) assets consisting of any amount of cash and cash equivalents and nominal other assets. Our balance sheet reflects that we have no cash or any other asset and, therefore, we are defined as a shell company. The new rules prohibit shell companies from using a Form S-8 to register securities pursuant to employee compensation plans. However, the new rules do not prevent us from registering securities pursuant to S-1 registration statements. Additionally, the new rule regarding Form 8-K requires shell companies to provide more detailed disclosure upon completion of a transaction that causes it to cease being a shell company. If an acquisition is undertaken (of which we have no current intention of doing), we must file a current report on Form 8-K containing the information required pursuant to Regulation S-K within four business days following completion of the transaction together with financial information of the acquired entity. In order to assist the SEC in the identification of shell companies, we are also required to check a box on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K indicating that we are a shell company. To the extent that we are required to comply with additional disclosure because we are a shell company, we may be delayed in executing any mergers or acquiring other assets that would cause us to cease being a shell company. The SEC adopted a new Rule 144 effective February 15, 2008, which makes resale’s of restricted securities by shareholders of a shell company more difficult. 9. Lee Chee Thing, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, has no meaningful accounting or financial reporting education or experience and, accordingly, our ability to meet Exchange Act reporting requirements on a timely basis will be dependent to a significant degree upon others. Lee Chee Thing has no meaningful financial reporting education or experience. He is and will be heavily dependent on advisors and consultants. As such, there is risk about our ability to comply with all financial reporting requirements accurately and on a timely basis. 4 10. We intend to become subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that will require us to incur audit fees and legal fees in connection with the preparation of such reports. These additional costs could reduce or eliminate our ability to earn a profit. Following the effective date of our registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, we will be required to file periodic reports with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. In order to comply with these requirements, our independent registered public accounting firm will have to review our financial statements on a quarterly basis and audit our financial statements on an annual basis. Moreover, our legal counsel will have to review and assist in the preparation of such reports. The costs charged by these professionals for such services cannot be accurately predicted at this time because factors such as the number and type of transactions that we engage in and the complexity of our reports cannot be determined at this time and will have a major effect on the amount of time to be spent by our auditors and attorneys. However, the incurrence of such costs will obviously be an expense to our operations and thus have a negative effect on our ability to meet our overhead requirements and earn a profit. We may be exposed to potential risks resulting from any new requirements under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our common stock, if a market ever develops, could drop significantly. Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended by SEC Release 33-8889 on February 1, 2008 we will be required, beginning with our fiscal year ending January 31, 2011 (unless the requirement is waived for a further period of time or eliminated for smaller reporting companies), we will be required to include a report of management on our internal control over financial reporting and an attestation report from our registered accounting firm separately on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting on whether it believes that the Company has maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting. We expect to incur additional expenses and diversion of management’s time as a result of performing the system and process evaluation, testing and remediation required in order to comply with the management certification and auditor attestation requirements. We do not have a sufficient number of employees to segregate responsibilities and may be unable to afford increasing our staff or engaging outside consultants or professionals to overcome our lack of employees. During the course of our testing, we may identify other deficiencies that we may not be able to remediate in time to meet the deadline imposed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for compliance with the requirements of Section 404. In addition, if we fail to achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, as such standards are modified, supplemented or amended from time to time, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Moreover, effective internal controls, particularly those related to revenue recognition, are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to help prevent financial fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our common stock, if a market ever develops, could drop significantly. 11. Our internal controls may be inadequate, which could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation being disseminated to the public. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f), internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the principal executive and principal financial officer and effected by the board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: ● pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 5 ● provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being mad e only in accordance with authorizations of management and/or directors of the Company; and ● provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Our internal controls may be inadequate or ineffective, which could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation being disseminated to the public. Investors relying upon this misinformation may make an uninformed investment decision. 12. The costs of being a public company could result in us being unable to continue as a going concern. As a public company, we will have to comply with numerous financial reporting and legal requirements, including those pertaining to audits and internal control. The costs of this compliance could be significant. If our revenues do not increase and/or we cannot satisfy many of these costs through the issuance of our shares, we may be unable to satisfy these costs in the normal course of business which would result in our being unable to continue as a going concern. 13. Having only one director limits our ability to establish effective independent corporate governance procedures and increases the control of our president. We have only one director; accordingly, we cannot establish board committees comprised of independent members to oversee functions like compensation or audit issues. In addition, a tie vote of board members is decided in favor of the chairman, which gives him significant control over all corporate issues. Until we have a larger board of directors that would include some independent members, if ever, there will be limited oversight of our president’s decisions and activities and little ability for minority shareholders to challenge or reverse those activities and decisions, even if they are not in the best interests of minority shareholders. Risks Related to Our Common Stock 14. We need additional capital to develop our business. If we fail to obtain additional capital we may not be able to implement our business plan. The development of our services will require the commitment of substantial resources to implement our business plan. Currently, we have no established bank-financing arrangements. Therefore, it is likely that we will need to seek additional financing through subsequent future private offering of our equity securities, or through strategic partnerships and other arrangements with corporate partners. Our expenses are at a minimum and therefore most of the capitals raised will be invested in marketing. We cannot give you any assurance that any additional financing will be available to us, or if available, will be on terms favorable to us. The sale of additional equity securities will result in dilution to our stockholders. The occurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could require us to agree to operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations. If adequate additional financing is not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to implement our business development plan or continue our business operations. 6 15. The offering price of our common stock has been determined arbitrarily. The price of our common stock in this offering has not been determined by any independent financial evaluation, market mechanism or by our auditors, and is therefore, to a large extent, arbitrary. Our audit firm has not reviewed management's valuation and, therefore, expresses no opinion as to the fairness of the offering price as determined by our management. As a result, the price of the common stock in this offering may not reflect the value perceived by the market. There can be no assurance that the shares offered hereby are worth the price for which they are offered and investors may, therefore, lose a portion or all of their investment 16. Shareholders may be diluted significantly through our efforts to obtain financing and satisfy obligations through issuance of additional shares of our common stock. We have no committed source of financing. Wherever possible, our board of directors will attempt to use non-cash consideration to satisfy obligations. In many instances, we believe that the non-cash consideration will consist of restricted shares of our common stock. Our board of directors has authority, without action or vote of the shareholders, to issue all or part of the authorized 2,000,000,000 shares. In addition, if a trading market develops for our common stock, we may attempt to raise capital by selling shares of our common stock, possibly at a discount to market. These actions will result in dilution of the ownership interests of existing shareholders, may further dilute common stock book value, and that dilution may be material. 17. Because our sole Officer and Director lives outside of the United States, you may have no effective recourse against them for misconduct and may not be able to enforce judgment and civil liabilities against them. Investors may not be able to receive compensation for damages to the value of their investment caused by wrongful actions by our Directors and officers. Mr. Lee lives outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to enforce within the United States any judgments obtained against our sole Director and officer, or obtain judgments against them outside of the United States that are predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state thereof. Investors may not be able to receive compensation for damages to the value of their investment caused by wrongful actions by our Directors and officers. 18. The interests of shareholders may be hurt because we can issue shares of our common stock to individuals or entities that support existing management with such issuances serving to enhance existing management’s ability to maintain control of our Company. Our board of directors has authority, without action or vote of the shareholders, to issue all or part of the authorized but unissued common shares. Such issuances may be issued to parties or entities committed to supporting existing management and the interests of existing management which may not be the same as the interests of other shareholders. Our ability to issue shares without shareholder approval serves to enhance existing management’s ability to maintain control of our Company. 19. Our articles of incorporation provide for indemnification of officers and directors at our expense and limit their liability that may result in a major cost to us and hurt the interests of our shareholders because corporate resources may be expended for the benefit of officers and/or directors. Our Articles of Incorporation at Article VII provide for indemnification as follows: No director or officer of the Corporation shall be personally liable to the Corporation or any of its stockholders for damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer; provided, however, that the foregoing provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director or officer: (i) for acts or omissions which involve intentional misconduct, fraud or knowing violation of law; or (ii) the payment of dividends in violation of Section 78.300 of the Nevada Revised Statutes. Any repeal or modification of an Article by the stockholders of the Corporation shall be prospective only, and shall not adversely affect any limitation of the personal liability of a director or officer of the Corporation for acts or omissions prior to such repeal or modification. 7 We have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, indemnification for liabilities arising under federal securities laws is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification for liabilities arising under federal securities laws, other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding, is asserted by a director, officer or controlling person in connection with our activities, we will (unless in the opinion of our counsel, the matter has been settled by controlling precedent) submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction, the question whether indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. The legal process relating to this matter if it were to occur is likely to be very costly and may result in us receiving negative publicity, either of which factors is likely to materially reduce the market and price for our shares, if such a market ever develops. 20. Currently, there is no established public market for our securities, and there can be no assurances that any established public market will ever develop or that our common stock will be quoted for trading and, even if quoted, it is likely to be subject to significant price fluctuations. Prior to the date of this prospectus, there has not been any established trading market for our common stock, and there is currently no established public market whatsoever for our securities. A market maker has filed an application with FINRA on our behalf so as to be able to quote the shares of our common stock on the OTCBB maintained by FINRA commencing upon the effectiveness of our registration statement of which this prospectus is a part and the subsequent closing of this offering. There can be no assurance that the market maker’s application will be accepted by FINRA nor can we estimate as to the time period that the application will require. We are not permitted to file such application on our own behalf. If the application is accepted, there can be no assurances as to whether (i) any market for our shares will develop; (ii) the prices at which our common stock will trade; or (iii) the extent to which investor interest in us will lead to the development of an active, liquid trading market. Active trading markets generally result in lower price volatility and more efficient execution of buy and sell orders for investors. If we become able to have our shares of common stock quoted on the OTCBB, we will then try, through a broker-dealer and its clearing firm, to become eligible with the Depository Trust Company ("DTC") to permit our shares to trade electronically. If an issuer is not “DTC-eligible”, then its shares cannot be electronically transferred between brokerage accounts, which, based on the realities of the marketplace as it exists today (especially the OTCBB), means that shares of a company will not be traded (technically the shares can be traded manually between accounts, but this takes days and is not a realistic option for companies relying on broker dealers for stock transactions - like all the companies on the OTCBB). What this boils down to is that while DTC-eligibility is not a requirement to trade on the OTCBB, it is a necessity to process trades on the OTCBB if a company’s stock is going to trade with any volume. There are no assurances that our shares will ever become DTC-eligible or, if they do, how long it will take. 8 In addition, our common stock is unlikely to be followed by any market analysts, and there may be few institutions acting as market makers for our common stock. Either of these factors could adversely affect the liquidity and trading price of our common stock. Until our common stock is fully distributed and an orderly market develops in our common stock, if ever, the price at which it trades is likely to fluctuate significantly. Prices for our common stock will be determined in the marketplace and may be influenced by many factors, including the depth and liquidity of the market for shares of our common stock, developments affecting our business, including the impact of the factors referred to elsewhere in these Risk Factors, investor perception of LCT and general economic and market conditions. No assurances can be given that an orderly or liquid market will ever develop for the shares of our common stock. Because of the anticipated low price of the securities being registered, many brokerage firms may not be willing to effect transactions in these securities. Purchasers of our securities should be aware that any market that develops in our stock will be subject to the penny stock restrictions. See “Plan of Distribution” and Risk Factor #22 below. 21. Any market that develops in shares of our common stock will be subject to the penny stock regulations and restrictions pertaining to low priced stocks that will create a lack of liquidity and make trading difficult or impossible. The trading of our securities, if any, will be in the over-the-counter market which is commonly referred to as the OTCBB as maintained by FINRA. As a result, an investor may find it difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations as to the price of our securities. Rule 3a51-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 establishes the definition of a "penny stock," for purposes relevant to us, as any equity security that has a minimum bid price of less than $4.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than $4.00 per share, subject to a limited number of exceptions which are not available to us. It is likely that our shares will be considered to be penny stocks for the immediately foreseeable future. This classification severely and adversely affects any market liquidity for our common stock. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the penny stock rules require that a broker or dealer approve a person's account for transactions in penny stocks and the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. In order to approve a person's account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must obtain financial information and investment experience and objectives of the person and make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and that that person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form, sets forth: ● the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination, and ● that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. Disclosure also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stock in both public offerings and in secondary trading and commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Additionally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. Because of these regulations, broker-dealers may not wish to engage in the above-referenced necessary paperwork and disclosures and/or may encounter difficulties in their attempt to sell shares of our common stock, which may affect the ability of selling shareholders or other holders to sell their shares in any secondary market and have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in any secondary market. These additional sales practice and disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our securities, if and when our securities become publicly traded. In addition, the liquidity for our securities may decrease, with a corresponding decrease in the price of our securities. Our shares, in all probability, will be subject to such penny stock rules for the foreseeable future and our shareholders will, in all likelihood, find it difficult to sell their securities. 9 22. The market for penny stocks has experienced numerous frauds and abuses that could adversely impact investors in our stock. Company management believes that the market for penny stocks has suffered from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include: ● Control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; ● Manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; ● "Boiler room" practices involving high pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by sales persons; ● Excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and ● Wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along with the inevitable collapse of those prices with consequent investor losses. 23. Any trading market that may develop may be restricted by virtue of state securities “Blue Sky” laws that prohibit trading absent compliance with individual state laws. These restrictions may make it difficult or impossible to sell shares in those states. There is currently no established public market for our common stock, and there can be no assurance that any established public market will develop in the foreseeable future. Transfer of our common stock may also be restricted under the securities or securities regulations laws promulgated by various states and foreign jurisdictions, commonly referred to as “Blue Sky” laws. Absent compliance with such individual state laws, our common stock may not be traded in such jurisdictions. Because the securities registered hereunder have not been registered for resale under the blue sky laws of any state, the holders of such shares and persons who desire to purchase them in any trading market that might develop in the future, should be aware that there may be significant state blue sky law restrictions upon the ability of investors to sell the securities and of purchasers to purchase the securities. These restrictions prohibit the secondary trading of our common stock. We currently do not intend to and may not be able to qualify securities for resale in at least 17 states which do not offer manual exemptions (or may offer manual exemptions but may not to offer one to us if we are considered to be a shell company at the time of application) and require shares to be qualified before they can be resold by our shareholders. Accordingly, investors should consider the secondary market for our securities to be a limited one. See also “Plan of Distribution-State Securities-Blue Sky Laws.” 24. Our board of directors has the authority, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with terms that may not be beneficial to common stockholders and with the ability to affect adversely stockholder voting power and perpetuate their control over us. Our articles of incorporation allow us to issue shares of preferred stock without any vote or further action by our stockholders. Our board of directors has the authority to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. Our board of directors also has the authority to issue preferred stock without further stockholder approval, including large blocks of preferred stock. As a result, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grant to holders the preferred right to our assets upon liquidation, the right to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed to the holders of common stock and the right to the redemption of the shares, together with a premium, prior to the redemption of our common stock. 10 25. The ability of our president to control our business may limit or eliminate minority shareholders’ ability to influence corporate affairs. Upon the completion of this offering, our president will beneficially own an aggregate of approximately 76% of our outstanding common stock assuming the sale of all shares being registered. Because of his beneficial stock ownership, our president will be in a position to continue to elect our board of directors, decide all matters requiring stockholder approval and determine our policies. The interests of our president may differ from the interests of other shareholders with respect to the issuance of shares, business transactions with or sales to other companies, selection of officers and directors and other business decisions. The minority shareholders would have no way of overriding decisions made by our president. This level of control may also have an adverse impact on the market value of our shares because our president may institute or undertake transactions, policies or programs that result in losses may not take any steps to increase our visibility in the financial community and / or may sell sufficient numbers of shares to significantly decrease our price per share. 26. All of our presently issued and outstanding common shares are restricted under rule 144 of the securities act, as amended. When the restriction on any or all of these shares is lifted, and the shares are sold in the open market, the price of our common stock could be adversely affected. All of the presently outstanding shares of common stock (1,313,440,000 shares) are "restricted securities" as defined under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act and may only be sold pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption from registration, if available. Rule 144 provides in essence that a person who is not an affiliate and has held restricted securities for a prescribed period of at least six months if purchased from a reporting issuer or 12 months (as is the case herein) if purchased from a non-reporting Company, may, under certain conditions, sell all or any of his shares without volume limitation, in brokerage transactions. Affiliates, however, may not sell shares in excess of 1% of the Company’s outstanding common stock each three months. As a result of revisions to Rule 144 which became effective on February 15, 2008, there is no limit on the amount of restricted securities that may be sold by a non-affiliate (i.e., a stockholder who has not been an officer, director or control person for at least 90 consecutive days) after the restricted securities have been held by the owner for the aforementioned prescribed period of time. A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from the Act, if available, or pursuant to registration of shares of common stock of present stockholders, may have a depressive effect upon the price of the common stock in any market that may develop. 27. We do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock. We do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock at any time in the foreseeable future. The future payment of dividends directly depends upon our future earnings, capital requirements, financial requirements and other factors that our board of directors will consider. Since we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock, return on your investment, if any, will depend solely on an increase, if any, in the market value of our common stock. 28. Because we are not subject to compliance with rules requiring the adoption of certain corporate governance measures, our stockholders have limited protection against interested director transactions, conflicts of interest and similar matters. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as rule changes proposed and enacted by the SEC, the New York and American Stock Exchanges and the Nasdaq Stock Market, as a result of Sarbanes-Oxley, require the implementation of various measures relating to corporate governance. These measures are designed to enhance the integrity of corporate management and the securities markets and apply to securities that are listed on those exchanges or the Nasdaq Stock Market. Because we are not presently required to comply with many of the corporate governance provisions and because we chose to avoid incurring the substantial additional costs associated with such compliance any sooner than legally required, we have not yet adopted these measures. 11 Because none of our directors are independent directors, we do not currently have independent audit or compensation committees. As a result, these directors have the ability, among other things, to determine their own level of compensation. Until we comply with such corporate governance measures, regardless of whether such compliance is required, the absence of such standards of corporate governance may leave our stockholders without protections against interested director transactions, conflicts of interest, if any, and similar matters and investors may be reluctant to provide us with funds necessary to expand our operations. We intend to comply with all corporate governance measures relating to director independence as and when required. However, we may find it very difficult or be unable to attract and retain qualified officers, directors and members of board committees required to provide for our effective management as a result of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has resulted in a series of rules and regulations by the SEC that increase responsibilities and liabilities of directors and executive officers. The perceived increased personal risk associated with these recent changes may make it more costly or deter qualified individuals from accepting these roles. 29. You may have limited access to information regarding our business because our obligations to file periodic reports with the SEC could be automatically suspended under certain circumstances. As of effectiveness of our registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, , we will be required to file periodic reports with the SEC which will be immediately available to the public for inspection and copying (see “Where You Can Find More Information” elsewhere in this prospectus). Except during the year that our registration statement becomes effective, these reporting obligations may (in our discretion) be automatically suspended under Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 if we have less than 300 shareholders and do not file a registration statement on Form 8A. If this occurs after the year in which our registration statement becomes effective, we will no longer be obligated to file periodic reports with the SEC and your access to our business information would then be even more restricted. After this registration statement on Form S-1 becomes effective, we will be required to deliver periodic reports to security holders. However, we will not be required to furnish proxy statements to security holders and our directors, officers and principal beneficial owners will not be required to report their beneficial ownership of securities to the SEC pursuant to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 until we have both 500 or more security holders and greater than $10 million in assets. This means that your access to information regarding our business will be limited. For all of the foregoing reasons and others set forth herein, an investment in our securities in any market that may develop in the future involves a high degree of risk. Use of Proceeds We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the common stock offered through this prospectus by the selling shareholders. Determination of Offering Price All shares being offered will be sold by existing shareholders without our involvement, consequently the actual price of the stock will be determined by prevailing market prices at the time of sale or by private transactions negotiated by the selling shareholders. The offering price will thus be determined by market factors and the independent decisions of the selling shareholders. Dilution The common stock to be sold by the selling shareholders is common stock that is currently issued and outstanding. Accordingly, there will be no dilution to our existing shareholders. 12 Selling Shareholders The common shares being offered for resale by the selling security holders consist of the 1,440,000 shares of our common stock held by 49 shareholders The following table sets forth the name of the selling security holders, the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by each of the selling stockholders as of April 27, 2011 and the number of shares of common stock being offered by the selling stockholders. The shares being offered hereby are being registered to permit public secondary trading, and the selling stockholders may offer all or part of the shares for resale from time to time. However, the selling stockholders are under no obligation to sell all or any portion of such shares nor are the selling stockholders obligated to sell any shares immediately upon effectiveness of this prospectus. All information with respect to share ownership has been furnished by the selling stockholders. The shares were offered and sold to the selling shareholders at a purchase price of $0.01 pursuant to the exemption from registration under Regulation S under the Securities Act. The percentages below are calculated based on 1,313,440,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. We do not have any outstanding options, warrants or other securities presently exercisable for or convertible into shares of our common stock. Name of Selling Stockholder and Position, Office or Material Relationship with Company (NA) Common Shares Owned by the Selling Stockholder 2 Total Shares to be Registered Pursuant to this Offering Percentage of Common Stock Before Offering Number of Shares Owned by Selling Stockholder After Offering and Percent of Total Issued and Outstanding 1 LEE CHEE THING 1000000000 200000 76 % 999980000 76% KHOO HSIANG HUA 100000000 200000 7.6% 99800000 7.6% YAP PECK YOUNG 100000000 200000 7.6% 99800000 7.6% LIN, PI-LIEN 10000 10000 * 0 林碧蓮 HSIAO, YU-CHUN 10000 10000 * 0 蕭玉純 HSIAO, CHAO-CHUNG 10000 10000 * 0 蕭兆忠 LU, HUI-MEI 10000 10000 * 0 呂惠美 曾恩明 10000 10000 * 0 TSENG, EN MING 13 JENNY WANG 10000 10000 * 0 王梅萍 HSU, CHING-SHAN 10000 10000 * 0 許清山 HSU, CHIA-LI 10000 10000 * 0 許嘉麗 WEN TI-CHENG 10000 10000 * 0 萬迪城 CHEN, KUN 10000 10000 * 0 陳堃 SHIU, SHU-O 10000 10000 * 0 許淑娥 WANG, KUO-CHUN 10000 10000 * 0 王國駿 WANG, MEI-CHEN 10000 10000 * 0 王梅珍 TANG WAI MUN 100000000 200000 7.6% 99800000 7.6% WANG, MEI-YING 10000 10000 * 0 王梅英 WANG, MEI-CHING 10000 10000 * 0 王梅卿 LIN, CHIH-HSIUNG 10000 10000 * 0 林志雄 WANG, MEI-FANG 10000 10000 * 0 王梅芳 HSU WANG, HSIU-LAN 10000 10000 * 0 許王秀蘭 HSIAO, YU-HSIN 10000 10000 * 0 蕭語芯 CHI, QUING PING 10000 10000 * 0 池清萍 CHANG, 10000 10000 * 0 張貴智 TSENG, NSIEN-YU 10000 10000 * 0 曾賢毓 HUANG, HSIN-YU 10000 10000 * 0 黃心昱 DAI, YA PING 10000 10000 * 0 戴亞萍 LIU, TAI-CHING 10000 10000 * 0 劉戴璟 Henrys corporation 10000 10000 * 0 14 CHANG, SHIN-HUNG 10000 10000 * 0 張世鴻 LEE, KUN-HO 10000 10000 * 0 李坤和 HSU, CHIEN-HUI 10000 10000 * 0 徐千惠 CHEN, CHI-WET 10000 10000 * 0 陳齊偉 HSIEH, MIN-TAO 10000 10000 * 0 謝明道 HSIEH, CHIO SHU LAN 10000 10000 * 0 邱素蘭 LEE, PEIR-FEN 10000 10000 * 0 李培芬 TSENG HSEIN FEI 10000 10000 * 0 曾仙妃 LEE, HSING-CHUAN 10000 10000 * 0 李幸娟 LIN, CHE-SHENG 10000 10000 * 0 林哲生 LEE, YA-TING 10000 10000 * 0 李雲琪 LIN, HUI-O 10000 10000 * 0 林慧娥 LIN, SHEHNG-CHIEH 10000 10000 * 0 林勝杰 HSIAO YING-CHEN 10000 10000 * 0 蕭映溱 CHEN, HUI-LING 10000 10000 * 0 陳慧玲 CHEN, SHU-YIN 10000 10000 * 0 陳淑音 TANG, KITCHEE 10000 10000 * 0 鄧潔芝 LIN, KAI-HUA 10000 10000 * 0 林凱嬅 PUBLIC COMPANY ADVISORY SERVICE 13000000 200000 * - less than 1% Based on 1,313,440,000 shares outstanding at April 27, 2011 15 There are no agreements between the company and any selling shareholder pursuant to which the shares subject to this registration statement were issued. To our knowledge, none of the selling shareholders or their beneficial owners: - has had a material relationship with us other than as a shareholder at any time within the past three years; or - has ever been one of our officers or directors or an officer or director of our predecessors or affiliates None of the selling shareholders: (1) has had a material relationship with us other than as a shareholder at any time within the past three years; or (2) has ever been one of our officers or directors. Plan of Distribution Upon effectiveness of the Registration Statement of which this Prospectus is a part, the selling shareholders may sell some or all of their common stock in one or more transactions, including block transactions: 1. on such public markets or exchanges as the common stock may from time to time be trading; 2. in privately negotiated transactions; 3. through the writing of options on the common stock; 4. in short sales, or; 5. in any combination of these methods of distribution. The sales price to the public is fixed at $0.01 per share until such time as the shares of our common stock become traded on the Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board or another exchange. Although we intend to apply for quotation of our common stock on the Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board, public trading of our common stock may never materialize. If our common stock becomes traded on the Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board, or another exchange, then the sales price to the public will vary according to the selling decisions of each selling shareholder and the market for our stock at the time of resale. In these circumstances, the sales price to the public may be: 1. the market price of our common stock prevailing at the time of sale; 2. a price related to such prevailing market price of our common stock, or; 3. such other price as the selling shareholders determine from time to time. The shares may also be sold in compliance with the Securities and Exchange Commission's Rule 144. The selling shareholders may also sell their shares directly to market makers acting as agents in unsolicited brokerage transactions. Any broker or dealer participating in such transactions as an agent may receive a commission from the selling shareholders or from such purchaser if they act as agent for the purchaser. If applicable, the selling shareholders may distribute shares to one or more of their partners who are unaffiliated with us. Such partners may, in turn, distribute such shares as described above. We are bearing all costs relating to the registration of the common stock. The selling shareholders, however, will pay any commissions or other fees payable to brokers or dealers in connection with any sale of the common stock. The selling shareholders must comply with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act in the offer and sale of the common stock. In particular, during such times as the selling shareholders may be deemed to be engaged in a distribution of the common stock, and therefore be considered to be an underwriter, they must comply with applicable law and may, among other things: 16 1. not engage in any stabilization activities in connection with our common stock; 2. furnish each broker or dealer through which common stock may be offered, such copies of this prospectus, as amended from time to time, as may be required by such broker or dealer; and; 3. not bid for or purchase any of our securities or attempt to induce any person to purchase any of our securities other than as permitted under the Securities Exchange Act. Description of Securities Common Stock We have 2,000,000,000 common shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share of common stock authorized, of which 1,313,440,000 shares were outstanding as of April 27, 2011 Voting Rights Holders of common stock have the right to cast one vote for each share of stock in his or her own name on the books of the corporation, whether represented in person or by proxy, on all matters submitted to a vote of holders of common stock, including the election of directors. There is no right to cumulative voting in the election of directors. Except where a greater requirement is provided by statute or by the Articles of Incorporation, or by the Bylaws, the presence, in person or by proxy duly authorized, of the holder or holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the our common voting stock shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. The vote by the holders of a majority of such outstanding shares is also required to effect certain fundamental corporate changes such as liquidation, merger or amendment of the Company's Articles of Incorporation. Dividends There are no restrictions in our articles of incorporation or bylaws that prevent us from declaring dividends. The Nevada Revised Statutes, however, do prohibit us from declaring dividends where after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend: 1. we would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business, or; 2. our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the rights of shareholders who have preferential rights superior to those receiving the distribution. We have not declared any dividends and we do not plan to declare any dividends in the foreseeable future. Pre-emptive Rights Holders of common stock are not entitled to pre-emptive or subscription or conversion rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the Common Stock. All outstanding shares of common stock are, and the shares of common stock offered hereby will be when issued, fully paid and non-assessable. Share Purchase Warrants We have not issued and do not have outstanding any warrants to purchase shares of our common stock. Options We have not issued and do not have outstanding any options to purchase shares of our common stock. Convertible Securities We have not issued and do not have outstanding any securities convertible into shares of our common stock or any rights convertible or exchangeable into shares of our common stock. 17 Nevada Anti-Takeover Laws Nevada Revised Statutes sections 78.378 to 78.379 provide state regulation over the acquisition of a controlling interest in certain Nevada corporations unless the articles of incorporation or bylaws of the corporation provide that the provisions of these sections do not apply. Our articles of incorporation and bylaws do not state that these provisions do not apply. The statute creates a number of restrictions on the ability of a person or entity to acquire control of a Nevada company by setting down certain rules of conduct and voting restrictions in any acquisition attempt, among other things. The statute is limited to corporations that are organized in the state of Nevada and that have 200 or more stockholders, at least 100 of whom are stockholders of record and residents of the State of Nevada; and does business in the State of Nevada directly or through an affiliated corporation. Because of these conditions, the statute currently does not apply to our company. Interests of Named Experts and Counsel No expert or counsel named in this prospectus as having prepared or certified any part of this prospectus or having given an opinion upon the validity of the securities being registered or upon other legal matters in connection with the registration or offering of the common stock was employed on a contingency basis, or had, or is to receive, in connection with the offering, a substantial interest, direct or indirect, in the registrant or any of its parents or subsidiaries. Nor was any such person connected with the registrant or any of its parents or subsidiaries as a promoter, managing or principal underwriter, voting trustee, director, officer, or employee. The law firm of Novi & Wilkin our independent legal counsel has provided an opinion on the validity of our common stock. Silberstein Ungar, PLLC, Certified Public Accountants, has audited our financial statements included in this prospectus and registration statement to the extent and for the periods set forth in their audit report. Silberstein Ungar, PLLC has presented their report with respect to our audited financial statements. The report of Silberstein Ungar, PLLC is included in reliance upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. Description of Business In General LCT is a development stage company and has no significant financial resources. We have not established or attempted to establish a source of equity or debt financing. Our auditors have included an explanatory paragraph in their report emphasizing the uncertainty of our ability to remain a going concern. Our mission is to provide strategic business planning and management consulting services to small companies. Our president, Mr. Lee has more than 20 years of experience providing these types of services. We anticipate that we will rely on one or a small number of engagements and clients for the indefinite future. There is no assurance that these clients will provide us with sufficient levels of revenue to generate profits or even to sustain operations. Strategy Our goal will be to provide management consulting services to small and midsized businesses. Our advice will principally relate to corporate structure, personnel issues and marketing in Asia. In some instances, we may serve in the role of a corporate official at a client in order to design and implement a plan, while in other cases we will issue a written business plan to our client. We will not concentrate on any particular industry or limit ourselves to any geographic area. If necessary, we will team with other consultants if an engagement requires knowledge or resources that we do not have. 18 We will use the contacts of our chairman, Lee Chee Thing, to identify initial clients. Our founder has more than 20 years of experience in providing a variety of consulting services to clients. His experience includes: ■ Preparing detailed business plans for small and midsized businesses; ■ Assisting turnaround efforts; ■ Assisting companies operate in international environments; ■ Providing organizational services to small and large entities; ■ Assisting companies prepare for financings and acquisitions; and ■ Providing extensive human resource services. Our approach will be to focus on small and midsized companies that need structure and would benefit from our broad range of business contacts. We will: ■ work with client executives to develop risk management and business performance strategies. Among the services we intend to provide are strategic consulting with regard to the design and structure of the finance function, particularly restructuring in turnaround situations, acquisition and post-merger integration. This process, which leverages the experience of our president, will help clients to align their companies’ resources and capabilities with their business objectives. Our services will also address pricing and yield management, billing, credit risk and collection effectiveness, lending and debt recovery. ■ work with clients to solve human performance issues that are crucial to their operational success, including recruiting and motivating key employees and management. We will work to provide human resources, knowledge management, and learning and performance management solutions that increase the efficiency and effectiveness of our clients’ employees and operations, while reducing recruiting and training costs. We expect to function with a wide array of client situations and use independent subcontractors to assist in performing engagements. Competition Competition in our industry is intense and most of our competitors have greater financial and other resources than do we. Competition will come from a wide variety of consulting and accounting firms, many of which have more employees, finances and other resources and greater name recognition that do we. We intend to compete based on the reputation and contacts of our founder and the creative and practical approach to services that we offer. Our founder has more than 20 years of experience in providing a variety of consulting services to corporations. No assurances can be given that our competitive strategy will be successful. Employees At this time we have no employee’s other than Mr. Lee Research and Development Expenditures We have not incurred any research or development expenditures since our incorporation. 19 Subsidiaries We do not currently have any subsidiaries. Patents and Trademarks We do not own, either legally or beneficially, any patent or trademark. Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters No Public Market for Common Stock . There is presently no public market for our common stock. We anticipate making an application for trading of our common stock on the over the counter bulletin board upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. We can provide no assurance that our shares will be traded on the bulletin board, or if traded, that a public market will materialize. The Securities Exchange Commission has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than $5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the Commission, that: (a) contains a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading;(b) contains a description of the broker's or dealer's duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to a violation to such duties or other requirements of Securities' laws; (c) contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price;(d) contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions;(e) defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and;(f) contains such other information and is in such form, including language, type, size and format, as the Commission shall require by rule or regulation. The broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, the customer with; (a) bid and offer quotations for the penny stock;(b) the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction;(c) the number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; and (d) a monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules; the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our stock if it becomes subject to these penny stock rules. Therefore, because our common stock is subject to the penny stock rules, stockholders may have difficulty selling those securities. Holders of Our Common Stock Currently, we have 49 holders of record of our common stock. 20 Rule 144 Shares None of our common stock is currently available for resale to the public under Rule 144. In general, under Rule 144 as currently in effect, a person who has beneficially owned shares of a company's common stock for at least 180 days is entitled to sell his or her shares. However, Rule 144 is not available to shareholders for at least one year subsequent to an issuer that previously met the definition of Rule 144(i)(1)(i) having publicly filed, on Form 8K, the information required by Form 10. As of the date of this prospectus, no selling shareholder has held their shares for more than 180 days and it has not been at least one year since the company filed the Form 10 Information on Form 8K as contemplated by Rule 144(i)(2) and (3). Sales under Rule 144 are also subject to manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about the company. Stock Option Grants To date, we have not granted any stock options. Registration Rights We have not granted registration rights to the selling shareholders or to any other persons. We are paying the expenses of the offering because we seek to: (i) become a reporting company with the Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (ii) enable our common stock to be traded on the over-the-counter bulletin board. We plan to file a Form 8-A registration statement with the Commission to cause us to become a reporting company with the Commission under the 1934 Act. We must be a reporting company under the 1934 Act in order that our common stock is eligible for trading on the over-the-counter bulletin board. We believe that the registration of the resale of shares on behalf of existing shareholders may facilitate the development of a public market in our common stock if our common stock is approved for trading on a recognized market for the trading of securities in the United States. We consider that the development of a public market for our common stock will make an investment in our common stock more attractive to future investors. In the near future, in order for us to continue with our business plan, we will need to raise additional capital. We believe that obtaining reporting company status under the 1934 Act and trading on the OTCBB should increase our ability to raise these additional funds from investors. We intend to seek quotation of our common stock on the OTCBB immediately following the effectiveness of the Registration Statement of which this Prospectus is a part. 21 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations We were incorporated on February 25, 2011 under the laws of the state of Nevada. While our operating plan is in its formative stages, the goal of the Issuer is to achieve a $100,000 a month operating plan through the development of five or more clients at the same time needing the services of the Issuer. The services of the Issuer specifically relate to the improvement of the performance of the businesses of its clients from their respective existing operations. LCT’s goal is to have five principal clients by the end of 2011; although no assurance can be made that it will meet or come close to its targeted goals, especially if the nation’s economy does not begin expanding significantly. We have noted from our own observations that consulting services are widely considered to be discretionary expenses. During recessionary periods and times of slow economic growth, companies tend not to incur discretionary commitments. Therefore, we do not believe that is feasible or practical to establish milestones nor or we in a position to predict or estimate the likelihood of success or the amount of time that will be necessary to achieve success with regard to initial goals. (d) Method of Acquiring Clients, Milestones, Anticipated Time Frame and Estimated Expenses: LCT has five fundamental approaches to executing its business plan: 1) market services through local branches of law firms who may have clients needing improvements to internal growth strategies or international markets 2) market through accounting firms who have access to clients who may have needs for improved performance and expansion with an eye on international growth 3) market through existing consulting firms to improve their capacity to deliver quality services 4) market through advertising agencies who have clients needing an improved outlook on their markets. 5) directly contact businesses with a directed program for getting their attention to the profit potential in international marketing The message is intended to establish LCT as an experienced resource to be used as needed by other professional firms to enhance their relationships with their customers. The goal is to single out three firms or contacts a week to minimize costs. Develop client contact profiles and establish a first meeting to present the program to them. This description as to acquiring clients is as complete as possible when considering that we are in the development stage and are operating in a very volatile economy. These factors make it premature to indicate milestones accurately or predict timeframes for the achievement of milestones. While we cannot fully estimate expenses, our president has verbally agreed to pay expenses for us if revenues are insufficient to meet the obligations. Off Balance Sheet Arrangements As of March 31, 2011, there were no off balance sheet arrangements. 22 Results of Operations for Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 2011 Liquidity and Capital Resources As of March 31, 2011, we had cash of $51 and a working capital deficit of $18,299. LCT will pay all costs relating to this offering estimated at $35,000. This amount will be paid as and when necessary and required or otherwise accrued on the books and records of LCT until we are able to pay the full amount due either from revenues or loans from our president. Absent sufficient revenues to pay these amounts within six months of the date of this prospectus, our president has verbally agreed to loan us the funds to cover the balance of outstanding professional and related fees relating to our prospectus to the extent that such liabilities cannot be extended or satisfied in other ways and our professionals insist upon payment. If and when loaned, the loan will be evidenced by a noninterest-bearing unsecured corporate note to be treated as a loan until repaid, if and when LCT has the financial resources to do so. A formal written arrangement does not exist at this time. Private capital, if sought, will be sought from former business associates of our founder or private investors referred to us by those business associates. To date, we have not sought any funding source and have not authorized any person or entity to seek out funding on our behalf. If a market for our shares ever develops, of which there can be no assurances, we may use restricted shares of our common stock to compensate employees/consultants and independent contractors wherever possible. We believe that we will have sufficient cash to continue operations for the next 12 months from the date of this prospectus provided that our costs of being a public company remain equal to or below the maximum estimate provided below. We have embarked upon an effort to become a public company and, by doing so, have incurred and will continue to incur additional significant expenses for legal, accounting and related services. Once we become a public entity, subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act of '34, we will incur ongoing expenses associated with professional fees for accounting, legal and a host of other expenses including annual reports and proxy statements, if required. We estimate that these costs will range up to $50,000 per year for the next few years and will be higher if our business volume and activity increases but lower during the first year of being public because our overall business volume will be lower, and we will not yet be subject to the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. These obligations will reduce our ability and resources to expand our business. We hope to be able to use our status as a public company to increase our ability to use noncash means of settling obligations and compensate independent contractors who provide professional services to us, although there can be no assurances that we will be successful in any of those efforts. We will reduce the compensation levels paid to management if there is insufficient cash generated from operations to satisfy these costs. 23 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements In June 2003, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission adopted final rules under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 as amended by SEC Release Nos.: 33-8889 and 33-8934. Commencing with our annual report for the fiscal year ending January 31, 2011 (unless the requirement is waived for a further period of time or eliminated for smaller reporting companies), we will be required to include a report of management on our internal control over financial reporting and an attestation report from our registered accounting firm separately on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting on whether it believes that the Company has maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting. The internal control report must include a statement. ■ of management’s responsibility for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting; ■ of management’s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of year end; and ■ of the framework used by management to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. In June 2009, the FASB approved the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (the “Codification”) as the single source of authoritative nongovernmental U.S. GAAP to be launched on July 1, 2009. The Codification does not change current U.S. GAAP, but is intended to simplify user access to all authoritative U.S. GAAP by providing all the authoritative literature related to a particular topic in one place. All existing accounting standard documents will be superseded and all other accounting literature not included in the Codification will be considered non-authoritative. The Codification is effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. The adoption did not have a material impact on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In August 2009, the FASB issued the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2009-04, Accounting for Redeemable Equity Instruments - Amendment to Section 480-10-S99 which represents an update to section 480-10-S99, distinguishing liabilities from equity, per EITF Topic D-98, Classification and Measurement of Redeemable Securities . The Company does not expect the adoption of this update to have a material impact on its consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In August 2009, the FASB issued the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2009-05, Fair Value Measurement and Disclosures Topic 820 – Measuring Liabilities at Fair Value , which provides amendments to subtopic 820-10, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures – Overall, for the fair value measurement of liabilities. This Update provides clarification that in circumstances in which a quoted price in an active market for the identical liability is not available, a reporting entity is required to measure fair value using one or more of the following techniques: 1. A valuation technique that uses: a. The quoted price of the identical liability when traded as an asset b. Quoted prices for similar liabilities or similar liabilities when traded as assets. 2. Another valuation technique that is consistent with the principles of topic 820; two examples would be an income approach, such as a present value technique, or a market approach, such as a technique that is based on the amount at the measurement date that the reporting entity would pay to transfer the identical liability or would receive to enter into the identical liability. 24 The amendments in this Update also clarify that when estimating the fair value of a liability, a reporting entity is not required to include a separate input or adjustment to other inputs relating to the existence of a restriction that prevents the transfer of the liability. The amendments in this Update also clarify that both a quoted price in an active market for the identical liability when traded as an asset in an active market when no adjustments to the quoted price of the asset are required are Level 1 fair value measurements. The Company does not expect the adoption of this update to have a material impact on its consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In September 2009, the FASB issued the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2009-08, Earnings Per Share – Amendments to Section 260-10-S99, which represents technical corrections to topic 260-10-S99, Earnings per share, based on EITF Topic D-53, Computation of Earnings Per Share for a Period that includes a Redemption or an Induced Conversion of a Portion of a Class of Preferred Stock and EITF Topic D-42, The Effect of the Calculation of Earnings per Share for the Redemption or Induced Conversion of Preferred Stock. The Company does not expect the adoption of this update to have a material impact on its consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In September 2009, the FASB issued the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2009-09, Accounting for Investments-Equity Method and Joint Ventures and Accounting for Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees. This Update represents a correction to Section 323-10-S99-4, Accounting by an Investor for Stock-Based Compensation Granted to Employees of an Equity Method Investee. Additionally, it adds observer comment Accounting Recognition for Certain Transactions Involving Equity Instruments Granted to Other Than Employees to the Codification. The Company does not expect the adoption to have a material impact on its consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In September 2009, the FASB issued the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2009-12, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures Topic 820 – Investment in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Assets Value Per Share (or Its Equivalent), which provides amendments to Subtopic 820-10, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures-Overall, for the fair value measurement of investments in certain entities that calculate net asset value per share (or its equivalent). The amendments in this Update permit, as a practical expedient, a reporting entity to measure the fair value of an investment that is within the scope of the amendments in this Update on the basis of the net asset value per share of the investment (or its equivalent) if the net asset value of the investment (or its equivalent) is calculated in a manner consistent with the measurement principles of Topic 946 as of the reporting entity’s measurement date, including measurement of all or substantially all of the underlying investments of the investee in accordance with Topic 820. The amendments in this Update also require disclosures by major category of investment about the attributes of investments within the scope of the amendments in this Update, such as the nature of any restrictions on the investor’s ability to redeem its investments a the measurement date, any unfunded commitments (for example, a contractual commitment by the investor to invest a specified amount of additional capital at a future date to fund investments that will be made by the investee), and the investment strategies of the investees. The major category of investment is required to be determined on the basis of the nature and risks of the investment in a manner consistent with the guidance for major security types in U.S. GAAP on investments in debt and equity securities in paragraph 320-10-50-1B. The disclosures are required for all investments within the scope of the amendments in this Update regardless of whether the fair value of the investment is measured using the practical expedient. The Company does not expect the adoption to have a material impact on its consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In January 2010, the FASB issued the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2010-01 Equity Topic 505 – Accounting for Distributions to Shareholders with Components of Stock and Cash, which clarify that the stock portion of a distribution to shareholders that allows them to elect to receive cash or stock with a potential limitation on the total amount of cash that all shareholders can elect to receive in the aggregate is considered a share issuance that is reflected in EPS prospectively and is not a stock dividend for purposes of applying Topics 505 and 260 (Equity and Earnings Per Share (“EPS”)). Those distributions should be accounted for and included in EPS calculations in accordance with paragraphs 480-10-25- 14 and 260-10-45-45 through 45-47 of the FASB Accounting Standards codification. The amendments in this Update also provide a technical correction to the Accounting Standards Codification. The correction moves guidance that was previously included in the Overview and Background Section to the definition of a stock dividend in the Master Glossary. That guidance indicates that a stock dividend takes nothing from the property of the corporation and adds nothing to the interests of the stockholders. It also indicates that the proportional interest of each shareholder remains the same, and is a key factor to consider in determining whether a distribution is a stock dividend. 25 1. A valuation technique that uses: a. The quoted price of the identical liability when traded as an asset b. Quoted prices for similar liabilities or similar liabilities when traded as assets. 2. Another valuation technique that is consistent with the principles of topic 820; two examples would be an income approach, such as a present value technique, or a market approach, such as a technique that is based on the amount at the measurement date that the reporting entity would pay to transfer the identical liability or would receive to enter into the identical liability. The amendments in this Update also clarify that when estimating the fair value of a liability, a reporting entity is not required to include a separate input or adjustment to other inputs relating to the existence of a restriction that prevents the transfer of the liability. The amendments in this Update also clarify that both a quoted price in an active market for the identical liability when traded as an asset in an active market when no adjustments to the quoted price of the asset are required are Level 1 fair value measurements. The Company does not expect the adoption of this update to have a material impact on its consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants We have had no changes in or disagreements with our accountants. Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters And Control Persons Our executive officers and directors and their respective ages as of June 30, 2010 are as follows: Name Age Position(s) and Office(s) Held Lee Chee Thing 56 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Director Set forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of each of our current executive officers and directors. Lee Chee Thing, President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director, Age 56 Term of Office Mr Lee Chee Thing holds a Bachelor of Science (Honours) Degree in Electrical and Electronic Engineering from the renowned Aston University in the United Kingdom. Mr. Lee began his professional career in London 30 years ago as Professional Engineer for a reputable engineering firm for several years before running his own specialized Engineering Consultancy Business for the next 20 years. While in London, Mr Lee also received a Certificate in Financial Accounting from City & Guilds, United Kingdom and until today, Mr Lee had continued his passion in the financial and investment arena with extensive business involvement in areas of project financing and investment consultancy overseeing business interests across the globe as executive director of companies in the United Kingdom, United States, China, Hong Kong , and Africa. Date of Birth: 15 November 1955 Directors Our bylaws authorize no less than one (1) director. We currently have one Director. 26 Term of Office Our Directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the board. Significant Employees Lee Chee Thing is our only employee. We will conduct our business through agreements with consultants and arms-length third parties. Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis The Company presently not does have employment agreements with any of its named executive officers and it has not established a system of executive compensation or any fixed policies regarding compensation of executive officers. Due to financial constraints typical of those faced by a development stage mineral exploration business, the company has not paid any cash and/or stock compensation to its named executive officers Our current named executive officer holds substantial ownership in the Company and is motivated by a strong entrepreneurial interest in developing our operations and potential revenue base to the best of his ability. As our business and operations expand and mature, we may develop a formal system of compensation designed to attract, retain and motivate talented executives. Summary Compensation Table The table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to each named executive officer for our last two completed fiscal years for all services rendered to us. SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and principal position Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) Stock Awards ($) Option Awards ($) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Lee Chee Thing, CEO, CFO, President, Secretary-Treasurer, & Director 2010 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Narrative Disclosure to the Summary Compensation Table Our named executive officer does not currently receive any compensation from the Company for his service as an officer of the Company. 27 Outstanding Equity Awards At Fiscal Year-end Table The table below summarizes all unexercised options, stock that has not vested, and equity incentive plan awards for each named executive officer outstanding as of the end of our last completed fiscal year. OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END OPTION AWARDS STOCK AWARDS Name Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) Option Exercise Price ($) Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Shares of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) Market Value of Shares or Shares of Stock That Have Not Vested ($) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Shares or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Shares or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) Lee Chee Thing 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Compensation of Directors Table The table below summarizes all compensation paid to our directors for our last completed fiscal year. DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) Stock Awards ($) Option Awards ($) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) All Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Lee Chee Thing 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Narrative Disclosure to the Director Compensation Table Our directors do not currently receive any compensation from the Company for their service as members of the Board of Directors of the Company. 28 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management The following table sets forth, as of April 27, 2011, the beneficial ownership of our common stock by each executive officer and director, by each person known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of the our common stock and by the executive officers and directors as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, all shares are owned directly and the percentage shown is based on 1,313,440,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding on April 27, 2011. Title of class Name and address of beneficial owner Amount of beneficial ownership Percent of class* Common Lee Chee Thing 4790 Caughlin Pkwy, Ste 387 Reno, Nevada 89519 1,000,000,000 76 % Common Total all executive officers and directors 1,000,000,000 48.23 % Common Other 5% Shareholders Khoo Hsiang Hua Tang Wai Mun Yap Peck Yoong 100,000,000 100,000,000 100,000,000 7.6% 7.6% 7.6 % Total 1,300,000,000 98.8 % As used in this table, "beneficial ownership" means the sole or shared power to vote, or to direct the voting of, a security, or the sole or shared investment power with respect to a security (i.e., the power to dispose of, or to direct the disposition of, a security). In addition, for purposes of this table, a person is deemed, as of any date, to have "beneficial ownership" of any security that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days after such date. The persons named above have full voting and investment power with respect to the shares indicated. Under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, a person (or group of persons) is deemed to be a "beneficial owner" of a security if he or she, directly or indirectly, has or shares the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security, or the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. Accordingly, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security, which that person has the right to acquire within 60 days, such as options or warrants to purchase our common stock. Disclosure of Commission Position of Indemnification for Securities Act Liabilities In accordance with the provisions in our articles of incorporation, we will indemnify an officer, director, or former officer or director, to the full extent permitted by law. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Act") may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of us in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 29 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions Except as set forth below, none of the following parties has, since our date of incorporation, had any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction with us or in any presently proposed transaction that has or will materially affect us: ● Any of our directors or officers; ● Any person proposed as a nominee for election as a director; ● Any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, shares carrying more than 10% of the voting rights attached to our outstanding shares of common stock; ● Any relative or spouse of any of the foregoing persons who has the same house address as such person. Available Information We have filed a registration statement on form S-1 under the Securities Act of 1933 with the Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to the shares of our common stock offered through this prospectus. This prospectus is filed as a part of that registration statement, but does not contain all of the information contained in the registration statement and exhibits. Statements made in the registration statement are summaries of the material terms of the referenced contracts, agreements or documents of the company. We refer you to our registration statement and each exhibit attached to it for a more detailed description of matters involving the company. You may inspect the registration statement, exhibits and schedules filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission at the Commission's principal office in Washington, D.C. Copies of all or any part of the registration statement may be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the Securities and Exchange Commission, 100 F Street, N.E. Washington, D.C. 20549. Please Call the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the operation of the public reference rooms. The Securities and Exchange Commission also maintains a web site at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy Statements and information regarding registrants that files electronically with the Commission. Our registration statement and the referenced exhibits can also be found on this site. If we are not required to provide an annual report to our security holders, we intend to still voluntarily do so when otherwise due, and will attach audited financial statements with such report. Dealer Prospectus Delivery Obligation Until ________________, all dealers that effect transactions in these securities whether or not participating in this offering may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers' obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions. 30 LCT GLOBAL RESOURCES, INC. (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY) TABLE OF CONTENTS MARCH 31, 2011 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Balance Sheet as of March 31, 2011 F-3 Statement of Operations for the period from February 25, 2011 (date of inception) to March 31, 2011 F-4 Statement of Stockholders’ Deficit as of March 31, 2011 F5 Statement of Cash Flows for the period from February 25, 2011 (date of inception) to March 31, 2011 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 to F-9 F-1 Silberstein Ungar, PLLC CPAs and Business Advisors Phone (248) 203-0080 Fax (248) 281-0940 30600 Telegraph Road, Suite 2175 Bingham Farms, MI 48025-4586 www.sucpas.com REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors of LCT Global Resources, Inc. Reno, Nevada We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of LCT Global Resources, Inc. as of March 31, 2011 and the related statements of operations, stockholders’ deficit, and cash flows for the period from February 25, 2011 (date of inception) through March 31, 2011. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement . The Company has determined that it is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of LCT Global Resources, Inc. as of March 31, 2011, and the results of its operations and cash flows for the period from February 25, 2011 (date of inception) through March 31, 2011, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 5 to the financial statements, the Company has negative working capital, has incurred operating losses since inception, and has not received any revenue from sales of products or services. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans with regard to these matters are described in Note 5. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. /s/ Silberstein Ungar, PLLC Silberstein Ungar, PLLC Bingham Farms, Michigan April 27, 2011 F-2 LCT GLOBAL RESOURCES, INC. (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY) BALANCE SHEET AS OF MARCH 31, 2011 ASSETS 2010 Current Assets Cash and equivalents $ 51 TOTAL ASSETS $ 51 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT Current Liabilities Accrued expenses $ 5,100 Loan payable - stockholder 13,250 Total Current Liabilities 18,350 Stockholders’ Deficit Common Stock, $.0001 par value, 2,000,000,000 shares authorized, 1,013,000,000 shares issued and outstanding 101,300 Deficit accumulated during the development stage (119,599 ) Total Stockholders’ Deficit (18,299 ) TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT $ 51 See accompanying notes to financial statements. F-3 LCT GLOBAL RESOURCES, INC. (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY) STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 25, 2011 (INCEPTION) TO MARCH 31, 2011 Period from February 25, 2011 (Inception) to March 31, 2011 REVENUES $ 0 EXPENSES: Professional fees 18,250 Incorporation costs 1,300 General and administrative expenses 100,049 TOTAL EXPENSES 119,599 LOSS FROM OPERATIONS (119,599 ) PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 0 NET LOSS $ (119,599 ) NET LOSS PER SHARE: BASIC AND DILUTED $ (0.00 ) WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING: BASIC AND DILUTED 1,013,000,000 See accompanying notes to financial statements. F-4 LCT GLOBAL RESOURCES, INC. (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY) STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 25, 2011 (INCEPTION) TO MARCH 31, 2011 Common stock Deficit accumulated during the development Shares Amount stage Total Inception, February 25, 2011 0 $ 0 $ 0 $ 0 Common stock issued for services to founder 1,000,000,000 100,000 - 100,000 Common stock issued for incorporation services 13,000,000 1,300 - 1,300 Net loss for the period ended March 31, 2011 - - (119,599 ) (119,599 ) Balance, March 31, 2011 1,013,000,000 $ 101,300 $ (119,599 ) $ (18,299 ) See accompanying notes to financial statements. F-5 LCT GLOBAL RESOURCES, INC. (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY) STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 25, 2011 (INCEPTION) TO MARCH 31, 2011 Period from February 25, 2011 (inception) to March 31, 2011 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss for the period $ (119,599 ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Common stock issued for services 101,300 Change in non-cash working capital items: Increase in accrued expenses 5,100 NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES (13,199 ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Loans received from stockholder 13,250 Proceeds from sales of common stock 0 NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 13,250 NET INCREASE IN CASH 51 CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 0 CASH, END OF PERIOD $ 51 SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION Interest paid $ 0 Income taxes paid $ 0 SUPPLEMENTAL NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITY Common stock issued for services $ 101,300 See accompanying notes to financial statements. F-6 LCT GLOBAL RESOURCES, INC. (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY) NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2011 NOTE 1 – SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES Nature of Business LCT Global Resources, Inc. (“LCT” and the "Company") was incorporated in the State of Nevada on February 25, 2011. Since inception, the Company has been engaged in organizational efforts and obtaining initial financing, and we plan to provide strategic business planning and management consulting services to small to midsize companies in America who wish to do business in Asia. Development Stage Company The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles related to development-stage companies. A development-stage company is one in which planned principal operations have not commenced or if its operations have commenced, there has been no significant revenues there from. Basis of Presentation The financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America and are presented in U.S. dollars. Accounting Basis The Company uses the accrual basis of accounting and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP” accounting). The Company has adopted a February 28 fiscal year end. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. At March 31, 2011 the Company had $51 of unrestricted cash. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The Company’s financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents and accrued expenses. The carrying amount of these financial instruments approximates fair value due either to length of maturity or interest rates that approximate prevailing market rates unless otherwise disclosed in these financial statements. Income Taxes Income taxes are computed using the asset and liability method. Under the asset and liability method, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the currently enacted tax rates and laws. A valuation allowance is provided for the amount of deferred tax assets that, based on available evidence, are not expected to be realized. It is the policy of LCT to recognize accruals for interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in interest expense. The Company has not incurred any interest or penalties to date. Revenue Recognition The Company will recognize revenue when products are fully delivered or services have been provided and collection is reasonably assured. F-7 LCT GLOBAL RESOURCES, INC. (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY) NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2011 NOTE 1 – SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Basic Income (Loss) Per Share Basic income (loss) per share is calculated by dividing the Company’s net loss applicable to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares during the period. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the Company’s net income available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. There are no such common stock equivalents outstanding as of March 31, 2011. Stock-Based Compensation Stock-based compensation is accounted for at fair value in accordance with ASC Topic 718. To date, the Company has not adopted a stock option plan and has not granted any stock options. As of March 31, 2011, the Company has not issued any stock-based payments to its employees. Recent Accounting Pronouncements The Company does not expect the adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on the Company’s results of operations, financial position or cash flow. NOTE 2 – ACCRUED EXPENSES Accrued expenses consisted of the following at March 31, 2011: 2011 Accrued professional fees $ 5,100 Total accrued expenses $ 5,100 NOTE 3 – STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY The Company has 2,000,000,000 shares of $0.0001 par value common stock authorized. During the period ended March 31, 2011, the Company issued 1,000,000,000 shares of common stock for services valued at $100,000 to its founder and 13,000,000 shares for incorporation services valued at $1,300. The Company has 1,013,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2011. NOTE 4 – COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES The Company neither owns nor leases any real or personal property. An officer has provided office services without charge. There is no obligation for the officer to continue this arrangement. Such costs are immaterial to the financial statements and accordingly are not reflected herein. The officers and directors are involved in other business activities and most likely will become involved in other business activities in the future. F-8 LCT GLOBAL RESOURCES, INC. (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY) NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2011 NOTE 5 – LIQUIDITY AND GOING CONCERN LCT has negative working capital, has operating losses since inception, and has not yet received revenues from sales of products or services. These factors create substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company generating cash from the sale of its common stock and/or obtaining debt financing and attaining future profitable operations. Management’s plans include selling its equity securities and obtaining debt financing to fund its capital requirement and ongoing operations; however, there can be no assurance the Company will be successful in these efforts. NOTE 6 – INCOME TAXES For the period ended March 31, 2011, the Company has incurred net losses of approximately $120,000 and, therefore, has no tax liability. The net deferred tax asset generated by the loss carry-forward has been fully reserved. The cumulative net operating loss carry-forward is approximately $120,000 at March 31, 2011, and will expire beginning in the year 2031. The provision for Federal income tax consists of the following: 2011 Federal income tax benefit attributable to: Current operations $ 40,600 Less: valuation allowance (40,600 ) Net provision for Federal income taxes $ 0 The cumulative tax effect at a rate of 34% of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows: 2011 Deferred tax asset attributable to: Net operating loss carryover $ 40,600 Less: valuation allowance (40,600 ) Net deferred tax asset $ 0 Due to the change in ownership provisions of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $120,000 for Federal income tax reporting purposes are subject to annual limitations. Should a change in ownership occur net operating loss carry forwards may be limited as to use in future years. NOTE 7 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS Subsequent to March 31, 2011, the Company sold 100,000,000 common shares to three individuals (300,000,000 total shares) at par value of $.0001 and received cash of $30,000. Subsequent to March 31, 2011, the Company sold 10,000 common shares to forty-four individuals (440,000 total shares) in a Regulation S offering at a price of $.01 and received a total of $4,400 cash. Management has evaluated subsequent events through April 27, 2011 and has determined it does not have any other material subsequent events to disclose. F-9 Part II Information Not Required In the Prospectus ITEM 13. OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION Securities and Exchange Commission registration fee $ 1.66 Federal Taxes $ 0 State Taxes and Fees $ 0 Transfer Agent Fees $ 0 Accounting fees and expenses $ 4,250 Legal fees and expense $ 30,000 Blue Sky fees and expenses $ 0 Miscellaneous $ 0 Total $ 34,251.66 All amounts are estimates other than the Commission’s registration fee. We are paying all expenses of the offering listed above. No portion of these expenses will be borne by the selling shareholders. The selling shareholders, however, will pay any other expenses incurred in selling their common stock, including any brokerage commissions or costs of sale. ITEM 14. INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS Our officers and directors are indemnified as provided by the Nevada Revised Statutes and our bylaws. Under the governing Nevada statutes, director immunity from liability to a company or its shareholders for monetary liabilities applies automatically unless it is specifically limited by a company's articles of incorporation. Our articles of incorporation do not contain any limiting language regarding director immunity from liability. Excepted from this immunity are: 1. a willful failure to deal fairly with the company or its shareholders in connection with a matter in which the director has a material conflict of interest; 2. a violation of criminal law (unless the director had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was lawful or no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful); 3. a transaction from which the director derived an improper personal profit; and Our bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent not prohibited by Nevada law; provided, however, that we may modify the extent of such indemnification by individual contracts with our directors and officers; and, provided, further, that we shall not be required to indemnify any director or officer in connection with any proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless: 1. such indemnification is expressly required to be made by law; 2. the proceeding was authorized by our Board of Directors; 3. such indemnification is provided by us, in our sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in us under Nevada law; or; 4. such indemnification is required to be made pursuant to the bylaws. II-1 Our bylaws provide that we will advance to any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he is or was a director or officer, of the company, or is or was serving at the request of the company as a director or executive officer of another company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, prior to the final disposition of the proceeding, promptly following request therefore, all expenses incurred by any director or officer in connection with such proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such person to repay said amounts if it should be determined ultimately that such person is not entitled to be indemnified under our bylaws or otherwise. Our bylaws provide that no advance shall be made by us to an officer of the company, except by reason of the fact that such officer is or was a director of the company in which event this paragraph shall not apply, in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, if a determination is reasonably and promptly made: (a) by the board of directors by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the proceeding, or (b) if such quorum is not obtainable, or, even if obtainable, a quorum of disinterested directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, that the facts known to the decision-making party at the time such determination is made demonstrate clearly and convincingly that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such person did not believe to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the company. ITEM 15. RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on February 25, 2011 and 1,000,000,000 shares of common stock were issued to Lee Chee Thing for consideration of founder services. These shares were issued in reliance on the exemption under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Act”) and were issued as founders shares. These shares of our common stock qualified for exemption under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 since the issuance shares by us did not involve a public offering. The offering was not a “public offering” as defined in Section 4(2) due to the insubstantial number of persons involved in the deal, size of the offering, manner of the offering and number of shares offered. We did not undertake an offering in which we sold a high number of shares to a high number of investors. In addition, Mr. Lee had the necessary investment intent as required by Section 4(2) since they agreed to and received share certificates bearing a legend stating that such shares are restricted pursuant to Rule 144 of the 1933 Securities Act. This restriction ensures that these shares would not be immediately redistributed into the market and therefore not be part of a “public offering.” Based on an analysis of the above factors, we have met the requirements to qualify for exemption under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 for this transaction. Security holders acquired their shares by purchase exempt from registration under Regulation S of the 1933 Act. In April, 2011 Khoo Hsiang Hua, Tang Wai Mun and Yap Peck Yoong purchased their shares at $.0001 shares of common stock for an initial cash contribution of $10,000 each. In March Public Company Advisory Service (Ramona Smith) was issued 13,000,000 shares (1%) for services in assisting in the S-1 process valued at $1,300 ($.0001) During April 44 investors purchased 440,000 shares of common stock for $4,400 ($.01 per share) We relied upon Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended for the above issuances to non US citizens or residents. We believed that Regulation S was available because: ● None of these issuances involved underwriters, underwriting discounts or commissions; ● We placed Regulation S required restrictive legends on all certificates issued; ● No offers or sales of stock under the Regulation S offering were made to persons in the United States; ● No direct selling efforts of the Regulation S offering were made in the United States. II-2 In connection with the above transactions, although some of the investors may have also been accredited, we provided the following to all investors: ● Access to all our books and records. ● Access to all material contracts and documents relating to our operations. ● The opportunity to obtain any additional information, to the extent we possessed such information, necessary to verify the accuracy of the information to which the investors were given access. Prospective investors were invited to review at our offices at any reasonable hour, after reasonable advance notice, any materials available to us concerning our business. Prospective Investors were also invited to visit our offices. ITEM 16. EXHIBITS Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Articles of Incorporation 3.2 By-Laws 5.1 Opinion of Novi & Wilkin 23.1 Consent of Ungar Silberstein LLC 23.2 Consent of Counsel, as in exhibit 5.1 ITEM 17. UNDERTAKINGS The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: 1. To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement; (a) to include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (b) to reflect in the prospectus any facts or events which, individually or together, represent a fundamental change in the information in the registration statement; and Notwithstanding the forgoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation From the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospects filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in the volume and price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the "Calculation of Registration Fee" table in the effective registration statement.; and (c) to include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in this registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement. 2. That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered herein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. 3. To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered hereby which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the provisions above, or otherwise, we been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933, and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities, other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by one of our directors, officers, or controlling persons in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding, is asserted by one of our directors, officers, or controlling persons in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933, and we will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. II-3 SIGNATURES In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form S-1 and authorized this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, in Reno, Nevada, on May 10, 2011. LCT GLOBAL RESOURCES, INC By: /s/ Lee Chee Thing Lee Chee Thing Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, and sole Director Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. By: /s Lee Chee Thing Lee Chee Thing Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer, and sole Director II-4
