VintageFilings,LLC As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 6, 2011 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 HYDE PARK ACQUISITION CORP. II (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 6770 27-5156956 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 500 Fifth Avenue 50 th floor New York, NY 10110 (212) 644-3450 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) Laurence S. Levy, Chief Executive Officer Hyde Park Acquisition Corp. II 500 Fifth Avenue 50 th floor New York, NY 10110 (212) 644-3450 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies to: David Alan Miller, Esq. Jeffrey M. Gallant, Esq. Graubard Miller The Chrysler Building 405 Lexington Avenue New York, New York 10174 (212) 818-8800 (212) 818-8881 — Facsimile Gregg A. Noel, Esq. Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP 300 South Grand Avenue, Suite 3400 Los Angeles, California 90071 (213) 687-5000 (213) 687-5600 — Facsimile Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this registration statement. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933 check the following box. o If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer x Smaller reporting company o (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) TABLE OF CONTENTS CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of each Class of Security being registered Amount being Registered Proposed Maximum Offering Price Per Security (1) Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price (1) Amount of Registration Fee Units, each consisting of one share of Common Stock, $.0001 par value, and one Warrant (2) 11,500,000 Units $ 10.00 $ 115,000,000 $ 13,351.50 Shares of Common Stock included as part of the Units (2) 11,500,000 Shares — — — (3) Warrants included as part of the Units (2) 11,500,000 Warrants — — — (3) Total $ 115,000,000 $ 13,351.50 (1) Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee, pursuant to Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. (2) Includes 1,500,000 Units, consisting of 1,500,000 shares of Common Stock and 1,500,000 Warrants, which may be issued on exercise of a 45-day option granted to the Underwriters to cover over-allotments, if any. (3) No fee pursuant to Rule 457(g). The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. TABLE OF CONTENTS The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED MAY 6, 2011 PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS Hyde Park Acquisition Corp. II $100,000,000 10,000,000 Units Hyde Park Acquisition Corp. II is a blank check company formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination, with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as a target business. Our efforts to identify an initial business combination will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region, although we intend to focus on companies in the United States operating in various industries including infrastructure, logistics and distribution and manufacturing. We do not have any specific business combination under consideration and we have not (nor has anyone on our behalf), directly or indirectly, contacted any prospective target business or had any discussions, formal or otherwise, with respect to such a transaction. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within 24 months from the date of this prospectus, we will redeem 100% of the public shares for a pro rata portion of the trust account described below. This is an initial public offering of our securities. We are offering 10,000,000 units at an offering price of $10.00 and consisting of one share of common stock and one warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of $11.50. Each warrant will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination and 12 months from the closing of this offering and will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation, as described in this prospectus. We have also granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,500,000 units to cover over-allotments, if any. We will either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of our proposed business combination or allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Unlike other blank check companies which require stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and related conversions of public shares for cash upon consummation of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, we will have the flexibility to avoid such stockholder vote and allow our stockholders to sell their shares pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. In that case, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, solely if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. Our initial stockholders have committed to purchase from us an aggregate of 5,000,000 warrants, or “sponsors’ warrants,” at a price of $0.75 per warrant (for a total purchase price of $3,750,000) in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. There is presently no public market for our units, shares of common stock or warrants. It is anticipated that our units will be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board quotation system, or the OTCBB, under the symbol “_____” on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. The common stock and warrants comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 45 th day following the date of this prospectus unless Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our filing a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC containing an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds of this offering and issuing a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, the common stock and warrants will be quoted on the OTCBB under the symbols “____” and “_____,” respectively. Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 23 of this prospectus for a discussion of information that should be considered in connection with an investment in our securities. Neither the SEC nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Price to Public Underwriting Discounts and Commissions (1) Proceeds, Before Expenses, to us Per Unit $ 10.00 $ 0.50 $ 9.50 Total $ 100,000,000 $ 5,000,000 $ 95,000,000 (1) Includes $0.25 per unit, or $2,500,000 in the aggregate, or $2,875,000 in the aggregate if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full, payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting discounts and commissions (which we refer to throughout this prospectus as the “deferred commissions”) to be placed in the trust account described in this prospectus. The deferred commissions will be released to the underwriters only on completion of our initial business combination, as described in this prospectus. Upon consummation of the offering, an aggregate of $99,750,000 or approximately $9.98 per unit sold to the public in this offering (or $114,375,000 or approximately $9.95 per unit sold to the public in the offering if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be deposited into a trust account at , maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee. Except as described in this prospectus, these funds will not be released to us until the earlier of the completion of our initial business combination and our redemption of our public shares (which may not occur until , 2013). The underwriters are offering the units on a firm commitment basis. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., acting as the representative of the underwriters, expects to deliver the units to purchasers on or about , 2011. Deutsche Bank Securities EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. , 2011 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Prospectus Summary 1 Summary Financial Data 22 Risk Factors 23 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 43 Use of Proceeds 44 Dividend Policy 47 Dilution 48 Capitalization 50 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 51 Proposed Business 55 Management 74 Principal Stockholders 79 Certain Transactions 82 Description of Securities 86 Shares Eligible for Future Sale 91 Material U.S. Federal Tax Considerations 93 Underwriting 100 Legal Matters 109 Experts 109 Where You Can Find Additional Information 110 Index to Financial Statements F-1 i TABLE OF CONTENTS PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary only highlights the more detailed information appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. As this is a summary, it does not contain all of the information that you should consider in making an investment decision. You should read this entire prospectus carefully, including the information under “Risk Factors” and our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus, before investing. Unless otherwise stated in this prospectus: • references in this prospectus to “we,” “us” or “our company” refer to Hyde Park Acquisition Corp. II; • references in this prospectus to “Hyde Park” refer to Hyde Park Acquisition Corp.; • references in this prospectus to our “public shares” refer to shares of our common stock sold as part of the units in this offering (whether they are purchased in this offering or thereafter in the open market) and references to “public stockholders” refer to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsors (as defined below) to the extent our sponsors purchase public shares, provided that their status as “public stockholders” shall only exist with respect to such public shares; • references in this prospectus to our “management” or our “management team” refer to our officers and directors; • references in this prospectus to our “sponsors” refer to our initial stockholders prior to this offering; and • except as specifically provided otherwise, the information in this prospectus assumes that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option. You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus. We have not, and the underwriters have not, authorized anyone to provide you with different information. We are not, and the underwriters are not, making an offer of these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer is not permitted. General We are a blank check company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on February 24, 2011. We were formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination, with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as a target business. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities as well as activities related to this offering. We have not selected any target business on which to concentrate our search for our initial business combination. None of our officers, directors, promoters and other affiliates has engaged in discussions on our behalf with representatives of other companies regarding the possibility of a potential merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition or other similar business combination with us, nor have we, nor any of our agents or affiliates, been approached by any candidates (or representatives of any candidates) with respect to a possible business combination with our company. We intend to focus our search on businesses that may provide significant opportunities for attractive investor returns. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region, although we intend to focus on companies in the United States operating in various industries including infrastructure, logistics and distribution and manufacturing industries where our management team has significant experience. In November 2004, Rand Acquisition Corporation, a blank check company founded by Laurence S. Levy, our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, consummated its initial public offering, raising $27,600,000. In March 2006, Rand Acquisition completed the 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS acquisition of Lower Lakes Towing Ltd. (“Lower Lakes”) and Grand River Navigation Company Inc. (“Grand River”) and changed its name to Rand Logistics Inc. (Nasdaq: RLOG) (“Rand Logistics”). Lower Lakes and Grand River operate Canadian flagged and U.S. flagged vessels, respectively, transporting bulk commodities under long term contract on the Great Lakes. Since the acquisition of Lower Lakes and Grand River, consolidated EBITDA has increased by about seven times from approximately $5,000,000 to a forecasted $35,000,000 for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2012. This has been achieved through a combination of organic growth and several acquisitions. In addition, Lower Lakes and Grand River have invested over $60,000,000 to reduce costs and extend the life of the fleet. Laurence Levy served as Rand Acquisition’s Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer from its inception until its acquisition of Lower Lakes and Grand River and has served as Rand Logistics’ Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer since such time. Edward Levy, our Vice Chairman of the Board and President, has served as Rand Logistics’ President since June 2006. In March 2007, Hyde Park Acquisition Corporation, a blank check company founded by Laurence Levy and Edward Levy, consummated its initial public offering, raising $103,500,000. In October 2008, Hyde Park acquired Essex Crane Rental Corp. At the time of the acquisition, Hyde Park changed its name to Essex Rental Corp. (Nasdaq: ESSX) (“Essex”). Essex is a leading owner of crawler cranes which are rented out on long-term lease, most often for large infrastructure projects. In November, 2010, Essex acquired the assets of Coast Crane Corporation (“Coast”) out of bankruptcy. Coast is a leading provider of lifting solutions, including rough terrain cranes, tower cranes, self erecting cranes and boom trucks in the western United States, Alaska and Hawaii. As a result of this strategic acquisition, Essex has materially broadened its product offerings and now has three primary lines of business, including a broad product portfolio of rental equipment for heavy lift industrial applications, a highly predictable and counter cyclical parts and service business and a new equipment sales and distribution segment, representing a variety of different manufacturers throughout the West Coast. Laurence Levy served as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Hyde Park from its inception until its acquisition of Essex Crane and has served as Essex’s Chairman of the Board since such time. Edward Levy served as President and a member of the Board of Hyde Park from its inception until its acquisition of Essex Crane and has served as Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors since Essex’s acquisition of Essex Crane. We will have until 24 months from the date of this prospectus to consummate our initial business combination. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within 24 months from the date of this prospectus, we will redeem 100% of our outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account and then seek to dissolve and liquidate. We expect the per share redemption price to be approximately $9.98 per share of common stock (or approximately $9.95 per share if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full), without taking into account any interest earned on such funds. However, we may not be able to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of our public stockholders. We currently anticipate structuring our initial business combination to acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination where we merge directly with the target business or where we acquire less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business. If we acquire less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business, we will not enter into a business combination unless either we or our public stockholders acquire at least a controlling interest in the target business (meaning not less than 50.1% of the voting equity interests in the target or all or substantially all of the assets of such target). As more fully discussed in “ Management — Conflicts of Interest ”, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to 2 TABLE OF CONTENTS presenting such business combination opportunity to us. All of our officers and directors currently have certain relevant pre-existing fiduciary duties or contractual obligations. In addition, our officers have agreed not to participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other blank check company until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering. Private Placements In February 2011, our sponsors purchased an aggregate of 2,524,391 shares of our common stock, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as the “founders’ shares,” for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.01 per share. The founders’ shares held by our sponsors include an aggregate of up to 329,269 shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that our sponsors will collectively own 18.0% of our issued and outstanding shares after this offering (assuming our sponsors do not purchase units in this offering). A portion of the founders’ shares in an amount equal to 567,215 shares (or 652,297 shares if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), which we refer to as “founder earnout shares” throughout this prospectus, will be subject to forfeiture in the event the last sales price of our stock does not equal or exceed $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period following the closing of our initial business combination. The founders’ shares are identical to the shares of common stock included in the units being sold in this offering. However, our sponsors have agreed (A) to vote their founders’ shares and any public shares acquired in or after this offering in favor of any proposed business combination, and (B) not to convert any shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve our proposed initial business combination or to sell any shares to us pursuant to any tender offer described herein. Additionally, our sponsors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the founders’ shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, (1) with respect to 50% of the founders’ shares, the last sales price of our common stock equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination and with respect to the remaining 50% of the founders’ shares, the last sales price of our common stock equals or exceeds $15.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination or (2) we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Our sponsors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the founder earnout shares prior to the later of one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination or the date such founder earnout shares are earned, other than pursuant to the limited exceptions described herein. In addition, our sponsors have committed to purchase an aggregate of 5,000,000 sponsors’ warrants at a price of $0.75 per warrant ($3,750,000 in the aggregate) in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of this offering. The $3,750,000 proceeds from the private placement of the sponsors’ warrants will be added to the proceeds of this offering and placed in a trust account at _______ with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee. If we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering, the $3,750,000 proceeds from the sale of the sponsors’ warrants will be included in the liquidating distribution to our public stockholders and the sponsors’ warrants will expire worthless. The sponsors’ warrants are identical to the warrants included in the units sold in this offering except that the sponsors’ warrants: (1) will not be redeemable by us and (2) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, as described in this prospectus, in each case so long 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS as they are held by our sponsors or any of their permitted transferees. Additionally, our sponsors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the sponsors’ warrants, including the common stock issuable upon exercise of the sponsors’ warrants (except to certain permitted transferees), until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Our executive offices are located at 500 Fifth Avenue, 50 th floor, New York, NY 10110, and our telephone number is (212) 644-3450. 4 TABLE OF CONTENTS The Offering In making your decision on whether to invest in our securities, you should take into account not only the backgrounds of the members of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company and the fact that this offering is not being conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section below entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 23 of this prospectus. Securities offered 10,000,000 units, at $10.00 per unit, each unit consisting of one share of common stock and one warrant. Quotation of our securities and proposed symbols We anticipate the units, and the shares of common stock and warrants once they begin separate trading, will be quoted on the OTCBB under the symbols ______, _____ and _____, respectively. Trading commencement and separation of common stock and warrants The units will begin trading on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. The common stock and warrants comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 45 th day following the date of this prospectus unless Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our having filed the Current Report on Form 8-K described below and having issued a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Once the shares of common stock and warrants commence separate trading, holders will have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component pieces. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into shares of common stock and warrants. We will file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC, including an audited balance sheet, promptly upon the consummation of this offering, which is anticipated to take place three business days from the date the units commence trading. The audited balance sheet will reflect our receipt of the proceeds from the exercise of the over-allotment option if the over-allotment option is exercised on the date of this prospectus. If the over-allotment option is exercised after the date of this prospectus, we will file an amendment to the Form 8-K or a new Form 8-K to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the over-allotment option. We will also include in the Form 8-K, or amendment thereto, or in a subsequent Form 8-K, information indicating if Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. has allowed 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS separate trading of the common stock and warrants prior to the 45 th day after the date of this prospectus. Units: Number outstanding before this offering 0 units Number outstanding after this offering 10,000,000 units Shares of common stock: Number outstanding before this offering 2,524,391 shares (1) Number to be outstanding after this offering 12,195,122 shares (2) Warrants: Number outstanding before this offering 0 warrants Number to be sold to insiders 5,000,000 warrants Number to be outstanding after this offering and sale to insiders 15,000,000 warrants Exercisability Each warrant is exercisable for one share of common stock. Exercise price $11.50. No warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall (1) This number includes an aggregate of 329,269 founders’ shares that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters and includes 567,215 earnout shares (or 652,297 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) that are subject to forfeiture if the last sales price of our stock does not equal or exceed $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period following the closing of our initial business combination. (2) Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 329,269 founders’ shares have been forfeited. Includes 567,215 earnout shares (or 652,297 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) that are subject to forfeiture if the last sales price of our stock does not equal or exceed $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period following the closing of our initial business combination. 6 TABLE OF CONTENTS have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis. Exercise period The warrants will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination and 12 months from the closing of this offering. The warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, five years after the completion of our initial business combination, or earlier upon redemption. Redemption We may redeem the outstanding warrants (excluding the sponsors’ warrants and any other warrants we may issue to our sponsors, officers or directors as described in this prospectus) in whole and not in part, at a price of $0.01 per warrant, • at any time while the warrants are exercisable, • upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption, • if, and only if, the last sales price of our shares of common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period (the “30-day trading period”) ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption; and • if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such warrants commencing five business days prior to the 30-day trading period and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption, each warrant holder can exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the shares of common stock may fall below the $18.00 trigger price as well as the $11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. The redemption criteria for our warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing stock price and the warrant exercise price. If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS to do so on a “cashless basis.” In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average reported last sale price of the shares of common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. Securities being purchased by insiders Prior to the date of this prospectus, our sponsors purchased an aggregate of 2,524,391 founders’ shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.01 per share. This includes an aggregate of up to 329,269 shares of common stock subject to forfeiture to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters in full or in part. Our sponsors will be required to forfeit only a number of shares of common stock necessary to maintain the 18.0% ownership interest in our shares of common stock after giving effect to the offering and exercise, if any, of the underwriters’ over-allotment option. In addition, the founder earnout shares (equal to 567,215 shares, or 652,297 shares if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be subject to forfeiture in the event the last sales price of our stock does not equal or exceed $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period following the closing of our initial business combination. The founders’ shares are identical to the shares of common stock included in the units being sold in this offering. However, our sponsors have agreed (A) to vote their founders’ shares and any public shares purchased in or after this offering in favor of any proposed business combination, (B) not to convert any shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination and (C) not to sell any shares to us pursuant to any tender offer described herein. Our sponsors have committed that they and/or their designees will purchase an aggregate of 5,000,000 sponsors’ warrants at $0.75 per warrant (for a total purchase price of approximately $3,750,000) pursuant to letter agreements among us. These purchases will take place on a private 8 TABLE OF CONTENTS placement basis and will be consummated simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. The amounts to be paid upon consummation of the private placement will be placed in escrow with our counsel prior to the effectiveness of this registration statement. The sponsors’ warrants are identical to the warrants included in the units sold in this offering except that the sponsors’ warrants: (1) will not be redeemable by us and (2) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, as described in this prospectus, in each case so long as they are held by our sponsors or any of their permitted transferees. If the sponsors’ warrants are held by holders other than our sponsors or any of their permitted transferees, the sponsors’ warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering. In the event of a liquidation prior to our initial business combination, the sponsors’ warrants will expire worthless. Restrictions on transfer of founders’ shares and sponsors’ warrants On the date of this prospectus, the founders’ shares will be placed into an escrow account maintained in New York, New York by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as escrow agent. Subject to certain limited exceptions, these shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, (1) with respect to 50% of the founders’ shares, the last sales price of our common stock equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination and with respect to the remaining 50% of the founders’ shares, the last sales price of our common stock equals or exceeds $15.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination or (2) we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. The limited exceptions include (1) transfers amongst the holders, to our officers, 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS directors and employees, to a holder’s affiliates or its members upon its liquidation, (2) transfers to relatives and trusts for estate planning purposes, (3) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (4) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order or (5) by private sales made in connection with the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the shares were originally purchased, in each case where the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement and forfeiture, as the case may be. In addition, our sponsors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the founder earnout shares prior to the later of one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination or the date such founder earnout shares are earned, other than pursuant to the limited exceptions described above. Our sponsors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the sponsors’ warrants, including the common stock issuable upon exercise of the sponsors’ warrants (except to certain permitted transferees), until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Offering proceeds to be held in the trust account $96,000,000 of the net proceeds of this offering (or $110,625,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), plus the $3,750,000 we will receive from the sale of the sponsors’ warrants, for an aggregate of $99,750,000 or approximately $9.98 per unit sold to the public in this offering (or $114,375,000 or approximately $9.95 per unit sold to the public in this offering if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), will be placed in a trust account at __________, maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee pursuant to an agreement to be signed on the date of this prospectus. These proceeds include $2,500,000 (or $2,875,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) in deferred underwriting commissions that may be released to the underwriters only on completion of our initial business combination. Except as set forth below, the proceeds held in the trust account will not be released until the earlier of: (1) the completion of our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering and (2) our redemption of 100% of the outstanding public shares if we have not completed a business combination in the required time period. Therefore, unless and until our initial 10 TABLE OF CONTENTS business combination is consummated, the proceeds held in the trust account will not be available for our use for any expenses related to this offering or expenses which we may incur related to the investigation and selection of a target business and the negotiation of an agreement to acquire a target business. Notwithstanding the foregoing, there can be released to us from the trust account (1) amounts necessary to purchase up to 50% of the shares sold in this offering, as described in more detail below under “ Permitted purchases of shares ,” (2) any interest earned on the funds in the trust account that we need to pay our income or other tax obligations and (2) any remaining interest earned on the funds in the trust account that we need for our working capital requirements. With these exceptions, expenses incurred by us may be paid prior to a business combination only from the net proceeds of this offering not held in the trust account (initially anticipated to be $1,000,000); provided, however, that in order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of this offering if the funds not held in the trust account and interest earned on the funds held in the trust account available to us are insufficient, our sponsors, officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the holder’s discretion, up to $500,000 of the notes may be converted into warrants at a price of $0.75 per warrant. These warrants would be identical to the sponsors’ warrants. If we do not complete a business combination, the loans will be forgiven. None of the warrants may be exercised until the later of 30 days after the consummation of our initial business combination and 12 months from the closing of this offering and, thus, after the proceeds of the trust account have been disbursed. Accordingly, the warrant exercise price will be paid directly to us and not placed in the trust account. Limited payments to insiders There will be no fees, reimbursements or other cash payments paid to our sponsors, officers, directors or their affiliates prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is) other than: • repayment at the closing of this offering of an aggregate of $100,000 of non-interest bearing loans made by Laurence S. Levy, our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, and Edward Levy, our Vice Chairman of the Board and President; • payment of $10,000 per month to ProChannel Management LLC, affiliate of Laurence S. Levy, for office space and related services; and • reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with certain activities on our behalf, such as identifying and investigating possible business targets and business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us. Our Board of Directors will review and approve all reimbursements and payments made to any sponsor or member of our management team, or our or their respective affiliates, with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. Stockholder approval of, or tender offer in connection with, initial business combination In connection with any proposed initial business combination, we will either (1) seek stockholder approval of such initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of 12 TABLE OF CONTENTS factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately $9.98 per share, or approximately $9.95 per share if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full. Unlike other blank check companies which require stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and related conversions of public shares for cash upon consummation of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, we will have the flexibility to avoid such stockholder vote and allow our stockholders to sell their shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers. In that case, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, solely if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. Our sponsors and our officers and directors have agreed (1) to vote any of their founders’ shares and any public shares purchased in or after this offering in favor of any proposed business combination and (2) not to convert any shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination or sell any shares to us pursuant to any tender offer described above. The $5,000,001 net tangible asset threshold is different from the thresholds used by most blank check companies. Traditionally, blank check companies would not be able to consummate a business combination if the holders of the company’s public shares voted against a proposed business combination and elected to convert more than a much smaller percentage of the shares sold in such company’s initial public offering, which percentage threshold was typically between 20% and 40%. As a result, many blank check companies have been unable to complete business combinations because the amount of shares voted by their public stockholders electing conversion 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS exceeded the maximum conversion threshold pursuant to which such company could proceed with a business combination. Public stockholders who convert or sell their stock will continue to have the right to exercise any warrants they may hold if the business combination is consummated. Stockholder approval procedures if meeting held If we seek stockholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, no public stockholder, whether acting singly or with any affiliate or other person acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), will be permitted, without our prior consent, to exercise voting rights on any proposal submitted for consideration at a meeting relating to a proposed business combination (including proposals to remove all blank-check related provisions from our amended and restated certificate of incorporation) with respect to more than 10% of the shares sold in this offering. Accordingly, all shares sold in this offering beneficially owned (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) by a public stockholder (or stockholders if they are acting in concert or as a group) in excess of 10% (the “Excess Shares”) shall be voted by our management in favor of all proposals submitted for consideration at such meeting and will not be converted to cash. We believe this restriction will prevent a single stockholder or “group” from obstructing all stockholders’ ability to consider and vote upon a transaction by accumulating large blocks of shares before the vote is held to approve a proposed business combination and attempt to force us to purchase its shares at a significant premium to the then current market price or provide it with some other form of inducement in exchange for its agreement to vote in favor of the proposed business combination. By limiting a stockholder’s ability to vote with respect to no more than 10% of the shares sold in this offering, we believe we have limited the ability of a small group of stockholders to block a transaction which is favored by our other public stockholders. In connection with any vote for a proposed business combination, our sponsors, as well as all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote their founders’ shares and any public shares acquired in or after this offering in favor of such proposed business combination. None of our sponsors, officers, directors or their affiliates has 14 TABLE OF CONTENTS indicated any intention to purchase units in this offering or any units or shares of common stock from persons in the open market or in private transactions. However, if a significant number of stockholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against a proposed business combination, our sponsors, officers, directors or their affiliates could make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions in order to influence the vote. If a stockholder meeting is held, we will consummate a business combination only if (1) a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination and (2) we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation. Additionally, if holders of shares sold in this offering indicate an intention to vote against a proposed business combination and/or seek conversion of their shares into cash, we may negotiate arrangements to provide for the purchase of such shares at the closing of such business combination using funds held in the trust account. The purpose of such arrangements would be to increase the likelihood of satisfaction of the requirements that (A) the holders of a majority of our shares of common stock outstanding vote in favor of a proposed business combination and (B) that we have at least $5,000,001 of net tangible assets upon consummation of the proposed business combination, where it appears that such requirements would otherwise not be met. All shares to be purchased pursuant to such arrangements would be voted in favor of the proposed business combination. The maximum cash purchase price that will be offered by us to the holders of shares will be the per-share conversion price at the time of the business combination. However, if we pay fees to third parties (“aggregators”) to assist us in purchasing shares (and thereby influencing the vote), such fees could reduce the resulting per share book value of our combined company following the transaction. The proxy materials sent to stockholders in connection with a vote on a proposed business combination would disclose the risks of engaging aggregators and that the fees payable to such aggregators could have an impact on the resulting per share book value following the transaction. Additionally, the funds in our trust account that are so used will not be available to us after the merger and therefore we may not have sufficient funds to effectively 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS operate our business going forward. The depletion of the funds in our trust account used for the foregoing purposes could impact our ability to consummate the business combination (for instance, if a condition to consummating the business combination is that the target has access to a minimum amount of funds from our trust account following the closing). Nevertheless, we believe entering into these types of transactions would still be in our remaining stockholders’ best interests because the transaction would be able to be completed rather than forcing us to liquidate when such remaining stockholders favored the transaction. Conversion rights if stockholder meeting held In connection with any stockholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, each public stockholder will have the right, regardless of whether he is voting for or against such proposed business combination, to demand that we convert his shares into a pro rata share of the trust account. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of his or any other person with whom he is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) will be restricted from seeking conversion rights with respect to 10% or more of the shares of common stock sold in this offering without our prior written consent. We believe this restriction will prevent an individual stockholder or “group” from accumulating large blocks of shares before the vote held to approve a proposed business combination and attempt to use the conversion right as a means to force us or our management to purchase its shares at a significant premium to the then current market price. By limiting a stockholder’s ability to convert no more than 10% of the shares of common stock sold in this offering, we believe we have limited the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block a transaction which is favored by our other public stockholders. We may also require public stockholders, whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent at any time through the vote on the business combination or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option. There is a nominal cost associated with this tendering process and the act of 16 TABLE OF CONTENTS certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC system. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker $45 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the converting holder. The proxy solicitation materials that we will furnish to stockholders in connection with the vote for any proposed business combination will indicate whether we are requiring stockholders to satisfy such certification and delivery requirements. Accordingly, a stockholder would have from the time the stockholder received our proxy statement through the vote on the business combination to deliver his shares if he wishes to seek to exercise his conversion rights. This time period varies depending on the specific facts of each transaction. However, as the delivery process can be accomplished by the stockholder, whether or not he is a record holder or his shares are held in “street name,” in a matter of hours by simply contacting the transfer agent or his broker and requesting delivery of his shares through the DWAC System, we believe this time period will be sufficient for the average investor. Please see the risk factor titled “ If we hold a meeting to approve our initial business combination, we may require stockholders who wish to convert their shares in connection with a proposed business combination to comply with specific requirements for conversion that may make it more difficult for them to exercise their conversion rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights ” for further information on the risks of failing to comply with these requirements. Conversion rights in connection with proposed amendments to our certificate of incorporation Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions relating to the rights of our public stockholders prior to consummating our initial business combination. We have no intention of amending our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to remove such prohibition or to allow us a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination prior to our consummation of such initial business combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we do seek to amend such provisions, we will provide dissenting public stockholders with the opportunity to convert their public shares in connection with any such vote. Our sponsors have agreed to waive any conversion rights with respect to any founders’ shares and any public 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS shares they may hold in connection with any such vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Permitted purchases of shares Prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, there can be released to us from the trust account amounts necessary to purchase up to 50% of the shares sold in this offering (5,000,000 shares, or 5,750,000 shares if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) at any time commencing 60 days after the date of this prospectus and ending on the date we announce our initial business combination or, if we elect to seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, on the record date for the vote to approve our initial business combination. Purchases will be made only in open market transactions at times when we are not in possession of any material non-public information. It is intended that purchases will comply with the technical requirements of Rule 10b-18 (including timing, pricing and volume of purchases) under the Exchange Act (although the purchases will not actually be effectuated under Rule 10b-18) at prices (inclusive of commissions) not to exceed the per-share amount then held in the trust account (initially approximately $9.98 per share, or approximately $9.95 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full). We can purchase any or all of the 5,000,000 shares (or 5,750,000 shares if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) we are entitled to purchase. It will be entirely in our discretion as to how many shares are purchased, when purchases are made and at what prices (provided the price does not exceed the per-share amount then held in the trust account). Purchasing decisions will be made based on various factors, including the then current market price of our common stock and the terms of the proposed business combination. All shares purchased by us will be immediately cancelled. These purchases, if we decide to undertake them, would provide a readily available market for a public stockholder wishing to sell his shares prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. At the same time, by agreeing to pay no more than the per-share amount then held in the trust account for such shares, the resulting per-share conversion or liquidation price for all of our other public stockholders increases (or at worst, remains constant) because we may have paid less to the selling stockholder than we would have had 18 TABLE OF CONTENTS to pay had such stockholder sought conversion or sold his shares to us in a tender offer. The foregoing may have the effect of making it easier for us to complete our initial business combination because there may be fewer shares outstanding held by stockholders that might have had the intention of voting against any proposed business combination or seeking to sell shares back to us in a tender offer following such purchases. However, if we made such purchases, we would have less cash immediately available to us to complete a proposed business combination and therefore may be required to obtain third-party financing. Liquidation if no business combination If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by 24 months from the date of this prospectus, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest but net of franchise and income taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. We may not have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors’ claims. Although we are required to have all third parties (including any vendors or other entities we engage after this offering) and any prospective target businesses enter into valid and enforceable agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements. There is also no guarantee that the third parties would not challenge the enforceability of these waivers and bring claims against the trust account for monies owed them. Our officers have agreed that they will be jointly 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS and severally liable to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account are not reduced by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us, but they may not be able to satisfy their indemnification obligations if they are required to do so. Notwithstanding the foregoing, they will have no personal liability under this indemnity (1) as to any claimed amounts owed to a target business or vendor or other entity who has executed a valid and enforceable agreement with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account, or (2) as to any claims under our indemnity with the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. The holders of the founders’ shares will not participate in any redemption distribution with respect to their founders’ shares. If we are unable to conclude our initial business combination and we expend all of the net proceeds of this offering not deposited in the trust account, without taking into account any interest earned on the trust account, we expect that the initial per-share redemption price will be approximately $9.98 (or approximately $9.95 per share if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full). The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to claims of our creditors that are in preference to the claims of our stockholders. In addition, if we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. Therefore, the actual per-share redemption price may be less than approximately $9.98 (or approximately $9.95 per share if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full). We will pay the costs of any subsequent liquidation from our remaining assets outside of the trust account. If such funds are insufficient, our officers have agreed to pay the funds necessary to complete such liquidation (currently anticipated to be no more than approximately $15,000) and have agreed not to seek repayment for such expenses. 20 TABLE OF CONTENTS Risks We are a newly formed company that has conducted no operations and has generated no revenues. Until we complete our initial business combination, we will have no operations and will generate no operating revenues. In making your decision on whether to invest in our securities, you should take into account not only the background of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company, as well as the fact that this offering is not being conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and, therefore, you will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. For additional information concerning how Rule 419 blank check offerings differ from this offering, please see “ Proposed Business — Comparison to offerings of blank check companies subject to Rule 419 .” You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 23 of this prospectus. 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS SUMMARY FINANCIAL DATA The following table summarizes the relevant financial data for our business and should be read with our financial statements, which are included in this prospectus. We have not had any significant operations to date, and accordingly only balance sheet data is presented. April 28, 2011 Actual As Adjusted (1) Balance Sheet Data: Working capital (deficiency) $ (12,984 ) $ 100,671,024 Total assets 123,250 100,671,024 Total liabilities 100,000 — Value of common stock which may be converted/redeemed for cash — 95,671,023 Stockholders’ equity 23,250 5,000,001 (1) Includes the $3,750,000 we will receive from the sale of the sponsors’ warrants. The “as adjusted” information gives effect to the sale of the units we are offering, including the application of the related gross proceeds and the payment of the estimated remaining costs from such sale and the repayment of the accrued and other liabilities required to be repaid. The “as adjusted” working capital and total assets amounts include the $99,750,000 to be held in the trust account, which, except for limited situations described in this prospectus, will be available to us only upon the consummation of our initial business combination within the time period described in this prospectus. If our initial business combination is not so consummated, the trust account, less amounts we are permitted to withdraw as described in this prospectus, will be distributed solely to our public stockholders (subject to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors). We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, solely if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. 22 TABLE OF CONTENTS RISK FACTORS An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, which we believe represent the material risks related to the offering, together with the other information contained in this prospectus, before making a decision to invest in our units. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. This prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of specific factors, including the risks described below. Risks Associated with Our Business We are a newly formed blank check company in the development stage with no operating history and, accordingly, you will not have any basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a newly formed blank check company in the development stage with no operating results to date. Therefore, our ability to commence operations is dependent upon obtaining financing through the public offering of our securities. Since we do not have an operating history, you will have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective, which is to acquire an operating business. We have not conducted any discussions and we have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective acquisition candidates. We will not generate any revenues until, at the earliest, after the consummation of our initial business combination. Our independent registered public accounting firm’s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a “going concern.” As of April 28, 2011, we had $87,016 in cash and cash equivalents and a working capital deficiency of $12,984. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management’s plans to address this need for capital through this offering are discussed in the section of this prospectus titled “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .” Our plans to raise capital and to consummate our initial business combination may not be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this prospectus do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to consummate this offering or our inability to continue as a going concern. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination, our public stockholders may be forced to wait more than 24 months before receiving distributions from the trust account. We have 24 months in which to complete our initial business combination. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to such date unless we consummate our initial business combination prior thereto and only then in cases where investors have sought to tender or convert their shares. Only after the expiration of this full time period will public security holders be entitled to distributions from the trust account if we are unable to complete our initial business combination. Accordingly, investors’ funds may be unavailable to them until after such date and to liquidate your investment, public security holders may be forced to sell their public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination. We will either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described elsewhere in this prospectus. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Accordingly, it is possible that we will consummate our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the business combination we consummate. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of this offering are intended to be used to complete our initial business combination with a target business that has not been identified, we may be deemed to be a “blank check” company under the United States securities laws. However, since we will have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,001 upon the successful consummation of this offering and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors of blank check companies such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules which would, for example, completely restrict the transferability of our securities, require us to complete our initial business combination within 18 months of the effective date of the initial registration statement and restrict the use of interest earned on the funds held in the trust account. Because we are not subject to Rule 419, our units will be immediately tradable, we will be entitled to withdraw amounts from the funds held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination and we will have a longer period of time to complete such a business combination than we would if we were subject to such rule. We may issue shares of our capital stock or debt securities to complete our initial business combination, which would reduce the equity interest of our stockholders and likely cause a change in control of our ownership. As of the date of this prospectus, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.0001 per share. Immediately after this offering and the purchase of the sponsors’ warrants (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option), there will be 72,804,878 authorized but unissued shares of common stock available for issuance (after appropriate reservation for the issuance of the shares upon full exercise of our outstanding warrants). Although we have no commitment as of the date of this offering, we may issue a substantial number of additional shares of common stock or shares of preferred stock, or a combination of common stock and preferred stock, to complete our initial business combination. The issuance of additional shares of common stock or preferred stock: • may significantly reduce the equity interest of investors in this offering; • may subordinate the rights of holders of shares of common stock if we issue shares of preferred stock with rights senior to those afforded to our shares of common stock; 24 TABLE OF CONTENTS • may cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and • may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our shares of common stock. We may incur significant indebtedness in order to consummate our initial business combination. If we find it necessary to incur significant indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, it could result in: • default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after our initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; • acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; • our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; and • our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding. If the net proceeds of this offering not being held in the trust account, together with the interest in the trust account (net of taxes payable) which may be released to us for working capital purposes, are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 24 months, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If the net proceeds of this offering are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 24 months, we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. The funds held in the trust account may not earn significant interest and, as a result, we may be limited to the funds held outside of the trust account to fund our search for target businesses, to pay our tax obligations and to complete our initial business combination. Of the net proceeds of this offering, $1,000,000 is anticipated to be available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. We will depend on sufficient interest being earned on the proceeds held in the trust account to provide us with additional working capital we will need to identify one or more target businesses and to complete our initial business combination, as well as to pay any tax obligations that we may owe. Interest rates on permissible investments for us have been less than 1% over the last several months. Accordingly, if we do not earn a sufficient amount of interest on the funds held in the trust account and use all of the funds held outside of the trust account, we may not have sufficient funds available with which to structure, negotiate or close our initial business combination. In such event, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsors, officers or directors to operate or may be forced to liquidate. 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption price received by stockholders may be less than approximately $9.98 (or approximately $9.95 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full). Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors and service providers we engage and prospective target businesses we negotiate with execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, they may not execute such agreements. Furthermore, even if such entities execute such agreements with us, they may seek recourse against the trust account. A court may not uphold the validity of such agreements. Accordingly, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to claims which could take priority over those of our public stockholders. Therefore, the per-share distribution from the trust account may be less than approximately $9.98 (approximately $9.95 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), plus interest, due to such claims. Additionally, if we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we may not be able to return to our public stockholders at least approximately $9.98 (approximately $9.95 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full). Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them. If we have not completed our initial business combination by 24 months from the date of this prospectus, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest but net of franchise and income taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. We may not properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of the date of distribution. Accordingly, third parties may seek to recover from our stockholders amounts owed to them by us. If we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, because we intend to distribute the proceeds held in the trust account to our public stockholders promptly after expiration of the 24 month deadline, this may be viewed or interpreted as giving preference to our public stockholders over any potential creditors with respect to access to or distributions from our assets. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. Claims may be brought against us for these reasons. 26 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our officers, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below approximately $9.98 per public share (or approximately $9.95 per public share if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) and either of our officers asserts that he is unable to satisfy his obligations or that he has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against such individual to enforce such indemnification obligations. It is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below $9.98 per share (or $9.95 per share if the over-allotment option is exercised in full). If we do not file and maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will only be able to exercise such warrants on a “cashless basis.” If we do not file and maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants at the time that holders wish to exercise such warrants, they will only be able to exercise them on a “cashless basis.” As a result, the number of shares of common stock that holders will receive upon exercise of the warrants will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his warrant for cash. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to file and maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However, we may not be able to do so. If we are unable to do so, the potential “upside” of the holder’s investment in our company may be reduced. An investor will only be able to exercise a warrant if the issuance of shares of common stock upon such exercise has been registered or qualified or is deemed exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. No warrants will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of common stock unless the shares of common stock issuable upon such exercise has been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. If the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the warrants reside, the warrants may be deprived of any value, the market for the warrants may be limited and they may expire worthless if they cannot be sold. We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least 65% of the then outstanding warrants. Our warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision. The warrant agreement requires the approval by the holders of at least 65% of the then outstanding warrants in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if the holders of at least 65% of the warrants approve of such amendment. 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS If adjustments are made to the warrants, holders may be deemed to have received a taxable distribution without the receipt of any cash. U.S. holders of units or warrants may, in certain circumstances, be deemed to have received distributions includible in income if adjustments are made to the warrants, even though holders would have not received any cash or property as a result of such adjustments. In certain circumstances, the failure to provide for such an adjustment may also result in a constructive distribution to holders. In addition, non-U.S. holders of units or warrants may, in certain circumstances, be deemed to have received a distribution subject to U.S. federal withholding tax requirements. See the section titled “ Material U.S. Federal Tax Considerations ” for more detailed information. Since we have not yet selected a particular industry or target business with which to complete our initial business combination, we are unable to currently ascertain the merits or risks of the industry or business in which we may ultimately operate. We may consummate our initial business combination with a company in any industry we choose and are not limited to any particular industry or type of business. Accordingly, there is no current basis for you to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the particular industry in which we may ultimately operate or the target business which we may ultimately acquire. To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a financially unstable company or an entity in its development stage, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations of those entities. If we complete our initial business combination with an entity in an industry characterized by a high level of risk, we may be affected by the currently unascertainable risks of that industry. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular industry or target business, we may not properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. An investment in our units may not ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors in this offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a target business. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, our assessment of these individuals may not prove to be correct. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our key personnel, at least until we have consummated our initial business combination. Our key personnel may not remain with us for the immediate or foreseeable future. In addition, none of our officers are required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, they will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have employment agreements with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our officers. The unexpected loss of the services of our key personnel could have a detrimental effect on us. The role of our key personnel after our initial business combination, however, remains to be determined. Although some of our key personnel serve in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that most, if not all, of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, our assessment of these individuals may not prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a public company which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. 28 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our officers and directors may not have significant experience or knowledge regarding the jurisdiction or industry of the target business we may seek to acquire. Although we intend to focus on companies in the United States operating in various industries including infrastructure, logistics and distribution and manufacturing, we may consummate a business combination with a target business in any geographic location or industry we choose. Our officers and directors may not have enough experience or sufficient knowledge relating to the jurisdiction of the target or its industry to make an informed decision regarding our initial business combination. Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel will be able to remain with the company after the consummation of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements or other appropriate arrangements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. Our officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate our initial business combination. Our officers and directors are not required to commit their full time to our affairs, which could create a conflict of interest when allocating their time between our operations and their other commitments. We presently expect each of our employees to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary to our business. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. All of our officers and directors are engaged in several other business endeavors and are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our affairs. If our officers’ and directors’ other business affairs require them to devote more substantial amounts of time to such affairs, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs and could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate our initial business combination. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor. Certain of our officers, directors and their affiliates may become affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Members of our management team may in the future have affiliations with companies that are engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us. Accordingly, they may participate in transactions and have obligations that may be in conflict or competition with our consummation of our initial business combination. As a result, a potential target business may be presented by our management team to another entity prior to its presentation to us and we may not be afforded the opportunity to engage in a transaction with such target business. For a more detailed description of the potential conflicts of interest of our management, see the section titled “ Management — Conflicts of Interest .” 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS The shares and warrants beneficially owned by our officers and directors will not participate in liquidation distributions and, therefore, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for our initial business combination. Our officers and directors have waived their right to convert their founders’ shares or any other shares purchased in this offering or thereafter or to sell such shares to us in any tender offer, or to receive distributions with respect to their founders’ shares upon our liquidation if we are unable to consummate our initial business combination. Accordingly, the shares acquired prior to this offering, as well as the sponsors’ warrants and any warrants purchased by our officers or directors in the aftermarket, will be worthless if we do not consummate our initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors’ and officers’ discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our stockholders’ best interest. Our securities will be quoted on the OTCBB quotation system, which will limit the liquidity and price of our securities more than if our securities were quoted or listed on a national securities exchange and result in our stockholders not receiving the benefit of our being subject to the listing standards of a national securities exchange. Our units, common stock and warrants will be traded in the over-the-counter market and will be quoted on the OTCBB, which is a FINRA-sponsored and operated inter-dealer automated quotation system for equity securities not included on any national securities exchange. Quotation of our securities on the OTCBB will limit the liquidity and price of our securities more than if our securities were quoted or listed on a national securities exchange. Lack of liquidity will limit the price at which you may be able to sell our securities or your ability to sell our securities at all. The OTCBB does not impose listing standards or requirements. If our securities were listed on a national securities exchange, we would be subject to a number of listing standards, including requirements relating to our minimum unaffiliated market capitalization and common stock trading price, the independence of a majority of our board of directors, requirements regarding committees of our board and certain other stockholder approval and corporate governance requirements. In addition, we would be subject to any special stock exchange requirements applicable to blank check companies, such as requirements that we obtain stockholder approval of our initial business combination and that we do not enter into an initial business combination that has an acquisition value less than 80% of the funds in the trust account. Unlike many blank check companies, we are not required to acquire a target with a valuation equal to a certain percentage of the amount held in the trust account. Management’s unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate, along with our management’s financial interest in consummating our initial business combination, may lead management to enter into an acquisition agreement that is not in the best interest of our stockholders. Many blank check companies are required to consummate their initial business combination with a target whose value is equal to at least 80% of the amount of money held in the trust account of the blank check company at the time of entry into a definitive agreement for a business combination. Because we do not have the requirement that a target business have a minimum fair market enterprise value equal to a certain percentage of the net assets held in the trust account at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination, we will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate. Investors will be relying on management’s ability to identify business combinations, evaluate their merits, conduct or monitor diligence and conduct 30 TABLE OF CONTENTS negotiations. In addition, we may consummate a business combination with a target whose enterprise value is significantly less than the amount of money held in the trust account, thereby resulting in our ability to use the remaining funds in the trust account to make additional acquisitions without seeking stockholder approval or providing redemption rights. Management’s unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate, along with management’s financial interest in consummating our initial business combination, may lead management to enter into an acquisition agreement that is not in the best interest of our stockholders, which would be the case if the trading price of our shares of common stock after giving effect to such business combination was less than the per share trust liquidation value that our stockholders would have received if we had dissolved without consummating our initial business combination. We do not intend to establish an audit committee or a compensation committee until the consummation of our initial business combination. Until such time, no formal committee of independent directors will review matters related to our business, and such lack of review could negatively impact our business. Upon consummation of our initial business combination, our board of directors intends to establish an audit committee and a compensation committee, and adopt charters for these committees. Prior to such time, we do not intend to establish either committee. Accordingly, there will not be a separate committee comprised of some members of our board of directors with specialized accounting and financial knowledge to meet, analyze and discuss solely financial matters concerning prospective target businesses nor will there be a separate formal committee to review the reasonableness of expense reimbursement requests by anyone other than our board of directors, which includes persons who may seek such reimbursements. The absence of such committees to review the matters discussed above until the consummation of our initial business combination could negatively impact our operations and profitability. We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of this offering, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. It is likely we will consummate our initial business combination with a single target business, although we have the ability to simultaneously acquire several target businesses. By consummating a business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: • solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, or • dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. Alternatively, if we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete the business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. The ability of our stockholders to exercise their conversion rights or sell their shares to us in a tender offer may not allow us to effectuate the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. If our initial business combination requires us to use substantially all of our cash to pay the purchase price, because we will not know how many stockholders may exercise conversion rights or alternatively seek to sell their shares to us in a tender offer, we may either need to reserve part of the trust account for possible payment upon such conversion or sales, or we may need to arrange third party financing to help fund our initial business combination. In the event that the acquisition involves the issuance of our stock as consideration, we may be required to issue a higher percentage of our stock to make up for a shortfall in funds. Raising additional funds to cover any shortfall may involve dilutive equity financing or incurring indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. This may limit our ability to effectuate the most attractive business combination available to us. If we have a vote to approve our initial business combination, we will offer each public stockholder the option to vote in favor of the proposed business combination and still seek conversion of his, her or its shares. If we seek stockholder approval of any business combination, we will offer each public stockholder (but not our sponsors, officers or directors) the right to have his, her or its shares of common stock converted to cash (subject to the limitations described elsewhere in this prospectus) regardless of whether such stockholder votes for or against such proposed business combination. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, solely if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. Accordingly, public stockholders owning 9,591,080 shares sold in this offering may exercise their conversion rights and we could still consummate a proposed business combination so long as a majority of shares voted at the meeting are voted in favor of the proposed business combination. This is different than other similarly structured blank check companies where stockholders are offered the right to convert their shares only when they vote against a proposed business combination. Furthermore, our $5,000,001 net tangible asset threshold is different than the more typical conversion threshold of between 20% and 40% and further allows holders of our shares of common stock the right to vote in favor of our initial business combination and elect to convert their shares. This different threshold and the ability to seek conversion while voting in favor of a proposed business combination may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. If we hold a stockholders meeting to approve our initial business combination, public stockholders, together with any affiliates of theirs or any other person with whom they are acting in concert or as a “group,” will be restricted from seeking conversion rights with respect to more than 10% of the shares sold in this offering. If we seek stockholder approval of any business combination, we will offer each public stockholder (but not holders of our founders’ shares) the right to have his, her, or its shares of common stock converted into cash. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of his or any other person with whom he is acting in concert or as a “group” will be restricted from seeking conversion rights with respect to more than 10% of the shares sold in this offering. Accordingly, if you purchase more than 10% of the shares sold in this offering and our proposed business combination is approved, you will not be able to seek conversion rights with respect to the full amount of your shares and may be forced to hold such additional shares of common stock or sell them in the open market. The value of such additional shares may not appreciate over time following our initial business combination, and the market price of our shares of common stock may not exceed the per-share conversion price. 32 TABLE OF CONTENTS If we hold a stockholders meeting to approve our initial business combination, public stockholders, together with any affiliates of theirs or any other person with whom they are acting in concert or as a “group,” will be restricted from exercising voting rights with respect to more than 10% of the shares sold in this offering. If we determine to hold a meeting to approve our initial business combination, without our prior written consent, no public stockholder, whether acting singly or with any affiliate or other person acting in concert or as a “group,” shall be permitted to exercise voting rights on any proposal submitted for consideration at a meeting relating to our proposed business combination with respect to more than 10% of the shares sold in this offering. Accordingly, if you purchase more than 10% of the shares sold in this offering, you will be restricted from exercising voting rights with respect to any Excess Shares and such Excess Shares will not be converted to cash. Unlike other similarly structured blank check companies, we are permitted to withdraw trust fund proceeds prior to the consummation of our initial business combination to purchase shares of our common stock. This may have the effect of making it easier for us to complete our initial business combination. Unlike other similarly structured blank check companies, we are permitted to withdraw trust fund proceeds prior to the consummation of our initial business combination to purchase shares of common stock as described in this prospectus. As there would be fewer shares outstanding following such purchases that might have had the intention of voting against any proposed business combination or seeking to sell shares back to us in a tender offer, it may make it easier for us to consummate such a business combination. Furthermore, if our initial business combination requires us to use substantially all of our cash to pay the purchase price, we may be required to seek additional financing in order to complete the business combination. Moreover, even if our initial business combination does not require us to use substantially all of our cash to pay the purchase price, if we purchase up to the maximum number of shares we may purchase using trust fund proceeds and a significant number of holders exercise their conversion rights, we will have less cash available to use toward consummating our initial business combination and furthering our business plans following our initial business combination and may need to arrange third party financing. If we hold a meeting to approve our initial business combination, we may use funds in our trust account to purchase shares at the closing of our initial business combination from holders who have indicated an intention to convert their shares. If holders of shares sold in this offering indicate an intention to vote against a proposed business combination and/or seek conversion of their shares into cash, we may privately negotiate arrangements to provide for the purchase of such shares at the closing of the business combination using funds held in the trust account. We will pay no more than the pro rata portion of the trust account to purchase such shares (plus any fees we may need to pay an aggregator to assist us with purchasing such shares). The purpose of such arrangements would be to increase the likelihood of satisfaction of the requirements that the holders of a majority of our shares of common stock outstanding vote in favor of a proposed business combination and that we have at least $5,000,001 of net tangible assets upon consummation of the business combination where it appears that such requirements would otherwise not be met. This may result in the approval of a business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Additionally, as a consequence of such purchases, • the funds in our trust account that are so used will not be available to us after the merger; and • the public “float” of our shares of common stock may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS Furthermore, because the stockholders who sell their shares in a privately negotiated transaction or pursuant to market transactions may receive a per share purchase price payable from the trust account that is not reduced by a pro rata share of the deferred commissions or income or other tax obligations payable, our remaining stockholders may bear the entire payment of such deferred commissions and taxes payable. That is, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, the conversion price per share payable to public stockholders who elect to have their shares converted will be reduced by a larger percentage of the deferred commissions and taxes payable than it would have been in the absence of such privately negotiated or market transactions, and stockholders who do not elect to have their shares converted and remain our stockholders after the initial business combination will bear the economic burden of the deferred commissions and taxes payable because such amounts will be payable by us. If we hold a meeting to approve our initial business combination, we may require stockholders who wish to convert their shares in connection with a proposed business combination to comply with specific requirements for conversion that may make it more difficult for them to exercise their conversion rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights. In connection with any stockholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, each public stockholder will have the right, regardless of whether he is voting for or against such proposed business combination, to demand that we convert his shares into a pro rata share of the trust account. We may require public stockholders who wish to convert their shares in connection with a proposed business combination to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent at any time prior to the vote taken at the stockholder meeting relating to such business combination or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System. In order to obtain a physical stock certificate, a stockholder’s broker and/or clearing broker, DTC and our transfer agent will need to act to facilitate this request. It is our understanding that stockholders should generally allot at least two weeks to obtain physical certificates from the transfer agent. However, because we do not have any control over this process or over the brokers or DTC, it may take significantly longer than two weeks to obtain a physical stock certificate. While we have been advised that it takes a short time to deliver shares through the DWAC System, this may not be the case. Accordingly, if it takes longer than we anticipate for stockholders to deliver their shares, stockholders who wish to convert may be unable to meet the deadline for exercising their conversion rights and thus may be unable to convert their shares. If, in connection with any meeting held to approve a proposed business combination, we require public stockholders who wish to convert their shares to comply with specific requirements for conversion, such converting stockholders may be unable to sell their securities when they wish to in the event that the proposed business combination is not approved. If, in connection with any meeting held to approve a proposed business combination, we require public stockholders who wish to convert their shares to comply with specific requirements for conversion and such proposed business combination is not consummated, we will promptly return such certificates to the tendering public stockholders. Accordingly, investors who attempted to convert their shares in such a circumstance will be unable to sell their securities after the failed acquisition until we have returned their securities to them. The market price for our shares of common stock may decline during this time and you may not be able to sell your securities when you wish to, even while other stockholders that did not seek conversion may be able to sell their securities. Because of our structure, other companies may have a competitive advantage and we may not be able to consummate an attractive business combination. We expect to encounter intense competition from entities other than blank check companies having a business objective similar to ours, including venture capital funds, leveraged buyout funds and operating businesses competing for acquisitions. Many of these entities are well 34 TABLE OF CONTENTS established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe that there are numerous potential target businesses that we could acquire with the net proceeds of this offering, our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, seeking stockholder approval of our initial business combination may delay the consummation of a transaction. Additionally, our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Any of the foregoing may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial business combination. We may be unable to obtain additional financing, if required, to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of the target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. Although we believe that the net proceeds of this offering will be sufficient to allow us to consummate a business combination, because we have not yet identified any prospective target business, the capital requirements for any particular transaction remain to be determined. If the net proceeds of this offering prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of the business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, or the obligation to convert into cash a significant number of shares from dissenting stockholders, we will be required to seek additional financing. Such financing may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to consummate a particular business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. In addition, if we consummate a business combination, we may require additional financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. Our sponsors, officers and directors will control a substantial interest in us and thus may influence certain actions requiring a stockholder vote. Upon consummation of our offering, our sponsors, officers and directors will collectively own 18.0% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering). None of our sponsors, officers, directors or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units in this offering or any units or shares of common stock from persons in the open market or in private transactions. However, our sponsors, officers, directors or their affiliates could determine in the future to make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions, to the extent permitted by law, in order to influence the vote. In connection with any vote for a proposed business combination, our sponsors, as well as all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote the shares of common stock owned by them immediately before this offering as well as any shares of common stock acquired in this offering or in the aftermarket in favor of such proposed business combination. Additionally, if we purchase shares sold in this offering as indicated elsewhere in this prospectus, such 18.0% block could represent as much as approximately 30.5% depending on the number of shares we ultimately purchase. Our board of directors is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. It is unlikely that there will be an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the consummation of the business combination. Accordingly, you may not be able to exercise your voting rights under corporate law for up to 24 months. If there 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our “staggered” board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our sponsors, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our sponsors will continue to exert control at least until the consummation of our initial business combination. Our sponsors paid an aggregate of $25,000, or approximately $0.01 per share, for the founders’ shares and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of our shares of common stock. The difference between the public offering price per share and the pro forma net tangible book value per share of common stock after this offering constitutes the dilution to the investors in this offering. Our sponsors acquired the founders’ shares at a nominal price, significantly contributing to this dilution. Upon consummation of this offering, you and the other new investors will incur an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately 80.8% or $8.08 per share (the difference between the pro forma net tangible book value per share of $1.92, and the initial offering price of $10.00 per unit). This is because investors in this offering will be contributing approximately 99.98% of the total amount paid to us for our outstanding securities after this offering (excluding the $3,750,000 we will receive from the sale of the sponsors’ warrants) but will only own 82.0% of our outstanding securities. Accordingly, the per-share purchase price you will be paying substantially exceeds our per share net tangible book value. Our outstanding warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock and make it more difficult to effect our initial business combination. We will be issuing warrants to purchase 10,000,000 shares of common stock as part of the units offered by this prospectus and the sponsors’ warrants to purchase 5,000,000 shares of common stock. We may also issue other warrants to our sponsors, officers or directors in payment of working capital loans made to us as described in this prospectus. To the extent we issue shares of common stock to effect our initial business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle in the eyes of a target business. Such securities, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock and reduce the value of the shares issued to complete the business combination. Accordingly, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. Additionally, the sale, or even the possibility of sale, of the shares underlying the warrants could have an adverse effect on the market price for our securities or on our ability to obtain future financing. If and to the extent these warrants and option are exercised, you may experience dilution to your holdings. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of $0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of the common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third business day prior to proper notice of such redemption provided that on the date we give notice of redemption and during the entire period thereafter until the time we redeem the warrants, we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (1) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (2) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (3) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of 36 TABLE OF CONTENTS your warrants. None of the sponsors’ warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the sponsors or their permitted transferees. Our management’s ability to require holders of our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer shares of common stock upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their warrants for cash. If we call our public warrants for redemption after the redemption criteria described elsewhere in this prospectus have been satisfied, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his warrant (including any warrants held by our sponsors or their permitted transferees) to do so on a “cashless basis.” If our management chooses to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, the number of shares of common stock received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his warrant for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential “upside” of the holder’s investment in our company. The exercise price for the public warrants is higher than in many similar blank check company offerings in the past, and, accordingly, the warrants are more likely to expire worthless. The exercise price of the warrants is higher than is typical in many similar blank check companies. Historically, the exercise price of a warrant was generally a fraction of the purchase price of the units in the initial public offering. The exercise price for our public warrants is $11.50 per share. As a result, the warrants are less likely to ever be in the money and more likely to expire worthless. If our security holders exercise their registration rights, it may have an adverse effect on the market price of our shares of common stock and the existence of these rights may make it more difficult to effect our initial business combination. Our sponsors are entitled to make a demand that we register the resale of the founders’ shares at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which their shares may be released from escrow. Additionally, our sponsors are entitled to demand that we register the resale of the sponsors’ warrants and any other warrants we issue to them (and the underlying shares of common stock) commencing 90 days after we consummate our initial business combination. The presence of these additional shares of common stock trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. In addition, the existence of these rights may make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business, as the stockholders of the target business may be discouraged from entering into a business combination with us or will request a higher price for their securities because of the potential effect the exercise of such rights may have on the trading market for our shares of common stock. If we are deemed to be an investment company, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. A company that, among other things, is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, trading or holding certain types of securities would be deemed an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. Since we will invest the proceeds held in the trust account, it is possible that we could be deemed an investment company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act of 1940. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may be invested by the trustee only in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 having a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and that invest solely in U.S. “government securities” with a maturity of 180 days or 37 TABLE OF CONTENTS less. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, we intend to meet the requirements for the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940. If we are nevertheless deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, we may be subject to certain restrictions that may make it more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination, including: • restrictions on the nature of our investments; and • restrictions on the issuance of securities. In addition, we may have imposed upon us certain burdensome requirements, including: • registration as an investment company; • adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and • reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy, compliance policies and procedures and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. Compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expense for which we have not allotted. The determination for the offering price of our units is more arbitrary compared with the pricing of securities for an operating company in a particular industry. Prior to this offering there has been no public market for any of our securities. The public offering price of the units and the terms of the warrants were negotiated between us and the representative of the underwriters. Factors considered in determining the prices and terms of the units, including the shares of common stock and warrants underlying the units, include: • the history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies; • prior offerings of those companies; • our prospects for acquiring an operating business at attractive values; • our capital structure; • an assessment of our management and their experience in identifying operating companies; and • general conditions of the securities markets at the time of the offering. However, although these factors were considered, the determination of our offering price is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities for an operating company in a particular industry since we have no historical operations or financial results to compare them to. If we do not conduct an adequate due diligence investigation of a target business, we may be required to subsequently take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring, and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. We must conduct a due diligence investigation of the target businesses we intend to acquire. Intensive due diligence is time consuming and expensive due to the operations, accounting, finance and legal professionals who must be involved in the due diligence process. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business, this diligence may not reveal all material issues that may affect a particular target business, and factors outside the control of the target business and outside of our control may later arise. If our diligence fails to identify issues specific to a target business, industry or the environment in which the target business operates, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even though 38 TABLE OF CONTENTS these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our common stock. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the date of this prospectus may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating our initial business combination. We have 24 months from the date of this prospectus to complete our initial business combination. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware of this requirement. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete a business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete a business combination with any other target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time limit referenced above. We may not obtain a fairness opinion with respect to the target business that we seek to acquire and therefore you may be relying solely on the judgment of our board of directors in approving a proposed business combination. We will only be required to obtain a fairness opinion with respect to the target business that we seek to acquire if it is an entity that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors or sponsors, including (1) an entity that is either a portfolio company of, or has otherwise received a material financial investment from, any private equity fund or investment company (or an affiliate thereof) that is affiliated with any of the foregoing, (2) an entity in which any of the foregoing or their affiliates are currently passive investors, (3) an entity in which any of the foregoing or their affiliates are currently officers or directors, or (4) an entity in which any of the foregoing or their affiliates are currently invested through an investment vehicle controlled by them. In all other instances, we will have no obligation to obtain an opinion. Accordingly, investors will be relying solely on the judgment of our board of directors in approving a proposed business combination. Resources could be spent researching acquisitions that are not consummated, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. It is anticipated that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting, and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents, and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If a decision is made not to complete a specific business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, even if an agreement is reached relating to a specific target business, we may fail to consummate the business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If you are not an institutional investor, you may purchase our securities in this offering only if you reside within certain states in which we will apply to have the securities registered. Although resales of our securities are exempt from state registration requirements, state securities commissioners who view blank check offerings unfavorably may attempt to hinder resales in their states. We will offer and sell the units to retail customers only in Colorado, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Louisiana, Minnesota, Missouri, New York, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Utah, Virginia, Wisconsin and Wyoming. If you are not an “institutional investor,” you must be a resident of one of these jurisdictions to purchase 39 TABLE OF CONTENTS our securities in the offering. We may offer and sell the units to institutional investors in every state in this offering pursuant to an exemption provided for sales to these investors under the Blue Sky laws of various states. The definition of an “institutional investor” varies from state to state but generally includes financial institutions, broker-dealers, banks, insurance companies and other qualified entities. Under the National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, the resale of the units and, once they become separately transferable, the common stock and warrants comprising the units are exempt from state registration requirements. However, each state retains jurisdiction to investigate and bring enforcement actions with respect to fraud or deceit, or unlawful conduct by a broker or dealer, in connection with the sale of securities. Although we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict resales of securities issued by blank check companies generally, certain state securities commissioners view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the resale of securities of blank check companies in their state. For a complete discussion of the Blue Sky state securities laws and registrations affecting this offering, please see the section entitled “ Underwriting — State Blue Sky Information ” below. Compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 will require substantial financial and management resources and may increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls and requires that we have such system of internal controls audited beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2012. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny, civil or criminal penalties and/or stockholder litigation. Any inability to provide reliable financial reports could harm our business. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act also requires that our independent registered public accounting firm report on management’s evaluation of our system of internal controls. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Furthermore, any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in the implementation of adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. If we effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. We may effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States. If we did, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in the target business’ home jurisdiction, including any of the following: • rules and regulations or currency conversion or corporate withholding taxes on individuals; • tariffs and trade barriers; • regulations related to customs and import/export matters; • longer payment cycles; • tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; • currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 40 TABLE OF CONTENTS • challenges in collecting accounts receivable; • cultural and language differences; • employment regulations; • crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks and wars; and • deterioration of political relations with the United States. We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we are unable to do so, our operations may suffer. If we effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, the laws applicable to such company will likely govern all of our material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. If we effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, the laws of the country in which such company operates will govern almost all of the material agreements relating to its operations. The target business may not be able to enforce any of its material agreements or that remedies will be available in this new jurisdiction. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. Additionally, if we acquire a company located outside of the United States, it is likely that substantially all of our assets would be located outside of the United States and some of our officers and directors might reside outside of the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties of our directors and officers under Federal securities laws. Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our common stock and could entrench management. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. As a result, at a given annual meeting only a minority of the board of directors may be considered for election. Since our “staggered board” may prevent our stockholders from replacing a majority of our board of directors at any given annual meeting, it may entrench management and discourage unsolicited stockholder proposals that may be in the best interests of stockholders. Moreover, our board of directors has the ability to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock. We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or international financial reporting standards, we will not be able to complete our initial business combination with prospective target businesses unless their financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement 41 TABLE OF CONTENTS disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire. There is currently no market for our securities and a market for our securities may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. There is currently no market for our securities. Stockholders therefore have no access to information about prior market history on which to base their investment decision. Following this offering, the price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions. Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. There may be tax consequences to our initial business combinations that may adversely affect us. While we expect to undertake any merger or acquisition so as to minimize taxes both to the acquired business and/or asset and us, such business combination might not meet the statutory requirements of a tax-free reorganization, or the parties might not obtain the intended tax-free treatment upon a transfer of shares or assets. A non-qualifying reorganization could result in the imposition of substantial taxes. We may be subject to an increased rate of tax on our income if we are treated as a personal holding company. Depending on the date and size of our initial business combination, it is possible that we could be treated as a “personal holding company” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A U.S. corporation generally will be classified as a personal holding company for U.S. federal income tax purposes in a given taxable year if more than 50% of its ownership (by value) is concentrated, within a certain period of time, in five or fewer individuals (without regard to their citizenship or residency and including as individuals for this purpose certain entities such as certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds, and charitable trusts), and at least 60% of its income is comprised of certain passive items. See the section titled “ Material U.S. Federal Tax Considerations — Company — Personal Holding Company Status ” for more detailed information. 42 TABLE OF CONTENTS CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS The statements contained in this prospectus that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management’s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words “anticipates,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intends,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “possible,” “potential,” “predicts,” “project,” “should,” “would” and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this prospectus may include, for example, statements about our: • ability to complete our initial business combination; • success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; • officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; • potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; • pool of prospective target businesses; • the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; • potential change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; • our public securities’ potential liquidity and trading; • the lack of a market for our securities; • use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or • financial performance following this offering. The forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading “Risk Factors.” Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 43 TABLE OF CONTENTS USE OF PROCEEDS We estimate that the net proceeds of this offering, in addition to the funds we will receive from the sale of the sponsors’ warrants (all of which will be deposited into the trust account), will be used as set forth in the following table: Without Over-Allotment Option Over-Allotment Option Exercised Gross proceeds From offering $ 100,000,000 $ 115,000,000 From private placement 3,750,000 3,750,000 Total gross proceeds 103,750,000 118,750,000 Offering expenses (1) Underwriting discount (2.5% of gross proceeds from units offered to public, excluding deferred portion) (2) 2,500,000 (3) 2,875,000 (3) Legal fees and expenses 200,000 200,000 Blue Sky costs 40,000 40,000 Printing and engraving expenses 40,000 40,000 Accounting fees and expenses 40,000 40,000 FINRA filing fee 12,000 12,000 SEC registration fee 13,352 13,352 Miscellaneous expenses 154,648 154,648 Total offering expenses 3,000,000 3,375,000 Net proceeds Held in the trust account 99,750,000 114,375,000 Not held in the trust account 1,000,000 1,000,000 Total net proceeds $ 100,750,000 $ 115,375,000 Use of net proceeds not held in the trust account and amounts available from interest income earned on the trust account (4) (5) Legal, accounting and other third party expenses attendant to the search for target businesses and to the due diligence investigation, structuring and negotiation of our initial business combination $ 300,000 20.0 % Due diligence of prospective target businesses by officers, directors and sponsors 200,000 13.4 % Legal and accounting fees relating to SEC reporting obligations 110,000 7.3 % Payment of administrative fee to ProChannel Management ($10,000 per month for up to 24 months) 240,000 16.0 % Working capital to cover miscellaneous expenses, D&O insurance, general corporate purposes, liquidation obligations and reserves 650,000 43.3 % Total $ 1,500,000 100.0 % (1) A portion of the offering expenses, including the SEC registration fee, the FINRA filing fee and a portion of the legal and audit fees, have been paid from the funds we received from Laurence S. Levy and Edward Levy described below. These funds will be repaid out of the proceeds of this offering available to us. 44 TABLE OF CONTENTS (2) We have agreed to pay the underwriters deferred commissions in an amount equal to $0.25 per unit, or $2,500,000 in the aggregate (or approximately $2,875,000 in the aggregate if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), from our trust account upon closing of our initial business combination, as described in this prospectus. The amount of any aggregate deferred commissions paid to the underwriters will be reduced by the amount of any deferred commission earned on units which included shares which have been converted, tendered or repurchased prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. The deferred commissions will be released to the underwriters only on completion of our initial business combination, as described in this prospectus. (3) No discounts or commissions will be paid with respect to the purchase of the sponsors’ warrants. (4) The amount of proceeds not held in the trust account will remain constant at $1,000,000 even if the over-allotment is exercised. In addition, interest income earned on the amounts held in the trust account (after payment of taxes owed on such interest income) will be available to us to pay for our working capital requirements. We estimate the interest earned on the trust account will be approximately $500,000 over a 24-month period assuming an interest rate of approximately 0.25% per year. (5) These expenses are estimates only. Our actual expenditures for some or all of these items may differ from the estimates set forth herein. For example, we may incur greater legal and accounting expenses than our current estimates in connection with negotiating and structuring our initial business combination based upon the level of complexity of that business combination. We do not anticipate any change in our intended use of proceeds, other than fluctuations among the current categories of allocated expenses, which fluctuations, to the extent they exceed current estimates for any specific category of expenses, would be deducted from our excess working capital. Our sponsors have committed that they and/or their designees will purchase the sponsors’ warrants (for an aggregate purchase price of $3,750,000) from us on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. All of the proceeds we receive from these purchases will be placed in the trust account described below. $99,750,000, or $114,375,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full, of net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the sponsors’ warrants, including the deferred commissions, will be placed in a trust account at __________, maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, New York, New York, as trustee. The funds held in the trust account will be invested only in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 having a maturity of 180 days or less, or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and that invest solely in U.S. “government securities” with a maturity of 180 days or less, so that we are not deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Except with respect to (1) amounts necessary to purchase up to 50% of the shares sold in this offering, (2) interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our income or other tax obligations and (3) interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us for our working capital requirements, the proceeds will not be released from the trust account until the earlier of the completion of our initial business combination or our redemption of 100% of the outstanding public shares if we have not completed a business combination in the required time period. The proceeds held in the trust account may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which we complete our initial business combination. Any amounts not paid as consideration to the sellers of the target business may be used to finance operations of the target business. The payment to ProChannel Management LLC, an affiliate of Laurence Levy, of a monthly fee of $10,000 is for general and administrative services including office space, utilities and secretarial support. This arrangement is being agreed to by ProChannel Management LLC for our benefit and is not intended to provide Laurence Levy with compensation in lieu of a salary. We believe, based on rents and fees for similar services in New York City, that the fee charged by ProChannel Management LLC is at least as favorable as we could have obtained from an 45 TABLE OF CONTENTS unaffiliated person. This arrangement will terminate upon completion of our initial business combination or the distribution of the trust account to our public stockholders. Other than the $10,000 per month fee, no compensation of any kind (including finder’s and consulting fees or other similar compensation) will be paid to our sponsors, members of our management team or any of our or their respective affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, such individuals will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their operations. Since the role of present management after our initial business combination is uncertain, we have no ability to determine what remuneration, if any, will be paid to those persons after our initial business combination. Regardless of whether the over-allotment option is exercised in full, the net proceeds from this offering available to us out of trust for our working capital requirements in searching for our initial business combination will be approximately $1,000,000. In addition, interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (after payment of taxes owed on such interest income) may be released to us to fund our working capital requirements in searching for our initial business combination. We intend to use the after-tax interest earned for miscellaneous expenses such as paying fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business and for director and officer liability insurance premiums, with the balance being held in reserve in the event due diligence, legal, accounting and other expenses of structuring and negotiating business combinations exceed our estimates, as well as for reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by our sponsors, officers and directors in connection with activities on our behalf as described below. The allocation of the net proceeds available to us outside of the trust account, along with the available interest earned on the funds held in the trust account, represents our best estimate of the intended uses of these funds. In the event that our assumptions prove to be inaccurate, we may reallocate some of such proceeds within the above described categories. If our estimate of the costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating our initial business combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, or the amount of interest available to use from the trust account is insufficient as a result of the current low interest rate environment, we may be required to raise additional capital, the amount, availability and cost of which is currently unascertainable. In this event, we could seek such additional capital through loans or additional investments from members of our management team, but such members of our management team are not under any obligation to advance funds to, or invest in, us. We will likely use substantially all of the net proceeds of this offering, including the funds held in the trust account, to acquire a target business and to pay our expenses relating thereto. To the extent that our capital stock is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect our initial business combination, the proceeds held in the trust account which are not used to consummate a business combination will be disbursed to the combined company and will, along with any other net proceeds not expended, be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business’ operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products. To the extent we are unable to consummate a business combination, we will pay the costs of liquidation from our remaining assets outside of the trust account. If such funds are insufficient, our officers have agreed to pay the funds necessary to complete such liquidation (currently anticipated to be no more than $15,000) and have agreed not to seek repayment of such expenses. 46 TABLE OF CONTENTS As of the date of this prospectus, Laurence Levy and Edward Levy have loaned to us an aggregate of $100,000 to be used to pay a portion of the expenses of this offering referenced in the line items above for SEC registration fee, FINRA filing fee and a portion of the legal and audit fees and expenses. The loans are payable without interest on the earlier of (i) April 27, 2012, (ii) the date on which we consummate our initial public offering or (iii) the date on which we determine to not proceed with our initial public offering. The loans will be repaid out of the proceeds of this offering available to us for payment of offering expenses. We believe that, upon consummation of this offering, we will have sufficient available funds (which includes amounts that may be released to us from the trust account) to operate for the next 24 months, assuming that our initial business combination is not consummated during that time. However, if necessary, in order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of this offering, our sponsors, officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at holder’s discretion, up to $500,000 of the notes may be converted into warrants at a price of $0.75 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the sponsors’ warrants. If we do not complete our initial business combination, the loans will be forgiven. A public stockholder will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account (including interest earned on his, her or its portion of the trust account to the extent not previously released to us) only in the event of (1) our redemption of 100% of the outstanding public shares if we have not completed a business combination in the required time period, (2) if that public stockholder sells to us such shares prior to or at the closing of our initial business combination or (3) if that public stockholder elects to convert shares of common stock in connection with a stockholder vote or sells such shares to us in a tender offer. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. DIVIDEND POLICY We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future, except if we increase the size of the offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, in which case we will effect a stock dividend immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain our sponsors’ ownership at 18.0% of our issued and outstanding shares of our common stock upon the consummation of this offering. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 47 TABLE OF CONTENTS DILUTION The difference between the public offering price per share, assuming no value is attributed to the warrants included in the units we are offering by this prospectus and the sponsors’ warrants, and the pro forma net tangible book value per share after this offering constitutes the dilution to investors in this offering. Such calculation does not reflect any dilution associated with the sale and exercise of warrants, including the sponsors’ warrants, which would cause the actual dilution to our public stockholders to be higher, particularly where a cashless exercise is used. In addition, such calculation does not reflect any dilution associated with purchases we may make prior to our initial business combination of up to 50% of the shares sold in this offering using the trust proceeds or of the sponsors’ forfeiture of the earnout shares if the price target is not met. Net tangible book value per share is determined by dividing our net tangible book value, which is our total tangible assets less total liabilities (including the value of shares of common stock which may be converted into cash or sold back to us), by the number of outstanding shares of common stock. At April 28, 2011, our net tangible book value was $(12,984), or approximately $(0.01) per share. After giving effect to the sale of 10,000,000 shares of common stock included in the units we are offering by this prospectus, and the deduction of underwriting discounts and estimated expenses of this offering, and the sale of the sponsors’ warrants, our pro forma net tangible book value at April 28, 2011 would have been $5,000,001 or $1.92 per share, representing an immediate increase in net tangible book value of $1.93 per share to the sponsors and an immediate dilution of 80.8% per share or $8.08 to new investors not exercising their conversion rights. For purposes of presentation, our pro forma net tangible book value after this offering is $95,671,023 less than it otherwise would have been because if we effect our initial business combination, the conversion rights if we hold a meeting or our tender offer to the public stockholders (but not our sponsors) may result in the conversion or repurchase of up to 9,591,080 shares sold in this offering. The following table illustrates the dilution to our public stockholders on a per-share basis, assuming no value is attributed to the warrants included in the units and the sponsors’ warrants: Public offering price $ 10.00 Net tangible book value before this offering $ (0.01 ) Increase attributable to new investors and private sales 1.93 Pro forma net tangible book value after this offering 1.92 Dilution to new investors $ 8.08 Percentage of dilution to new investors 80.8 % The following table sets forth information with respect to our sponsors and the new investors: Shares Purchased Total Consideration Average Price per Share Number Percentage Amount Percentage Sponsors 2,195,122 (1) 18.0 % $ 25,000 00.02 % $ 0.01 New investors 10,000,000 82.0 % 100,000,000 99.98 % $ 10.00 12,195,122 100.0 % $ 100,025,000 100.0 % (1) Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 329,269 founders’ shares have been forfeited as a result thereof. 48 TABLE OF CONTENTS The pro forma net tangible book value per share after the offering is calculated as follows: Numerator: Net tangible book value before the offering $ (12,984 ) Net proceeds from this offering and private placement of sponsors’ warrants 100,750,000 Plus: Offering costs accrued for and paid in advance, excluded from tangible book value before this offering 36,234 Less: Underwriters’ deferred commissions of 2.5% assuming maximum conversions/tenders and repurchases (102,226 ) Less: Proceeds held in the trust account subject to conversion/tender (95,671,023 ) $ 5,000,001 Denominator: Shares of common stock outstanding prior to this offering 2,195,122 (1) Shares of common stock included in the units offered 10,000,000 Less: Shares subject to conversion/tender (9,591,080 ) 2,604,042 (1) Assumes that the underwriters’ over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 329,269 founders’ shares have been forfeited as a result thereof. 49 TABLE OF CONTENTS CAPITALIZATION The following table sets forth our capitalization at April 28, 2011 and as adjusted to give effect to the filing of our certificate of incorporation, the sale of our units and the sponsors’ warrants and the application of the estimated net proceeds derived from the sale of such securities: April 28, 2011 Actual As Adjusted (1) Notes payable to related parties (2) $ 100,000 $ — Common stock, $.0001 par value, -0- and 9,591,080 shares which are subject to possible conversion or tender (3) — 95,671,023 Stockholders’ equity: Preferred stock, $.0001 par value, 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding — — Common stock, $.0001 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized; 2,524,391 shares issued and outstanding, actual; 2,604,042 shares (4) issued and outstanding (excluding 9,591,080 shares subject to possible conversion or tender), as adjusted 252 260 Additional paid-in capital 24,748 5,001,491 Deficit accumulated during the development stage (1,750 ) (1,750 ) Total stockholders’ equity: $ 23,250 $ 5,000,001 Total capitalization $ 123,250 $ 100,671,024 (1) Includes the $3,750,000 we will receive from the sale of the sponsors’ warrants. Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised. Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised. (2) Notes payable to affiliates are promissory notes issued in the aggregate amount of $100,000 to Laurence S. Levy and Edward Levy. The notes are non-interest bearing and are payable on the consummation of this offering. (3) Upon the consummation of our initial business combination, we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to convert or tender their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), including interest less franchise and income taxes payable, subject to the limitations described herein whereby our net tangible assets will be maintained at a minimum of $5,000,001 and any limitations (including, but not limited to, cash requirements) created by the terms of the proposed business combination. (4) Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and an aggregate of 329,269 founders’ shares have been forfeited by our sponsors as a result thereof (but does not reflect the forfeiture of any founder earnout shares). 50 TABLE OF CONTENTS MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS We were formed on February 24, 2011 for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more target businesses. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region, although we intend to focus on companies in the United States operating in various industries including infrastructure, logistics and distribution and manufacturing. We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of this offering and the private placement of the sponsors’ warrants, our securities, debt or a combination of cash, securities and debt, in effecting our initial business combination. The issuance of additional shares of common stock or preferred stock in our initial business combination: • may significantly dilute the equity interest of our investors in this offering who would not have pre-emption rights in respect of any such issuance; • may subordinate the rights of holders of shares of common stock if we issue shares of preferred stock with rights senior to those afforded to our shares of common stock; • will likely cause a change in control if a substantial number of our shares of common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and most likely will also result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and • may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our securities. Similarly, if we issue debt securities, it could result in: • default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after our initial business combination are insufficient to pay our debt obligations; • acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we have made all principal and interest payments when due if the debt security contains covenants that required the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves and we breach any such covenant without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; • our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; and • our inability to obtain additional financing, if necessary, if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain additional financing while such security is outstanding. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our entire activity since inception has been to prepare for our proposed fundraising through an offering of our equity securities. As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, at April 28, 2011, we had $87,016 in cash and cash equivalents and a working capital deficiency of $12,984. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. Management’s plans to address this uncertainty through this offering are discussed above. Our plans to raise capital or to consummate our initial business combination may not be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Liquidity and Capital Resources Our liquidity needs have been satisfied to date through receipt of $25,000 from the sale of the founders’ shares, and loans from Laurence S. Levy and Edward Levy in an aggregate amount of $100,000 that is more fully described below. We estimate that the net proceeds from 51 TABLE OF CONTENTS (1) the sale of the units in this offering, after deducting offering expenses of approximately $500,000 and underwriting discounts and commissions of $2,500,000 (or $2,875,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) and (2) the sale of the sponsors’ warrants for a purchase price of $3,750,000, will be $100,750,000 (or $115,375,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full). $99,750,000 (or $114,375,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be held in the trust account, which includes the deferred commissions. The remaining $1,000,000 will not be held in the trust account. We intend to use substantially all of the net proceeds of this offering, including the funds held in the trust account, to acquire a target business and to pay our expenses relating thereto. To the extent that our capital stock is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account as well as any other net proceeds not expended will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business’ operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products. Such funds could also be used to repay any operating expenses or finders’ fees which we had incurred prior to the completion of our initial business combination if the funds available to us outside of the trust account were insufficient to cover such expenses. We believe that, upon consummation of this offering, the $1,000,000 of net proceeds not held in the trust account plus interest earned on the trust account balance (net of income and other tax obligations) that may be released to us to fund our working capital requirements, will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 24 months, assuming that a business combination is not consummated during that time. Over this time period, we will be using these funds for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the business combination. We anticipate that we will incur approximately: • $300,000 of expenses for the search for target businesses and for the legal, accounting and other third-party expenses attendant to the due diligence investigations, structuring and negotiating of our initial business combination; • $200,000 of expenses for the due diligence and investigation of a target business by our officers, directors and sponsors; • $110,000 of expenses in legal and accounting fees relating to our SEC reporting obligations; • $240,000 for the payment of the administrative fee to ProChannel Management LLC (of $10,000 per month for up to 24 months); and • $650,000 for general working capital that will be used for miscellaneous expenses, liquidation obligations and reserves, including director and officer liability insurance premiums. We may also purchase up to 50% of the shares sold in this offering using funds held in the trust account as described elsewhere in this prospectus. If our estimates of the costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating our initial business combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, or the amount of interest available to us from the trust account is less than we expect as a result of the current interest rate environment, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to consummate our initial business combination or because we become obligated to 52 TABLE OF CONTENTS redeem a significant number of our public shares upon consummation of our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only consummate such financing simultaneously with the consummation of our initial business combination. In the current economic environment, it has become especially difficult to obtain acquisition financing. Following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. Related Party Transactions As of the date of this prospectus, Laurence S. Levy and Edward Levy have loaned an aggregate of $100,000 to us, on a non-interest bearing basis, for payment of offering expenses on our behalf. The loans are payable without interest on the earlier of (i) April 27, 2012, (ii) the date on which we consummate our initial public offering or (iii) the date on which we determine to not proceed with our initial public offering. The loans will be repaid out of the proceeds of this offering not being placed in the trust account. We are obligated, commencing on the date of this prospectus, to pay ProChannel Management LLC, an affiliate of Laurence Levy, a monthly fee of $10,000 for general and administrative services. Our sponsors have committed that they and/or their designees will purchase an aggregate of 5,000,000 warrants at $0.75 per warrant (for a total purchase price of $3,750,000) from us. These purchases will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. We believe the purchase price of the sponsors’ warrants is greater than the fair value of such warrants. We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds following this offering in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsors, officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we consummate our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to $500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of $0.75 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the sponsors’ warrants. Controls and Procedures We are not currently required to maintain an effective system of internal controls as defined by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We will be required to comply with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2011. As of the date of this prospectus, we have not completed an assessment, nor have our auditors tested our systems, of internal controls. We expect to assess the internal controls of our target business or businesses prior to the completion of our initial business combination and, if necessary, to implement and test additional controls as we may determine are necessary in order to state that we maintain an effective system of internal controls. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding the adequacy of internal controls. Target businesses we may consider for our initial business combination may have internal controls that need improvement in areas such as: • staffing for financial, accounting and external reporting areas, including segregation of duties; • reconciliation of accounts; • proper recording of expenses and liabilities in the period to which they relate; • evidence of internal review and approval of accounting transactions; 53 TABLE OF CONTENTS • documentation of processes, assumptions and conclusions underlying significant estimates; and • documentation of accounting policies and procedures. Because it will take time, management involvement and perhaps outside resources to determine what internal control improvements are necessary for us to meet regulatory requirements and market expectations for our operation of a target business, we may incur significant expense in meeting our public reporting responsibilities, particularly in the areas of designing, enhancing, or remediating internal and disclosure controls. Doing so effectively may also take longer than we expect, thus increasing our exposure to financial fraud or erroneous financing reporting. Once our management’s report on internal controls is complete, we will retain our independent auditors to audit and render an opinion on such report when required by Section 404. The independent auditors may identify additional issues concerning a target business’s internal controls while performing their audit of internal control over financial reporting. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk The net proceeds of this offering, including amounts in the trust account, will be invested in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 having a maturity of 180 days or less, or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and that invest solely in U.S. “government securities” with a maturity of 180 days or less. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements; Commitments and Contractual Obligations; Quarterly Results As of the date of this prospectus, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations. No unaudited quarterly operating data is included in this prospectus as we have conducted no operations to date. 54 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROPOSED BUSINESS Introduction We are a Delaware blank check company incorporated on February 24, 2011 formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more target businesses. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region, although we intend to focus on companies in the United States operating in various industries including infrastructure, logistics and distribution and manufacturing. We will seek to capitalize on the total of over 30 years of private equity and venture capital investing experience, including the prior blank check company experience described below, and significant contacts of our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Laurence S. Levy, and our Vice Chairman and President, Edward Levy. We believe that potential sellers of target businesses will view the fact that our management team has successfully closed two business combinations with vehicles similar to our company as a positive factor in considering whether or not to enter into a business combination with us. However, we may not complete a business combination as successful as Mr. Laurence Levy and Mr. Edward Levy’s prior blank check companies, or at all. In November 2004, Rand Acquisition Corporation, a blank check company founded by Laurence S. Levy, our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, consummated its initial public offering, raising $27,600,000. In March 2006, Rand Acquisition completed the acquisition of Lower Lakes and Grand River and changed its name to Rand Logistics Inc. (Nasdaq: RLOG). Lower Lakes and Grand River operate Canadian flagged and U.S. flagged vessels, respectively, transporting bulk commodities under long term contract on the Great Lakes. Since the acquisition of Lower Lakes and Grand River, consolidated EBITDA has increased by about seven times from approximately $5,000,000 to a forecasted $35,000,000 for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2012. This has been achieved through a combination of organic growth and several acquisitions. In addition, Lower Lakes and Grand River have invested over $60,000,000 to reduce costs and extend the life of the fleet. Laurence Levy served as Rand Acquisition’s Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer from its inception until its acquisition of Lower Lakes and Grand River and has served as Rand Logistics’ Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer since such time. Edward Levy, our Vice Chairman of the Board and President, has served as Rand Logistics’ President since June 2006. In March 2007, Hyde Park Acquisition Corporation, a blank check company founded by Laurence Levy and Edward Levy, consummated its initial public offering, raising $103,500,000. In October 2008, Hyde Park acquired Essex Crane Rental Corp. At the time of the acquisition, Hyde Park changed its name to Essex Rental Corp. (Nasdaq: ESSX). Essex is a leading owner of crawler cranes which are rented out on long-term lease, most often for large infrastructure projects. In November, 2010, Essex acquired the assets of Coast out of bankruptcy. Coast is a leading provider of lifting solutions, including rough terrain cranes, tower cranes, self erecting cranes and boom trucks in the western United States, Alaska and Hawaii. As a result of this strategic acquisition, Essex has materially broadened its product offerings and now has three primary lines of business, including a broad product portfolio of rental equipment for heavy lift industrial applications, a highly predictable and counter cyclical parts and service business and a new equipment sales and distribution segment, representing a variety of different manufacturers throughout the West Coast. Laurence Levy served as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Hyde Park from its inception until its acquisition of Essex Crane and has served as Essex’s Chairman of the Board since such time. Edward Levy served as President and a member of the Board of Hyde Park from its inception until its acquisition of Essex Crane and has served as Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors since Essex’s acquisition of Essex Crane. 55 TABLE OF CONTENTS Business Strategy Our strategy is to invest in a business with barriers to competitive entry, a sustainable competitive advantage, a motivated and capable management team and attractive free cash returns on invested capital. Post acquisition, we intend to add value by working with management to achieve operational excellence, make prudent capital allocation decisions and consummate accretive acquisitions. We hope to create value by building the business rather than relying on financial leverage or asset trading to generate a return on invested capital. Competitive Strengths We believe our competitive strengths to be the following: Status as a public company We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for shares of our stock or for a combination of shares of our stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses might find this method a more certain and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, roadshow and public reporting efforts that will likely not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. Furthermore, once the business combination is consummated, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters’ ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, that could prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders’ interests than it would have as a privately-held company. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company’s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. While we believe that our status as a public company will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view the inherent limitations in our status as a blank check company as a deterrent and may prefer to effect a business combination with a more established entity or with a private company. Financial position With funds available for our initial business combination initially in the amount of approximately $99,800,000 (or approximately $114,400,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), we offer a target business a variety of options such as providing the owners of a target business with shares in a public company and a public means to sell such shares, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to consummate our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, since we have no specific business combination under consideration, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and it may not be available to us. 56 TABLE OF CONTENTS Effecting Our Initial Business Combination General We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any substantive commercial business for an indefinite period of time following this offering. We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of this offering and the private placement of sponsors’ warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of these in effecting our initial business combination. Although substantially all of the net proceeds of this offering and the private placement of sponsors’ warrants are intended to be applied generally toward effecting a business combination as described in this prospectus, the proceeds are not otherwise being designated for any more specific purposes. Accordingly, investors in this offering are investing without first having an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any one or more business combinations. Our initial business combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, a company which does not need substantial additional capital but which desires to establish a public trading market for its shares, while avoiding what it may deem to be adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself. These include time delays, significant expense, loss of voting control and compliance with various Federal and state securities laws. In the alternative, we may seek to consummate a business combination with a company that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth. While we may seek to effect simultaneous business combinations with more than one target business, we will probably have the ability, as a result of our limited resources, to effect only a single business combination. We Have Not Identified a Target Business To date, we have not selected any target business on which to concentrate our search for our initial business combination. None of our officers, directors, promoters and other affiliates has engaged in discussions on our behalf with representatives of other companies regarding the possibility of a potential merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition or other similar business combination with us, nor have we, nor any of our agents or affiliates, been approached by any candidates (or representatives of any candidates) with respect to a possible business combination with our company. Additionally, we have not contacted any of the prospective target businesses that Essex or Rand Logistics, the only other blank check companies that our principals have been involved with, had considered and rejected while such entities were blank check companies searching for target businesses to acquire. We do not currently intend to contact any of such targets; however, we may do so in the future if we become aware that the valuations, operations, profits or prospects of such target business, or the benefits of any potential transaction with such target business, would be attractive. Additionally, we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, taken any measure, directly or indirectly, to identify or locate any suitable acquisition candidate, nor have we engaged or retained any agent or other representative to identify or locate such an acquisition candidate. We have also not conducted any research with respect to identifying the number and characteristics of the potential acquisition candidates. As a result, we may not be able to locate a target business, and we may not be able to engage in a business combination with a target business on favorable terms or at all. We will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate. We have not established any other specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses. Accordingly, there is no basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete a business combination. To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a financially unstable company or an entity in its early stage of development or growth, including entities without established records of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business and operations of financially unstable and early stage or potential emerging growth companies. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 57 TABLE OF CONTENTS Sources of Target Businesses While we have not yet identified any acquisition candidates, we believe based on our management’s business knowledge and past experience that there are numerous acquisition candidates. We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers, venture capital funds, private equity funds, leveraged buyout funds, management buyout funds and other members of the financial community. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read this prospectus and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm’s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. In no event, however, will any of our sponsors or members of our management team or special advisors or our or their respective affiliates be paid any finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is) other than the repayment of the $100,000 loan from an affiliate of our chief executive officer and reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses. We have no present intention to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors or sponsors including (1) an entity that is either a portfolio company of, or has otherwise received a material financial investment from, any private equity fund or investment company (or an affiliate thereof) that is affiliated with any of the foregoing, (2) an entity in which any of the foregoing or their affiliates are currently passive investors, (3) an entity in which any of the foregoing or their affiliates are currently officers or directors, or (4) an entity in which any of the foregoing or their affiliates are currently invested through an investment vehicle controlled by them. However, we are not restricted from entering into any such transactions and may do so if (1) such transaction is approved by a majority of our disinterested independent directors and (2) we obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view. Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination Our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective target business. Except for the general criteria and guidelines set forth above under the caption “ Business Strategy ,” we have not established any specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses. In evaluating a prospective target business, our management may consider a variety of factors, including one or more of the following: • financial condition and results of operation; • growth potential; • brand recognition and potential; • experience and skill of management and availability of additional personnel; • capital requirements; • competitive position; • barriers to entry; 58 TABLE OF CONTENTS • stage of development of the products, processes or services; • existing distribution and potential for expansion; • degree of current or potential market acceptance of the products, processes or services; • proprietary aspects of products and the extent of intellectual property or other protection for products or formulas; • impact of regulation on the business; • regulatory environment of the industry; • costs associated with effecting the business combination; • industry leadership, sustainability of market share and attractiveness of market industries in which a target business participates; and • macro competitive dynamics in the industry within which the company competes. These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular business combination will be based, to the extent relevant, on the above factors as well as other considerations deemed relevant by our management in effecting a business combination consistent with our business objective. In evaluating a prospective target business, we will conduct an extensive due diligence review which will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and inspection of facilities, as well as review of financial and other information which is made available to us. This due diligence review will be conducted either by our management or by unaffiliated third parties we may engage, although we have no current intention to engage any such third parties. The time and costs required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination remain to be determined. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which a business combination is not ultimately completed will result in a loss to us and reduce the amount of capital available to otherwise complete a business combination. Lack of Business Diversification We may seek to effect a business combination with more than one target business, and there is no required minimum valuation standard for any target at the time of such acquisition. We expect to complete only a single business combination, although this process may entail the simultaneous acquisitions of several operating businesses. Therefore, at least initially, the prospects for our success may be entirely dependent upon the future performance of a single business operation. Unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations of entities operating in multiple industries or multiple areas of a single industry, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. By consummating our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: • subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination, and • result in our dependency upon the performance of a single operating business or the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other acquisitions, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete the business combination. With multiple acquisitions, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs 59 TABLE OF CONTENTS with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target Business’ Management Team Although we intend to scrutinize the management team of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination, our assessment of the target business’ management team may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management team may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of our officers and directors, if any, in the target business following our initial business combination remains to be determined. While it is possible that some of our key personnel will remain associated in senior management or advisory positions with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that they will devote their full time efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, they would only be able to remain with the company after the consummation of our initial business combination if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for them to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination. While the personal and financial interests of our key personnel may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, their ability to remain with the company after the consummation of our initial business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. Additionally, our officers and directors may not have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. Following our initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We may not have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that any such additional managers we do recruit will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Business Combination In connection with any proposed business combination, we will either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately $9.98 per share, or approximately $9.95 per share if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full. Unlike other blank check companies which require stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and related conversions of public shares for cash upon consummation of such initial business combination even when a vote is not required by law, we will have the flexibility to avoid such stockholder vote and allow our stockholders to sell their shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act which regulate issuer tender offers. In that case, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. 60 TABLE OF CONTENTS We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, solely if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. Our sponsors and our officers and directors have agreed (1) to vote any shares owned by it in favor of any proposed business combination and (2) not to convert any shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination or sell any shares to us pursuant to any tender offer described above. Voting Restrictions in Connection with Stockholder Meeting If we seek stockholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, no public stockholder, whether acting singly or with any affiliate or other person acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), will be permitted, without our prior consent, to exercise voting rights on any proposal submitted for consideration at a meeting relating to a proposed business combination with respect to more than 10% of the shares sold in this offering. Accordingly, all shares sold in this offering beneficially owned (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) by a public stockholder (or stockholders if they are acting in concert or as a group) in excess of 10% shall be voted by our management in favor of all proposals submitted for consideration at such meeting and will not be converted to cash. We believe this restriction will prevent a single stockholder or “group” from obstructing all stockholders’ ability to consider and vote upon a transaction by accumulating large blocks of shares before the vote held to approve a proposed business combination and attempt to force us to purchase its shares at a significant premium to the then current market price or provide it with some other form of inducement in exchange for its agreement to vote in favor of the proposed business combination. By limiting a stockholder’s ability to vote with respect to no more than 10% of the shares sold in this offering, we believe we have limited the ability of a small group of stockholders to block a transaction which is favored by our other public stockholders. In connection with any vote for a proposed business combination, our sponsors, as well as all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote the shares of common stock owned by them immediately before this offering as well as any shares of common stock acquired in this offering or in the aftermarket in favor of such proposed business combination. None of our officers, directors, sponsors or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units in this offering or any units or shares of common stock from persons in the open market or in private transactions. However, if we hold a meeting to approve a proposed business combination and a significant number of stockholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against such proposed business combination, our officers, directors, sponsors or their affiliates could make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions in order to influence the vote. If holders of shares sold in this offering indicate an intention to vote against a proposed business combination and/or seek conversion of their shares into cash, we may negotiate arrangements to provide for the purchase of such shares at the closing of the business combination using funds held in the trust account. The purpose of such arrangements would be to increase the likelihood of satisfaction of the requirements that the holders of a majority of our shares of common stock outstanding vote in favor of a proposed business combination and that we have at least $5,000,001 of net tangible assets upon consummation of such business combination where it appears that such requirements would otherwise not be met. All shares purchased by us or our affiliates pursuant to such arrangements would be voted in favor of the proposed business combination. No such arrangements currently exist. 61 TABLE OF CONTENTS Conversion Rights If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose, public stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable). Alternatively, we may provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares of our common stock to us through a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable). Notwithstanding the foregoing, a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of his or any other person with whom he is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) will be restricted from seeking conversion rights with respect to 10% or more of the shares of common stock sold in this offering. Such a public stockholder would still be entitled to vote against a proposed business combination with respect to all shares of common stock owned by him or his affiliates. We believe this restriction will prevent stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares before the vote held to approve a proposed business combination and attempt to use the conversion right as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then current market price. By limiting a stockholder’s ability to convert no more than 10% of the shares of common stock sold in this offering, we believe we have limited the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block a transaction which is favored by our other public stockholders. Our sponsors will not have conversion or tender rights with respect to any shares of common stock owned by them, directly or indirectly, whether acquired prior to this offering or purchased by them in this offering or in the aftermarket. We may also require public stockholders, whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent at any time through the vote on the business combination or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced delivery process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker $45.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders to exercise conversion rights. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising conversion rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However, in the event we require stockholders to exercise conversion rights prior to the consummation of the proposed business combination and the proposed business combination is not consummated, this may result in an increased cost to stockholders. The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. Traditionally, in order to perfect conversion rights in connection with a blank check company’s business combination, the company would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders’ vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his conversion rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him to deliver his certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an “option window” after the consummation of the business combination during which he could monitor the price of the company’s stock in the market. If the price rose above the conversion price, he could sell his shares in the open market before actually delivering his shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the conversion rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become a “continuing” right surviving past the consummation of the business 62 TABLE OF CONTENTS combination until the holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a holder’s election to convert his shares is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. Any request to convert such shares once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share of common stock delivered his certificate in connection with an election of their conversion and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, he may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). If the initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their conversion rights would not be entitled to convert their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any shares delivered by public holders. Permitted Purchases of our Securities Prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, there can be released to us from the trust account amounts necessary to purchase up to 50% of the shares sold in this offering (5,000,000 shares, or 5,750,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) at any time commencing 60 days after the date of this prospectus and ending on the date we announce our initial business combination or, if we elect to seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, on the record date for the vote to approve our initial business combination. Purchases will be made only in open market transactions at times when we are not in possession of any material non-public information. It is intended that purchases will comply with the technical requirements of Rule 10b-18 (including timing, pricing and volume of purchases) under the Exchange Act (although the purchases will not actually be effectuated under Rule 10b-18) at prices (inclusive of commissions) not to exceed the per-share amount then held in the trust account (initially approximately $9.98 share, or approximately $9.95 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full). We can purchase any or all of the 5,000,000 shares (or 5,750,000 shares if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) we are entitled to purchase. It will be entirely in our discretion as to how many shares are purchased, when purchases are made and at what prices (provided the price does not to exceed the per-share amount then held in the trust account). Purchasing decisions will be made based on various factors, including the then current market price of our common stock and the terms of the proposed business combination. All shares purchased by us will be immediately cancelled. These purchases, if we decide to undertake them, would provide a readily available market for a public stockholder wishing to sell his shares prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. At the same time, by agreeing to pay no more than the per-share amount then held in the trust account for such shares, the resulting per-share conversion or liquidation price for all of our other public stockholders increases (or at worst, remains constant) because we may have paid less to the selling stockholder than we would have had to pay had such stockholder sought conversion or sold his shares to us in a tender offer. The foregoing may have the effect of making it easier for us to complete our initial business combination because there may be fewer shares outstanding held by stockholders that might have had the intention of voting against any proposed business combination or seeking to sell shares back to us in a tender offer following such purchases. However, if we made such purchases, we would have less cash immediately available to us to complete a proposed business combination and therefore may be required to obtain third-party financing. Liquidation if No Business Combination Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will continue in existence only until 24 months from the date of this prospectus. If we have not completed our initial business combination by such date, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days 63 TABLE OF CONTENTS thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest but net of franchise and income taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of 100% of our outstanding public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the date of this prospectus may be considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the Delaware General Corporation Law intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder’s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of 100% of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the date of this prospectus is not considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidation distribution. If we are unable to complete a business combination within the prescribed time frame, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest but net of franchise and income taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following our 24th month and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. Because we will not be complying with Section 280 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, Section 281(b) of the Delaware General Corporation Law requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our 64 TABLE OF CONTENTS operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. We are required to have all third parties (including any vendors or other entities we engage after this offering) and any prospective target businesses enter into valid and enforceable agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result, the claims that could be made against us will be limited, thereby lessening the likelihood that any claim would result in any liability extending to the trust. We therefore believe that any necessary provision for creditors will be reduced and should not have a significant impact on our ability to distribute the funds in the trust account to our public stockholders. Nevertheless, there is no guarantee that vendors, service providers and prospective target businesses will execute such agreements. Nor is there any guarantee that, even if they execute such agreements with us, they will not seek recourse against the trust account. Our officers have agreed that they will be jointly and severally liable to pay debts and obligations to target businesses or vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us. However, they may not be able to satisfy their indemnification obligations if they are required to so. Additionally this agreement entered into by our officers specifically provides for two exceptions to the personal indemnity they have given: they will have no personal liability (1) as to any claimed amounts owed to a target business or vendor or other entity who has executed a valid and enforceable agreement with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account, or (2) as to any claims under our indemnity with the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. As a result, if we liquidate, the per-share distribution from the trust account could be less than $9.98 (or $9.95 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) due to claims or potential claims of creditors. We will distribute to all of our public stockholders, in proportion to their respective equity interests, an aggregate sum equal to the amount in the trust account, inclusive of any interest, plus any remaining net assets (subject to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors as described below). We anticipate notifying the trustee of the trust account to begin liquidating such assets promptly after such date and anticipate it will take no more than 10 business days to effectuate such distribution. Our sponsors have waived their rights to participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to their founders’ shares. There will be no distribution from the trust account with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless. We will pay the costs of any subsequent liquidation from our remaining assets outside of the trust account and from the interest income on the balance of the trust account (net income and other tax obligations) that will be released to us to fund our working capital requirements. If such funds are insufficient, our officers have agreed to pay the funds necessary to complete such liquidation (currently anticipated to be no more than approximately $15,000) and have agreed not to seek repayment of such expenses. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination and expend all of the net proceeds of this offering, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the initial per-share redemption price would be $9.98 (or $9.95 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full). The per share redemption price includes the deferred commissions that would also be distributable to our public stockholders. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to claims of our creditors that are in preference to the claims of public stockholders. Our public stockholders shall be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only in the event of our failure to complete our initial business combination in the required time period, if the stockholders sell their shares to us prior to the consummation of our initial business combination or if the stockholders seek to have us convert or purchase their respective shares 65 TABLE OF CONTENTS upon a business combination which is actually completed by us. In no other circumstances shall a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. If we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we may not be able to return to our public stockholders at least $9.98 per share (or $9.95 per share if the over-allotment option is exercised in full). If we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, because we intend to distribute the proceeds held in the trust account to our public stockholders promptly after 24 months from the date of this prospectus, this may be viewed or interpreted as giving preference to our public stockholders over any potential creditors with respect to access to or distributions from our assets. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. Claims may be brought against us for these reasons. Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to this offering that will apply to us until the consummation of our initial business combination. If we seek to amend any provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation relating to stockholder’s rights or pre-business combination activity, we will provide dissenting public stockholders with the opportunity to convert their public shares in connection with any such vote. Our sponsors have agreed to waive any conversion rights with respect to any founders’ shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that: • prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we shall either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein; • we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, solely if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination; • if our initial business combination is not consummated within 24 months of the date of this prospectus, then our existence will terminate and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account and any net assets remaining outside the trust account on a pro rata basis to all of our public stockholders; 66 TABLE OF CONTENTS • upon the consummation of this offering, $99,750,000, or $114,375,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full, shall be placed into the trust account; • we may not consummate any other business combination, merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar transaction prior to our initial business combination; and • prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional stock that participates in any manner in the proceeds of the trust account, or that votes as a class with the common stock sold in this offering on our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of 65% of our stockholders. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we may consummate our initial business combination only if approved by a majority of the shares of common stock voted by our stockholders at a duly held stockholders meeting. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than us and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there may be numerous potential target businesses that we could acquire with the net proceeds of this offering, our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses may be limited by our available financial resources. The following also may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses: • our obligation to seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination or enter into a tender offer may delay the completion of a transaction; • our obligation to convert or repurchase shares of common stock held by our public stockholders may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination; and • our outstanding warrants, and the potential future dilution they represent. Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial business combination. Our management believes, however, that our status as a public entity and potential access to the United States public equity markets may give us a competitive advantage over privately-held entities having a similar business objective as ours in acquiring a target business with significant growth potential on favorable terms. If we succeed in effecting our initial business combination, there will be, in all likelihood, intense competition from competitors of the target business. Subsequent to our initial business combination, we may not have the resources or ability to compete effectively. Facilities We currently maintain our principal executive offices at 500 Fifth Avenue, 50 th floor, New York, NY 10110. The cost for this space is included in the $10,000 per-month fee ProChannel Management, LLC. will charge us for general and administrative services commencing on the effective date of this prospectus pursuant to a letter agreement between us and ProChannel Management LLC. We believe, based on rents and fees for similar services in New York, that the fee charged by ProChannel Management LLC is at least as favorable as we could have obtained from an unaffiliated person. We consider our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. 67 TABLE OF CONTENTS Employees We have two executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and intend to devote only as much time as they deem necessary to our affairs. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for the business combination and the stage of the business combination process the company is in. Accordingly, once a suitable target business to acquire has been located, management will spend more time investigating such target business and negotiating and processing the business combination (and consequently spend more time on our affairs) than had been spent prior to locating a suitable target business. We presently expect our executive officers to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believes is necessary to our business. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. Periodic Reporting and Audited Financial Statements We have registered our units, common stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual report will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. We will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of any proxy solicitation or tender offer materials sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with or reconciled to United States GAAP or IFRS. A particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate may not have the necessary financial statements. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. We may be required to have our internal control procedures audited for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2012 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Legal Proceedings There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such, and we and the members of our management team have not been subject to any such proceeding in the 12 months preceding the date of this prospectus. 68 TABLE OF CONTENTS Comparison to Offerings of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419 The following table compares and contrasts the terms of our offering and the terms of an offering of blank check companies under Rule 419 promulgated by the SEC assuming that the gross proceeds, underwriting discounts and underwriting expenses for the Rule 419 offering are the same as this offering and that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option. None of the terms of a Rule 419 offering will apply to this offering because we will have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,001 upon the successful consummation of this offering and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact. Terms of the Offering Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering Escrow of offering proceeds $99,750,000 of the net offering proceeds and proceeds from the sale of the sponsors’ warrants will be deposited into a trust account at _______, maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as trustee. $87,750,000 of the offering proceeds would be required to be deposited into either an escrow account with an insured depositary institution or in a separate bank account established by a broker-dealer in which the broker-dealer acts as trustee for persons having the beneficial interests in the account. Investment of net proceeds The $99,750,000 of net offering proceeds and proceeds from the sale of the sponsors’ warrants held in the trust account will only be invested in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and that invest solely in U.S. “government securities” with a maturity of 180 days or less. Proceeds could be invested only in specified securities such as a money market fund meeting conditions of the Investment Company Act of 1940 or in securities that are direct obligations of, or obligations guaranteed as to principal or interest by, the United States. Limitation on fair value or net assets of target business We are not required to set a minimum valuation on either the fair market value or net assets of a target business We would be restricted from acquiring a target business unless the fair value of such business or net assets to be acquired represent at least 80% of the maximum offering proceeds. 69 TABLE OF CONTENTS Terms of the Offering Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering Trading of securities issued The units may commence trading on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. The shares of common stock and warrants comprising the units will begin to trade separately on the 45 th day after the date of this prospectus unless Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, provided we have filed with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K, which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the proceeds of this offering, including any proceeds we receive from the exercise of the over-allotment option, if such option is exercised on the date of this prospectus. If the over-allotment option is exercised after the date of this prospectus, we will file an amendment to the Form 8-K to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise and consummation of the over-allotment option. We will also include in this Form 8-K, an amendment thereto, or in a subsequent Form 8-K, information indicating if Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. has allowed separate trading of the shares of common stock and warrants prior to the 45th day after the date of this prospectus. No trading of the units or the underlying shares of common stock and warrants would be permitted until the completion of our initial business combination. During this period, the securities would be held in the escrow or trust account. 70 TABLE OF CONTENTS Terms of the Offering Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering Exercise of the warrants The warrants cannot be exercised until the later of 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination or 12 months from the closing of this offering and, accordingly, will be exercised only after the trust account has been terminated and distributed. The warrants could be exercised prior to the completion of our initial business combination, but securities received and cash paid in connection with the exercise would be deposited in the escrow or trust account. Election to remain an investor We will either (1) give our stockholders the opportunity to vote on the business combination or (2) provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares of our common stock to us in a tender offer for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, less taxes. If we hold a meeting to approve a proposed business combination, we will send each stockholder a proxy statement containing information required by the SEC. Alternatively, if we do not hold a meeting and instead conduct a tender offer, we will conduct such tender offer in accordance with the tender offer rules of the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as we would have included in a proxy statement. A prospectus containing information required by the SEC would be sent to each investor. Each investor would be given the opportunity to notify the company, in writing, within a period of no less than 20 business days and no more than 45 business days from the effective date of the post-effective amendment, to decide whether he or she elects to remain a stockholder of the company or require the return of his or her investment. If the company has not received the notification by the end of the 45 th business day, funds and interest or dividends, if any, held in the trust or escrow account would automatically be returned to the stockholder. Unless a sufficient number of investors elect to remain investors, all of the deposited funds in the escrow account must be returned to all investors and none of the securities will be issued. 71 TABLE OF CONTENTS Terms of the Offering Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering Business combination deadline Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the date of this prospectus, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest but net of franchise and income taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. If an acquisition has not been consummated within 18 months after the effective date of the initial registration statement, funds held in the trust or escrow account would be returned to investors. Interest earned on the funds in the trust account There can be released to us, from time to time, any interest earned on the funds in the trust account (1) that we may need to pay our tax obligations and (2) any remaining interest that we need for our working capital requirements. All interest earned on the funds in the trust account will be held in the trust account for the benefit of public stockholders until the earlier of the completion of our initial business combination and our liquidation upon failure to effect our initial business combination within the allotted time. 72 TABLE OF CONTENTS Terms of the Offering Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering Release of funds Except for (1) amounts necessary to purchase up to 50% of the shares sold in this offering, (2) any amounts that we may need to pay our tax obligations and (3) any remaining interest that we may need for our working capital requirements that may be released to us from the interest earned on the trust account balance, the proceeds held in the trust account will not be released until the earlier of the completion of our initial business combination and our liquidation upon failure to effect our initial business combination within the allotted time. The proceeds held in the escrow account would not be released until the earlier of the completion of our initial business combination or the failure to effect our initial business combination within the allotted time. 73 TABLE OF CONTENTS MANAGEMENT Directors and Executive Officers Our current directors and executive officers are as follows: Name Age Position Laurence S. Levy 54 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Edward Levy 47 Vice Chairman of the Board and President Laurence S. Levy has served as our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer since our inception. From its inception in August 2006 until its acquisition of Essex Crane Rental Corp. in October 2008, Mr. Levy served as the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Hyde Park Acquisition Corp. Since October 2008, Mr. Levy has served as Chairman of the Board of Essex Rental Corp. (formerly Hyde Park Acquisition Corp.). From its inception in June 2004 until its acquisition of Lower Lakes Towing Ltd. and Grand River Navigation Company Inc. in March 2006, Mr. Levy served as the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Rand Acquisition Corp. Since March 2006, Mr. Levy has served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Rand Logistics (formerly Rand Acquisition Corp.). Rand Logistics provides bulk freight shipping services throughout the Great Lakes region. Mr. Levy founded the predecessor to Hyde Park Holdings, LLC in July 1986 and has since served as its chairman. Hyde Park Holdings, LLC is an investor in middle market businesses. Mr. Levy serves as an officer or director of several companies in which Hyde Park Holdings, LLC or its affiliates invests. Presently, these companies include: Ozburn-Hessey Logistics LLC, a national logistics services company, of which Mr. Levy is a director; Derby Industries LLC, a sub-assembly business to the appliance, food and transportation industries, of which Mr. Levy is chairman; PFI Resource Management LP, an investor in the Private Funding Initiative program in the United Kingdom, of which Mr. Levy is general partner; Regency Affiliates, Inc., a diversified public company, of which Mr. Levy is chairman, chief executive officer and president; and Warehouse Associates L.P., a provider of warehouse and logistics services, of which Mr. Levy is chairman. Mr. Levy is a director of Sunbelt Holdings, Inc., a leading distributor of wine and spirits. Mr. Levy received a Bachelor of Commerce degree and a Bachelor of Accountancy degree from the University of Witwatersrand in Johannesburg, South Africa and an M.B.A. from Harvard University, where he graduated as a Baker Scholar. He is a Chartered Accountant (South Africa). Mr. Levy is not related to Edward Levy. We believe Mr. Levy is well-qualified to serve as a member of the board due to his public company experience, business leadership, operational experience, and experience in prior blank check offerings, such as Essex Rental and Rand Logistics. Edward Levy has served as our Vice Chairman of the Board and President since our inception. From its inception in August 2006 until its acquisition of Essex Crane Rental Corp. in October 2008, Mr. Levy served as President and a member of the Board of Hyde Park Acquisition Corp. Since October 2008, Mr. Levy has served as Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors of Essex Rental Corp. (formerly Hyde Park Acquisition Corp.) From its inception in June 2004 until its acquisition of Lower Lakes Towing Ltd. and Grand River Navigation Company Inc. in March 2006, Mr. Levy acted as special advisor to Rand Acquisition Corp. Since March 2006, Mr. Levy has served as President of Rand Logistics (formerly Rand Acquisition Corp.). Rand Logistics provides bulk freight shipping services throughout the Great Lakes region. Mr. Levy was a managing director of CIBC World Markets Corp. from August 1995 through December 2004, and was co-head of CIBC World Markets Corp.’s Leveraged Finance Group from June 2001 until December 2004. From February 1990 to August 1995, Mr. Levy was a managing director of Argosy Group L.P., a private investment banking firm. Mr. Levy is currently a director of Derby Industries. From July 1999 until March 2005, he was also a director of Booth Creek Ski Holdings, Inc., a reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that owns and operates six ski resort complexes encompassing nine separate resorts. Mr. Levy is also a 74 TABLE OF CONTENTS member of the board of directors of a number of privately-held companies. Mr. Levy received a B.A. from Connecticut College. Mr. Levy is not related to Laurence S. Levy. We believe Mr. Levy is well-qualified to serve as a member of the board due to his public company experience, business leadership, operational experience, and experience in prior blank check offerings, such as Essex Rental and Rand Logistics. Our board of directors is divided into two classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class serving a two-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Edward Levy, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Laurence S. Levy, will expire at the second annual meeting. Executive Compensation No executive officer has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date of this prospectus through the acquisition of a target business, we will pay ProChannel Management LLC, an affiliate of Laurence Levy, a fee of $10,000 per month for providing us with office space and certain office and secretarial services. However, this arrangement is solely for our benefit and is not intended to provide Laurence Levy compensation in lieu of a salary. Other than the $10,000 per month administrative fee, no compensation or fees of any kind, including finder’s, consulting fees and other similar fees, will be paid to our sponsors, member of our management team or their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, such individuals will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their operations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report on Form 8-K, as required by the SEC. Director Independence We currently do not have any “independent directors” (as that term is commonly used by the national securities exchanges) and will not have any independent directors until consummation of our initial business combination. Board Committees Our board of directors intends to establish an audit committee, nominating committee and compensation committee upon consummation of our initial business combination. At that time, our board of directors intends to adopt charters for these committees. Prior to such time, we do not intend to establish such committees. Accordingly, there will not be a separate committee comprised of some members of our board of directors with specialized accounting and financial knowledge to meet, analyze and discuss solely financial matters concerning prospective target businesses. We do not believe a compensation committee is necessary prior to our initial business combination as there will be no salary, fees or other compensation being paid to our officers or directors prior to our initial business combination other than as disclosed in this prospectus. 75 TABLE OF CONTENTS Code of Ethics Effective upon consummation of this offering, we will adopt a code of ethics that applies to all of our executive officers, directors and employees. The code of ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. Conflicts of Interest Investors should be aware of the following potential conflicts of interest: • None of our officers and directors is required to commit their full time to our affairs and, accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities. • In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to our company as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our officers and directors may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. • Our officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with entities, including other blank check companies, engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by our company. • Unless we consummate our initial business combination, our officers, directors and sponsors will not receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them to the extent that such expenses exceed the amount of available proceeds not deposited in the trust account and the amount of interest income from the trust account that may be released to us as working capital. • The founders’ shares beneficially owned by our officers and directors will be released from escrow only if our initial business combination is successfully completed, and the sponsors’ warrants purchased by our sponsors, and any warrants which our officers or directors may purchase in the aftermarket will expire worthless if our initial business combination is not consummated. Additionally, our officers and directors will not receive liquidation distributions with respect to any of their founders’ shares. Furthermore, our sponsors have agreed that the sponsors’ warrants will not be sold or transferred by it until after we have completed our initial business combination. For the foregoing reasons, our board may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate to effect our initial business combination with. In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: • the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; • the opportunity is within the corporation’s line of business; and • it would not be fair to the corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. In addition, conflicts of interest may arise when our board evaluates a particular business opportunity with respect to the above-listed criteria. The above mentioned conflicts may not be resolved in our favor. Laurence S. Levy has pre-existing fiduciary obligations to Essex Rental, of which he is chairman of the board, Rand Logistics, of which he is chairman of the board and chief executive officer, Ozburn-Hessey Logistics, of which he is a director, Derby Industries LLC, of which he is chairman, PFI Resource Management LP, of which he is general partner, Regency Affiliates, of 76 TABLE OF CONTENTS which he is chairman, chief executive officer and president, Warehouse Associates L.P., of which he is chairman, and Sunbelt Holdings, of which he is a director. Accordingly, due to his affiliations with such entities, he may have fiduciary obligations to present potential business opportunities to such entities in addition to presenting them to us which could cause additional conflicts of interest. Edward Levy has pre-existing fiduciary obligations to Essex Rental, of which he is a director, Rand Logistics, of which he is president, and Derby Industries, of which he is a director. Accordingly, due to his affiliations with such entities, he may have fiduciary obligations to present potential business opportunities to such entities in addition to presenting them to us which could cause additional conflicts of interest. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our sponsors, as well as all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote any shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. In addition, they have agreed to waive their respective rights to participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to their founders’ shares of common stock. If they purchase shares of common stock as part of this offering or in the open market, however, they would be entitled to participate in any liquidation distribution in respect of such shares but have agreed not to convert or sell such shares to us in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by a majority of our uninterested “independent” directors or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our disinterested “independent” directors determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate our initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors or sponsors including (1) an entity that is either a portfolio company of, or has otherwise received a material financial investment from, any private equity fund or investment company (or an affiliate thereof) that is affiliated with any of the foregoing, (2) an entity in which any of the foregoing or their affiliates are currently passive investors, (3) an entity in which any of the foregoing or their affiliates are currently officers or directors, or (4) an entity in which any of the foregoing or their affiliates are currently invested through an investment vehicle controlled by them, unless we have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA and the approval of a majority of our disinterested independent directors that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view. Furthermore, in no event will any of our sponsors, members of our management team or their respective affiliates be paid any finder’s fee, consulting fee or other similar compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is) other than the $10,000 administrative service fee, repayment of the loans from Laurence Levy and Edward Levy in the aggregate amount of $100,000 and reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our directors and officers will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to 77 TABLE OF CONTENTS us for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from their actions as directors. Our bylaws also will permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit indemnification. We will purchase a policy of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance that insures our directors and officers against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify the directors and officers. These provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced directors and officers. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. 78 TABLE OF CONTENTS PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our shares of common stock as of May 6, 2011 and as adjusted to reflect the sale of our shares of common stock included in the units offered by this prospectus (assuming none of the individuals listed purchase units in this offering), by: • each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock; • each of our officers and directors; and • all of our officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of the 5,000,000 sponsors’ warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this prospectus. Prior to Offering After Offering (2) Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Shares of common stock Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Ordinary Shares Laurence S. Levy 1,166,008 46.2 % 1,013,920 8.3 % Edward Levy 532,547 21.1 % 463,084 3.8 % David M. Knott (3) 671,969 (4) 26.6 % 584,321 (4) 4.8 % All directors and executive officers as a group (two individuals) 1,698,555 67.3 % 1,477,004 12.1 % (1) Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is 500 Fifth Avenue, 50 th floor, New York, NY 10110. (2) Assumes no exercise of the over-allotment option and, therefore, the forfeiture of an aggregate of 329,269 shares of common stock held by our sponsors (but does not reflect the forfeiture of any founder earnout shares). (3) The business address of Mr. Knott is c/o Dorsett Management Corporation, 485 Underhill Boulevard, Suite 205, Syosset, New York 11791. (4) Includes (a) 268,160 shares held by Knott Partners, LP, (b) 152,069 shares held by Knott Partners Offshore Master Fund, L.P., (c) 80,679 shares held by Shoshone Partners, L.P. and (d) 33,221 shares held by Mulsanne Partners, L.P. Mr. Knott controls such entities and therefore exercises voting and dispositive power over the shares held by such entities. Immediately after this offering, our sponsors will beneficially own 18.0% of the then issued and outstanding shares of common stock (assuming it does not purchase any units offered by this prospectus). None of our sponsors, officers and directors has indicated to us that it or he intends to purchase our securities in the offering. Because of the ownership block held by our sponsors, such individuals may be able to effectively exercise influence over all matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions other than approval of our initial business combination. If the underwriters do not exercise all or a portion of the over-allotment option, an aggregate of 329,269 founders’ shares will be forfeited. Only a number of shares necessary to maintain the collective 18% ownership interest in our shares of common stock after giving effect to the offering and the exercise, if any, of the underwriters’ over-allotment option will be necessary. In addition, the founder earnout shares (equal to 567,215 shares, or 652,297 shares if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be subject to forfeiture in the event the last sales price of our stock does not equal or exceed $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, 79 TABLE OF CONTENTS stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period following the closing of our initial business combination. All of the founders’ shares outstanding prior to the date of this prospectus will be placed in escrow with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as escrow agent, until one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, (1) with respect to 50% of the founders’ shares, the last sales price of our common stock equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination and with respect to the remaining 50% of the founders’ shares, the last sales price of our common stock equals or exceeds $15.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination or (2) we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. The founder earnout shares will be released from escrow at the same time as the other founders’ shares to the extent they have been earned at such time. Our sponsors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the founder earnout shares prior to the later of one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination or the date such founder earnout shares are earned, other than pursuant to the limited exceptions described below. Up to 329,269 of the founders’ shares may also be released from escrow earlier than this date for cancellation if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full as described above. All of the founders’ shares may be released from escrow earlier than as described above if within that time period, we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. During the escrow period, the holders of these shares will not be able to sell or transfer their securities except (1) amongst themselves, to our officers, directors and employees, to a holder’s affiliates or its members upon its liquidation, (2) to relatives and trusts for estate planning purposes, (3) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (4) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (5) by certain pledges to secure obligations incurred in connection with purchases of our securities or (6) by private sales made at or prior to the consummation of our initial business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the shares were originally purchased, in each case where the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement, but will retain all other rights as our stockholders, including, without limitation, the right to vote their shares of common stock and the right to receive cash dividends, if declared. If dividends are declared and payable in shares of common stock, such dividends will also be placed in escrow. If we are unable to effect a business combination and liquidate, there will be no liquidation distribution with respect to the founders’ shares. Our sponsors have committed that they and/or their designees will purchase the sponsors’ warrants (for a total purchase price of $3,750,000) from us. These purchases will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. The sponsors’ warrants are identical to the warrants included in the units sold in this offering except that the sponsors’ warrants: (1) will not be redeemable by us and (2) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, as described in this prospectus, in each case so long as they are held by our sponsors or any of their permitted transferees. If the sponsors’ warrants are held by holders other than our sponsors or any of their permitted transferees, the sponsors’ warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering. Our sponsors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the sponsors’ warrants, including the common stock issuable upon exercise of the sponsors’ warrants (except to certain permitted transferees), until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 80 TABLE OF CONTENTS In order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of this offering, our sponsors, officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at holder’s discretion, up to $500,000 of the notes may be converted into warrants at a price of $0.75 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the sponsors’ warrants. If we do not complete a business combination, the loans will be forgiven. Laurence S. Levy is our “promoter,” as that term is defined under the Federal securities laws. 81 TABLE OF CONTENTS CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS In April 2011, we issued 2,524,391 shares of common stock to our sponsors for $25,000 in cash, at a purchase price of approximately $0.01 share, in connection with our organization, as follows: Name Number of Shares Relationship to Us Laurence S. Levy 1,166,008 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Sponsor Edward Levy 583,034 Vice Chairman of the Board, President and Sponsor Knott Partners, LP 268,160 Sponsor Knott Partners Offshore Master Fund, L.P. 152,069 Sponsor Shoshone Partners, L.P. 80,679 Sponsor Mulsanne Partners, L.P. 33,221 Sponsor David M. Knott 137,840 Sponsor Matthew Campbell 68,920 Sponsor Greg Rice 34,460 Sponsor In May 2011, Edward Levy transferred an aggregate of 50,487 shares to Walter McLallen at the same purchase price originally paid by him for such shares. If the underwriters do not exercise all or a portion of their over-allotment option, our sponsors will forfeit up to an aggregate of 329,269 shares of common stock in proportion to the portion of the over-allotment option that was not exercised. In addition, the founder earnout shares (equal to 567,215 shares, or 652,297 shares if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be subject to forfeiture in the event the last sales price of our stock does not equal or exceed $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period following the closing of our initial business combination. If such shares are forfeited, we would record the aggregate fair value of the shares forfeited and reacquired to treasury shares and a corresponding credit to additional paid-in capital based on the difference between the fair market value of the shares of common stock forfeited and the price paid to us for such forfeited shares (which would be an aggregate total of approximately $8,965). Upon receipt, such forfeited shares would then be immediately cancelled which would result in the retirement of the treasury shares and a corresponding charge to additional paid-in capital. If the underwriters determine the size of the offering should be increased (including pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act) or decreased, a share dividend or a contribution back to capital, as applicable, would be effectuated in order to maintain our sponsors’ ownership at a percentage of the number of shares to be sold in this offering. An increase in offering size could result in the per-share conversion or liquidation price decreasing by as much as $___. Our sponsors have committed that they and/or their designees will purchase, pursuant to a written subscription agreement with us and Graubard Miller, as escrow agent, the 5,000,000 sponsors’ warrants (for a total purchase price of $3,750,000) from us. These purchases will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. The purchase price for the sponsors’ warrants will be delivered to Graubard Miller, our counsel in connection with this offering, who will also be acting solely as escrow agent in connection with the private sale of sponsors’ warrants, at least 24 hours prior to the date of this prospectus to hold in a non-interest bearing account until we consummate this offering. Graubard Miller will 82 TABLE OF CONTENTS deposit the purchase price into the trust account simultaneously with the consummation of the offering. The sponsors’ warrants are identical to the warrants included in the units sold in this offering except that the sponsors’ warrants: (1) will not be redeemable by us and (2) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, as described in this prospectus, in each case so long as they are held by our sponsors or any of their permitted transferees. If the sponsors’ warrants are held by holders other than our sponsors or any of their permitted transferees, the sponsors’ warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering. Our sponsors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the sponsors’ warrants, including the common stock issuable upon exercise of the sponsors’ warrants (except to certain permitted transferees), until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. In order to meet our working capital needs following the consummation of this offering, our sponsors, officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at holder’s discretion, up to $500,000 of the notes may be converted into warrants at a price of $0.75 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the sponsors’ warrants. If we do not complete a business combination, the loans will be forgiven. The holders of our founders’ shares issued and outstanding on the date of this prospectus, as well as the holders of the sponsors’ warrants and any warrants our sponsors, officers, directors or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us (and all underlying securities), will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the founders’ shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these shares of common stock are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the sponsors’ warrants or warrants issued in payment of working capital loans made to us (or underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a business combination. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. As of the date of this prospectus, Laurence S. Levy and Edward Levy have loaned to us an aggregate of $100,000 to cover expenses related to this offering. The loans are payable without interest on the earlier of (i) April 27, 2012, (ii) the date on which we consummate our initial public offering or (iii) the date on which we determine to not proceed with our initial public offering. We intend to repay these loans from the proceeds of this offering not being placed in the trust account. ProChannel Management LLC, an affiliate of Laurence Levy, has agreed that, commencing on the effective date of this prospectus through the earlier of our consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation, it will make available to us certain general and administrative services, including office space, utilities and administrative support, as we may require from time to time. We have agreed to pay ProChannel Management LLC $10,000 per month for these services. Laurence Levy is the owner of the membership interests of ProChannel Management LLC. Accordingly, Laurence Levy will benefit from the transaction to the extent of his interest in ProChannel Management LLC. However, this arrangement is solely for our benefit and is not intended to provide Laurence Levy compensation in lieu of a salary. We believe, based on rents and fees for similar services in the New York City metropolitan area, that the fee charged by ProChannel Management LLC is at least as favorable as we could have obtained from an unaffiliated person. 83 TABLE OF CONTENTS Other than the fees described above, no compensation or fees of any kind, including finder’s fees, consulting fees or other similar compensation, will be paid to any of our sponsors, officers, directors or their respective affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to, or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, such individuals will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their operations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report on Form 8-K, as required by the SEC. All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by a majority of our uninterested “independent” directors or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our disinterested “independent” directors determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. Related Party Policy Our Code of Ethics requires us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed $120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant, and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5% beneficial owner of our shares of common stock, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10% beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors’ and officers’ questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate our initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsors, officers or directors including (1) an entity that is either a portfolio company of, or has otherwise received a material financial investment from, any private equity fund or investment company (or an 84 TABLE OF CONTENTS affiliate thereof) that is affiliated with any of the foregoing, (2) an entity in which any of the foregoing or their affiliates are currently passive investors, (3) an entity in which any of the foregoing or their affiliates are currently officers or directors, or (4) an entity in which any of the foregoing or their affiliates are currently invested through an investment vehicle controlled by them, unless we have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA and the approval of a majority of our disinterested independent directors that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view. Furthermore, in no event will any of our sponsors, officers, directors or their respective affiliates be paid any finder’s fee, consulting fee or other similar compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). 85 TABLE OF CONTENTS DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES General As of the date of this prospectus, we are authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001. As of the date of this prospectus, 2,524,391 shares of common stock are outstanding, held by ten stockholders of record. No shares of preferred stock are currently outstanding. The following description summarizes the material terms of our securities. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. For a complete description you should refer to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, bylaws and the form of warrant agreement, which are filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, and to the applicable provisions of Delaware law. Units Each unit consists of one share of common stock and one warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock. The shares of common stock and warrants will begin to trade separately on the 45 th day after the date of this prospectus unless Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, provided that in no event may the shares of common stock and warrants be traded separately until we have filed with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds of this offering. Once the shares of common stock and warrants commence separate trading, holders will have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component pieces. We will file a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes an audited balance sheet promptly upon the consummation of this offering. The audited balance sheet will reflect proceeds we receive from the exercise of the over-allotment option, if the over-allotment option is exercised on the date of this prospectus. If the over-allotment option is exercised after the date of this prospectus, we will file an amendment to the Form 8-K to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the over-allotment option. We will also include in this Form 8-K, an amendment thereto, or in a subsequent Form 8-K information indicating if Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. has allowed separate trading of the shares of common stock and warrants prior to the 45 th day after the date of this prospectus. Common Stock Our stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. In connection with any vote held to approve our initial business combination, our sponsors, as well as all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote their respective shares of common stock owned by them immediately prior to this offering and any shares purchased in this offering or following this offering in the open market in favor of the proposed business combination. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, solely if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. Without our prior written consent, no public stockholder, whether acting singly or with any affiliate or other person acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), will be permitted to exercise voting rights on any proposal submitted for consideration at a meeting relating to a proposed business combination with respect to more than 10% of the shares sold in this offering. Accordingly, all shares sold in this offering beneficially owned (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) by a public stockholder (or stockholders if they are acting in concert or as a group) in excess of 10% shall be voted by our management in favor of all proposals submitted for consideration at such meeting and will not be converted to cash. 86 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50% of the shares eligible to vote for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, if we do not consummate our initial business combination by 24 months from the date of this prospectus, our corporate existence will cease except for the purposes of winding up our affairs and liquidating. If we are forced to liquidate prior to our initial business combination, our public stockholders are entitled to share ratably in the trust account, based on the amount then held in the trust account, and any assets remaining available for distribution to them. If we do not complete our initial business combination and the trustee must distribute the balance of the trust account, the underwriters have agreed that: (1) they will forfeit any rights or claims to their deferred underwriting discounts and commissions, including any accrued interest thereon, then in the trust account, and (2) the deferred underwriters’ discounts and commission will be distributed on a pro rata basis among the public stockholders, together with any accrued interest thereon and net of income taxes payable on such interest. Our sponsors have agreed to waive their respective rights to participate in any liquidation distribution occurring upon our failure to consummate our initial business combination with respect to the founders’ common stock. Our sponsors will therefore not participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to such shares. They will, however, participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to any shares of common stock acquired in connection with or following this offering. Our stockholders have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to the shares of common stock, except that public stockholders have the right to have their shares of common stock converted to cash equal to their pro rata share of the trust account if they vote on the proposed business combination or seek to sell their shares in a tender offer in connection with such business combination and the business combination is completed. Public stockholders who convert their stock into their share of the trust account or sell their shares to us in any tender offer still have the right to exercise the warrants that they received as part of the units. Preferred Stock There are no shares of preferred stock outstanding. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with such designation, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our board of directors. No shares of preferred stock are being issued or registered in this offering. Accordingly, our board of directors is empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights which could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of common stock. However, the underwriting agreement prohibits us, prior to a business combination, from issuing preferred stock which participates in any manner in the proceeds of the trust account, or which votes as a class with the common stock on our initial business combination. We may issue some or all of the preferred stock to effect our initial business combination. In addition, the preferred stock could be utilized as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of us. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we reserve the right to do so in the future. Warrants No warrants are currently outstanding. Each warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination or 12 months from the closing of this offering. However, no warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and current registration 87 TABLE OF CONTENTS statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” for this purpose will mean the average reported last sale price of the shares of common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date of exercise. The warrants will expire five years after the our completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption. The sponsors’ warrants, as well as any warrants we issue to our sponsors, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans made to us, will be identical to the warrants underlying the units being offered by this prospectus except that such warrants will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder’s option, and will not be redeemable by us, in each case so long as they are still held by our sponsors or their affiliates. The sponsors’ warrants may not be sold or transferred until 30 days after we have completed our initial business combination. We may call the warrants for redemption (excluding the sponsors’ warrants and any warrants issued to our sponsors, officers or directors in payment of working capital loans made to us), in whole and not in part, at a price of $0.01 per warrant, • at any time after the warrants become exercisable, • upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder, • if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares of common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share, for any 20 trading days within a 30-day trading period ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders; and • if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such warrants commencing five business days prior to the 30-day trading period and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption. The right to exercise will be forfeited unless the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and after the redemption date, a record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder’s warrant upon surrender of such warrant. The redemption criteria for our warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise price so that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below the exercise price of the warrants. If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a “cashless basis.” In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” (defined below) by (y) the 88 TABLE OF CONTENTS fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average reported last sale price of the shares of common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. The warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of at least 65% of the then outstanding warrants in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. The exercise price and number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of shares of common stock at a price below their respective exercise prices. The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price, by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of shares of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of common stock. After the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to have declared effective a prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and keep such prospectus current until the expiration of the warrants. However, we may not be able to do so and, if we do not maintain a current prospectus relating to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders may not be unable to exercise their warrants for cash and we may not be required to net cash settle or cash settle the warrant exercise. Warrant holders may elect to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder would not be able to exercise their warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess of 9.8% of the shares of common stock outstanding. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round up or down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our shares of common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our then board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. 89 TABLE OF CONTENTS Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent The transfer agent for our securities and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, 17 Battery Place, New York, New York 10004. Quotation of our Securities We expect our units, common stock and warrants quoted on the OTCBB under the symbols “____,” “____,” and “_____,” respectively. We anticipate that our units will be quoted on the OTCBB on or promptly after the effective date of the registration statement. Following the date the shares of our common stock and warrants are eligible to trade separately, we anticipate that the shares of our common stock and warrants will be quoted separately and as a unit on the OTCBB. Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws Staggered board of directors Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors of approximately equal size. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings. Special meeting of stockholders Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our president or by our chairman or by our secretary at the request in writing of stockholders owning a majority of our issued and outstanding capital stock entitled to vote. Advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations Our bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder’s notice will need to be delivered to our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 60 th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 90 th day prior to the scheduled date of the annual meeting of stockholders. In the event that less than 70 days notice or prior public disclosure of the date of the annual meeting of stockholders is given, a stockholder’s notice shall be timely if delivered to our principal executive offices not later than the 10 th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of our annual meeting of stockholders is first made or sent by us. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders’ meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. Authorized but unissued shares Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 90 TABLE OF CONTENTS SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE Immediately after this offering, we will have 12,195,122 shares of common stock outstanding, or 14,024,391 shares if the over-allotment option is exercised in full. Of these shares, the 10,000,000 shares sold in this offering, or 11,500,000 shares if the over-allotment option is exercised in full, will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining shares are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering. All of those shares have been placed in escrow and will not be transferable until they are released except in limited circumstances described elsewhere in this prospectus. Rule 144 A person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of common stock or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (1) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (2) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale. Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares of common stock for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of either of the following: • 1% of the number of shares of common stock then outstanding, which will equal 121,951 shares immediately after this offering (or 140,244 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full); and • the average weekly trading volume of the shares of common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. Sales under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies Historically, the SEC staff had taken the position that Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by companies that are, or previously were, blank check companies, like us. The SEC has codified and expanded this position in the amendments discussed above by prohibiting the use of Rule 144 for resale of securities issued by any shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or any issuer that has been at any time previously a shell company. The SEC has provided an important exception to this prohibition, however, if the following conditions are met: • the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; • the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; • the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and • at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. As a result, it is likely that pursuant to Rule 144, our sponsors will be able to sell their founders’ shares freely without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination assuming they are not an affiliate of ours at that time. 91 TABLE OF CONTENTS Registration Rights The holders of our founders’ shares issued and outstanding on the date of this prospectus, as well as the holders of the sponsors’ warrants and any warrants our sponsors, officers, directors or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us (and all underlying securities), will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the founders’ shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these shares of common stock are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the sponsors’ warrants or warrants issued to our sponsors in payment of working capital loans made to us (or underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing 90 days after we consummate our initial business combination. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 92 TABLE OF CONTENTS MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL TAX CONSIDERATIONS The following is a summary of the material U.S. federal income tax considerations with respect to your ownership and disposition of our units or components thereof, which we refer to collectively as our securities, assuming you purchase the securities in this offering and will hold them as capital assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “ Code ” ). This discussion does not address all of the U.S. federal income tax considerations that may be relevant to you in light of your particular circumstances, and it does not describe all of the tax consequences that may be relevant to holders subject to special rules, such as: • financial institutions or financial services entities; • governments or agencies or instrumentalities thereof; • insurance companies; • dealers and traders in securities or foreign currencies; • persons holding our securities as part of a hedge, straddle, conversion transaction or other integrated transaction; • U.S. persons whose functional currency for U.S. federal income tax purposes is not the U.S. dollar; • persons that acquire our securities pursuant to an exercise of employee share options, in connection with employee share incentive plans or otherwise as compensation; • persons liable for the alternative minimum tax; and • tax-exempt organizations. Additionally, this discussion does not consider the tax treatment of partnerships (including entities treated as partnerships for U.S. federal tax purposes) or other pass-through entities or persons who hold our securities through such entities. If an entity that is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds our securities, the tax treatment of a partner will generally depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the entity. If you are a partner in such an entity, you should consult your tax advisor. The following does not discuss any aspect of state, local, U.S. gift or estate or non-U.S. taxation. This discussion is based on current provisions of the Code, Treasury regulations, judicial opinions, published positions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) and all other applicable authorities, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. WE URGE PROSPECTIVE HOLDERS TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS REGARDING THE U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND NON-U.S. INCOME, ESTATE AND OTHER TAX CONSIDERATIONS WITH RESPECT TO ACQUIRING, HOLDING AND DISPOSING OF OUR SECURITIES. Company Personal Holding Company Status We could be subject to an additional level of U.S. federal income tax on a portion of our income if we are determined to be a personal holding company (“PHC”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A U.S. corporation generally will be classified as a PHC for U.S. federal income tax purposes in a given taxable year if: • at any time during the last half of such taxable year, five or fewer individuals (without regard to their citizenship or residency and including as individuals for this purpose certain entities such as certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds, and charitable trusts) own or are deemed to own (pursuant to certain constructive ownership rules) more than 50% of the stock of the corporation by value; and 93 TABLE OF CONTENTS • at least 60% of the corporation’s adjusted ordinary gross income, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes, for such taxable year consists of PHC income (which includes, among other things, dividends, interest, certain royalties, annuities and, under certain circumstances, rents). Depending on the date and size of our initial business combination, it is possible that at least 60% of our adjusted ordinary gross income may consist of PHC income as discussed above. In addition, depending on the concentration of our stock in the hands of individuals, including our founders and certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds, and charitable trusts, it is possible that more than 50% of our stock will be owned or deemed owned (pursuant to the constructive ownership rules) by such persons during the last half of a taxable year. Thus, no assurance can be given that we will not become a PHC following this offering or in the future. If we are or were to become a PHC in a given taxable year, we would be subject to an additional PHC tax on our undistributed PHC income, which generally includes our taxable income, subject to certain adjustments. For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2012, the tax rate on undistributed PHC income will be equal to the highest marginal rate on ordinary income applicable to individuals (scheduled to be 39.6% after December 31, 2012). For tax years ending prior to or on December 31, 2012, the tax rate on undistributed PHC income is 15%. Public Stockholders General There is no authority addressing the treatment, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, of securities with terms substantially the same as the units, and, therefore, that treatment is not entirely clear. Each unit should be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as an investment unit consisting of one share of our common stock and a warrant to acquire one share of our common stock, subject to adjustment. In determining your basis for the common stock and warrant composing a unit, you should allocate your purchase price for the unit between the components on the basis of their relative fair market values at the time of issuance. A holder’s initial tax basis in the common stock and the warrant included in each unit should equal the portion of the purchase price of the unit allocated thereto. The foregoing treatment of the common stock and warrants and a holder’s purchase price allocation are not binding on the IRS or the courts. Because there are no authorities that directly address instruments that are similar to the units, no assurance can be given that the IRS or the courts will agree with the characterization described above or the discussion below. Accordingly, you are urged to consult you own tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal, state, local and any foreign tax consequences of an investment in a unit (including alternative characterizations of a unit). Unless otherwise stated, the following discussions are based on the assumption that the characterization of the common stock and warrants and the allocation described above are accepted for U.S. federal income tax purposes. U.S. Holders This section is addressed to U.S. holders of our securities. For purposes of this discussion, you are a “U.S. holder” if you are a beneficial owner that is: • a citizen or resident of the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes; • a corporation (or other entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes), created or organized in, or under the laws of, the United States, any State thereof or the District of Columbia; • an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or 94 TABLE OF CONTENTS • a trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or it has in effect a valid election to be treated as a U.S. person. The term “U.S. holder” also includes certain former citizens and residents of the United States. Dividends and Distributions As discussed under “Dividend Policy” above, we do not anticipate that any dividends will be paid in the foreseeable future. In the event that we do make distributions on our common stock, such distributions will be treated as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles. Distributions in excess of our current or accumulated earnings and profits will constitute a return of capital that will be applied against and reduce your adjusted basis in the common stock (but not below zero). Any excess over your basis will be treated as gain realized on the sale or other disposition of the common stock and will be treated as described in the first paragraph under “— Sale or Other Disposition or Conversion of Common Stock ” below. If you are a U.S. holder that is a taxable corporation, dividends we pay to you generally will qualify for the dividends received deduction if the requisite holding period is satisfied. With certain exceptions (including, but not limited to, dividends treated as investment income for purposes of investment interest deduction limitations), and provided certain holding period requirements are met, dividends we pay to a non-corporate U.S. holder generally will constitute “qualified dividends” that will be subject to tax at the maximum tax rate accorded to long-term capital gains (currently 15%) for tax years beginning on or before December 31, 2012, after which the rate applicable to dividends is currently scheduled to return to the tax rate generally applicable to ordinary income (currently scheduled to increase to a maximum rate of 39.6% for 2013). The conversion feature of the common stock described under “ Proposed Business — Effecting Our Initial Business Combination — Conversion Rights ” may be viewed as the holding of a position with respect to substantially similar or related property which diminishes your risk of loss and thereby affects your ability to satisfy the holding period requirements for the dividends received deduction or the preferential tax rate on qualified dividend income with respect to the time period prior to the approval of our initial business combination. Sale or Other Disposition or Conversion of Common Stock Gain or loss you realize on the sale or other disposition of our common stock (other than conversion into cash but including a dissolution and liquidation in the event we do not consummate our initial business combination within the required time) will be capital gain or loss. The amount of your gain or loss will be equal to the difference between your tax basis in the common stock disposed of and the amount realized on the disposition. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. Any capital gain or loss you realize on a sale or other disposition of our common stock will generally be long-term capital gain or loss if your holding period for the common stock is more than one year. However, the conversion feature of the common stock described under “ Proposed Business — Effecting Our Initial Business Combination — Conversion Rights ” conceivably could affect your ability to satisfy the holding period requirements for the long-term capital gain tax rate with respect to the time period prior to the approval of our initial business combination. Long-term capital gain realized by a non-corporate U.S. holder generally will be subject to a maximum rate of 15% for tax years beginning on or before December 31, 2012, after which the maximum long-term capital gains rate is scheduled to increase to 20%. 95 TABLE OF CONTENTS If you convert your common stock into a right to receive cash as described in “ Proposed Business — Effecting Our Initial Business Combination — Conversion Rights ,” the conversion generally will be treated as a sale of common stock described in the preceding paragraph (rather than as a dividend or distribution). The conversion will, however, be treated as a dividend or distribution and taxed as described in “— Dividends and Distributions ” above if your percentage ownership in us (including shares that you are deemed to own under certain attribution rules, such as the shares into which the warrants are exercisable) after the conversion is not meaningfully reduced from what your percentage ownership was prior to the conversion. If you have a relatively minimal stock interest and, taking into account the effect of conversion by other stockholders, your percentage ownership in us is reduced as a result of the conversion, you should generally be regarded as having suffered a meaningful reduction in interest. For example, the IRS has ruled that any reduction in the stockholder’s proportionate interest will constitute a “meaningful reduction” in a transaction in which a holder held less than 1% of the shares of a corporation and did not have management control over the corporation. You should consult your own tax advisor as to whether conversion of your common stock will be treated as a sale or as a dividend under the Code and, if you actually or constructively own 5% (or, if our stock is not then publicly traded, 1%) or more of our common stock before conversion, whether you are subject to special reporting requirements with respect to such conversion. Sale or Other Disposition, Exercise or Expiration of Warrants Upon the sale or other disposition of a warrant (other than by exercise), you will generally recognize capital gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realized on the sale or other disposition and your tax basis in the warrant. This capital gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or loss if, at the time of the sale or other disposition, the warrant has been held by you for more than one year. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. In general, you will not be required to recognize income, gain or loss upon exercise of a warrant for its exercise price. Your basis in a share of common stock received upon exercise will be equal to the sum of (1) your basis in the warrant and (2) the exercise price of the warrant. Your holding period in the shares received upon exercise will commence on the day after you exercise the warrants. Although there is no direct legal authority as to the U.S. federal income tax treatment of an exercise of a warrant on a cashless basis, we intend to take the position that such exercise will not be taxable, either because the exercise is not a gain realization event or because it qualifies as a tax-free recapitalization. In the former case, the holding period of the common stock should commence on the day after the warrant is exercised. In the latter case, the holding period of the common stock would include the holding period of the exercised warrants. However, our position is not binding on the IRS and the IRS may treat a cashless exercise of a warrant as a taxable exchange. You are urged to consult your own tax advisor as to the consequences of an exercise of a warrant on a cashless basis. If a warrant expires without being exercised, you will recognize a capital loss in an amount equal to your basis in the warrant. Such loss will be long-term capital loss if, at the time of the expiration, the warrant has been held by you for more than one year. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. Constructive Dividends on Warrants As discussed under “Dividend Policy” above, we do not anticipate that any dividends will be paid in the foreseeable future. If at any time during the period you hold warrants, however, we were to pay a taxable dividend to our stockholders and, in accordance with the anti-dilution provisions of the warrants, the conversion rate of the warrants were increased, that increase would be deemed to be the payment of a taxable dividend to you to the extent of our earnings and profits, notwithstanding the fact that you will not receive a cash payment. If the conversion rate is adjusted in certain other circumstances (or in certain circumstances, there is a failure to make adjustments), such adjustments may also result in the deemed payment of a taxable dividend to you. You should consult your tax advisor regarding the proper treatment of any adjustments to the warrants. 96 TABLE OF CONTENTS Non-U.S. Holders This section is addressed to non-U.S. holders of the securities. For purposes of this discussion, a “non-U.S. holder” is a beneficial owner of a security (other than an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that is not a U.S. holder. Dividends and Distributions As discussed under “Dividend Policy” above, we do not anticipate that any dividends will be paid in the foreseeable future. If, however, we were to pay taxable dividends to you with respect to your shares of common stock (including any deemed distributions treated as a dividend on the warrants, as described in “— Constructive Dividends on Warrants ” below), those dividends, provided such dividends are not effectively connected with the non-U.S. holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the United States, would generally be subject to United States withholding tax at a rate of 30% of the gross amount, unless you are eligible for a reduced rate of withholding tax under an applicable income tax treaty and you provide proper certification of your eligibility for such reduced rate (usually on an IRS Form W-8BEN). A distribution will constitute a dividend for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles. Any distribution not constituting a dividend will be treated first as reducing your tax basis in your shares of common stock and, to the extent it exceeds your tax basis, as gain from the disposition of your shares of common stock treated as described under “Sale or Other Disposition of Common Stock or Warrants” below. In addition, if we determine that we are likely to be classified as a “United States real property holding corporation” (see “— Sale or Other Disposition of Common Stock or Warrants ” below), we will withhold 10% of any distribution that exceeds our current and accumulated earnings and profits. Non-U.S. holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding possible eligibility for benefits under income tax treaties. Dividends we pay to you that are effectively connected with your conduct of a trade or business within the United States (and, if certain income tax treaties apply, are attributable to a United States permanent establishment or fixed base maintained by you) generally will not be subject to United States withholding tax if you comply with applicable certification and disclosure requirements (usually by providing an IRS Form W-8ECI). Instead, such dividends generally will be subject to United States federal income tax, net of certain deductions, at the same graduated individual or corporate rates applicable to United States persons. If you are a corporation, effectively connected income may also be subject to a “branch profits tax” at a rate of 30% (or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty). Exercise of Warrants You generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the exercise of the warrants into shares of common stock. However, if a cashless exercise of warrants results in a taxable exchange, as described in “— U.S. Holders — Sale or Other Disposition, Exercise or Expiration of Warrants,” the rules described below under “Sale or Other Disposition of Common Stock or Warrants” would apply. Sale or Other Disposition of Common Stock or Warrants You generally will not be subject to United States federal income tax on any gain realized upon the sale, exchange or other disposition of our common stock (which would include a dissolution and liquidation in the event we do not consummate our initial business combination within the required timeframe) or warrants (including an expiration or redemption of our warrants), in each case without regard to whether those securities were held as part of a unit, unless: • the gain is effectively connected with your conduct of a trade or business within the United States (and, under certain income tax treaties, is attributable to a United States permanent establishment or fixed base you maintain); 97 TABLE OF CONTENTS • you are an individual, you hold your shares of common stock or warrants as capital assets, you are present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of disposition and you meet other conditions, and you are not eligible for relief under an applicable income tax treaty; or • we are or have been a “United States real property holding corporation” for United States federal income tax purposes at any time within the shorter of the five-year period preceding disposition or your holding period for your shares of common stock or warrants, and, in the case where the shares of our common stock are regularly traded on an established securities market (within the meaning of applicable U.S. Treasury regulations), you hold or have held, directly or indirectly, at any time within the shorter of the five-year period preceding disposition or your holding period for your shares of common stock or warrants, more than 5% of our common stock. Special rules may apply to the determination of the 5% threshold in the case of a holder of a warrant. You are urged to consult your own tax advisors regarding the effect of holding the warrants on the calculation of such 5% threshold. We will be classified as a United States real property holding corporation if the fair market value of our “United States real property interests” equals or exceeds 50% of the sum of (1) the fair market value of our United States real property interests, (2) the fair market value of our non-United States real property interests and (3) the fair market value of any other of our assets which are used or held for use in our trade or business. Although we currently are not a United States real property holding corporation, we cannot determine whether we will be a United States real property holding corporation in the future until we consummate our initial business combination. Gain that is described in the first of the above bullet points generally will be subject to United States federal income tax, net of certain deductions, at the same rates applicable to United States persons. If you are a corporation, the branch profits tax also may apply to such effectively connected gain. If the gain from the sale or disposition of your shares of common stock or warrants is effectively connected with your conduct of a trade or business in the United States but under an applicable income tax treaty is not attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed base you maintain in the United States, your gain may be exempt from United States tax under the treaty. If you are described in the second bullet point above, you generally will be subject to United States federal income tax at a rate of 30% on the gain realized, although the gain may be offset by some United States source capital losses realized during the same taxable year. If you are described in the third bullet point above, gain recognized by you on the sale, exchange or other disposition of shares of common stock or warrants will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis at normal graduated U.S. federal income tax rates. In addition, a buyer of your shares of common stock or warrants may be required to withhold United States income tax at a rate of 10% of the amount realized upon such disposition. If you convert your common stock into a right to receive cash as described in “Proposed Business — Effecting Our Initial Business Combination — Conversion Rights,” the conversion generally will be treated as a sale of common stock rather than as a dividend or distribution. The conversion will, however, be treated as a dividend or distribution and taxed as described in “Dividends and Distributions” if your percentage ownership in us (including shares that you are deemed to own under certain attribution rules, such as the shares into which the warrants are exercisable) after the conversion is not meaningfully reduced from what your percentage ownership was prior to the conversion. See the discussion in “— U.S. Holders — Sale or Other Disposition or Conversion of Common Stock.” You should consult your own tax advisor as to whether conversion of your common stock will be treated as a sale or as a dividend under the Code. 98 TABLE OF CONTENTS Constructive Dividends on Warrants As discussed under “Dividend Policy” above, we do not anticipate that any dividends will be paid in the foreseeable future. If at any time during the period you hold warrants, however, we were to pay a taxable dividend to our stockholders and, in accordance with the anti-dilution provisions of the warrants, the conversion rate of the warrants were increased, that increase would be deemed to be the payment of a taxable dividend to you to the extent of our earnings and profits as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles, notwithstanding the fact that you will not receive a cash payment. If the conversion rate is adjusted in certain other circumstances (or in certain circumstances, there is a failure to make adjustments), such adjustments may also result in the deemed payment of a taxable dividend to you. Any resulting withholding tax attributable to deemed dividends would be collected from other amounts payable or distributable to you. You should consult your tax advisor regarding the proper treatment of any adjustments to the warrants. Information Reporting and Backup Withholding We must report annually to the IRS the amount of dividends or other distributions we may pay to you on your shares of common stock and the amount of tax we withhold on any such distributions regardless of whether withholding is required. In the case of a non-U.S. person, the IRS may make copies of the information returns reporting those dividends and amounts withheld available to the tax authorities in the country in which you reside pursuant to the provisions of an applicable income tax treaty or exchange of information treaty. The United States imposes backup withholding on dividends and certain other types of payments. A U.S. holder will not be subject to backup withholding if such U.S. holder provides a taxpayer identification number and a duly executed IRS Form W-9 (or successor form) or you are a corporation or one of several types of entities and organizations that qualify for exemption (an “exempt recipient”). A non-U.S. holder will not be subject to backup withholding on dividends you receive on your shares of common stock if you provide proper certification (usually on an IRS Form W-8BEN) of your status as a non-United States person. Information reporting and backup withholding generally are not required with respect to the amount of any proceeds from the sale of your shares of common stock or warrants outside the United States through a foreign office of a foreign broker that does not have certain specified connections to the United States. However, if you sell your shares of common stock or warrants through a United States broker or the United States office of a foreign broker, the broker will be required to report to the IRS the amount of proceeds paid to you unless you provide appropriate certification (usually on an IRS Form W-8BEN) to the broker of your status as a non-United States person or you are an exempt recipient. Information reporting also would apply if you sell your shares of common stock or warrants through a foreign broker deriving more than a specified percentage of its income from United States sources or having certain other connections to the United States. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld with respect to your shares of common stock or warrants under the backup withholding rules will be refunded to you or credited against your United States federal income tax liability, if any, by the IRS provided that certain required information is furnished to the IRS in a timely manner. Recent Legislation Recently enacted legislation generally imposes withholding at a rate of 30% on payments to certain foreign entities, after December 31, 2012, of dividends on and the gross proceeds of dispositions of U.S. equity interests, unless various U.S. information reporting and due diligence requirements (generally relating to ownership by U.S. persons of interest in or accounts with those entities) have been satisfied. Non-U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the possible implications of this legislation on their investment in the units. 99 TABLE OF CONTENTS UNDERWRITING Subject to the terms and conditions of the underwriting agreement, the underwriters named below, through their representative Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., have severally agreed to purchase from us on a firm commitment basis the following respective number of units at a public offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions set forth on the cover page of this prospectus: Underwriter Number of Units Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. Total 10,000,000 The underwriting agreement provides that the obligation of the underwriters to purchase all of the 10,000,000 units being offered to the public is subject to specific conditions, including the absence of any material adverse change in our business or in the financial markets, the purchase by our sponsor of an aggregate of 5,000,000 warrants at a purchase price of $0.75 per warrant in an insider private placement simultaneously with the consummation of this offering, and the receipt of certain legal opinions, certificates and letters from us, our counsel and the independent auditors. Subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement, the underwriters will purchase all of the 10,000,000 units being offered to the public, other than those covered by the over-allotment option described below, if any of these units are purchased. We have been advised by the representative of the underwriters that the underwriters propose to offer the units to the public at the public offering price set forth on the cover of this prospectus and to dealers at a price that represents a concession not in excess of $ per unit under the public offering price. The underwriters may allow, and these dealers may re-allow, a concession of not more than $ per unit to other dealers. After the initial public offering, the representative of the underwriters may change the offering price and other selling terms. We have granted to the underwriters an option, exercisable not later than 45 days after the effective date of the registration statement, to purchase up to 1,500,000 additional units at the public offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions set forth on the cover of this prospectus. The underwriters may exercise this option only to cover over-allotments made in connection with the sale of the units offered by this prospectus. To the extent that the underwriters exercise this option, each of the underwriters will become obligated, subject to conditions, to purchase approximately the same percentage of these additional units as the number of units to be purchased by it in the above table bears to the total number of units offered by this prospectus. We will be obligated, pursuant to the option, to sell these additional units to the underwriters to the extent the option is exercised. If any additional units are purchased, the underwriters will offer the additional units on the same terms as those on which the other units are being offered hereunder. 100 TABLE OF CONTENTS The underwriting discounts and commissions are 5.0% of the initial public offering price (including deferred discounts and commissions). We have agreed to pay the underwriters the discounts and commissions set forth below, assuming either no exercise or full exercise by the underwriters of the underwriters’ over-allotment option. Fees Fee per Unit Without Exercise of the Over-allotment Option With Exercise of Over-allotment Option Public offering price $ 10.00 $ 100,000,000 $ 115,000,000 Underwriting discount (1) $ 0.25 $ 2,500,000 $ 2,875,000 Deferred underwriting discount (1) $ 0.25 $ 2,500,000 $ 2,875,000 Proceeds before expenses (2) $ 9.50 $ 95,000,000 $ 109,250,000 (1) The underwriters have agreed to defer $2,500,000, or $2,875,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full, of the underwriting discounts and commissions, equal to 2.5% of the gross proceeds of the units being offered to the public, until the consummation of our initial business combination. The amount of any aggregate deferred commissions paid to the underwriters will be reduced by the amount of any deferred commission earned on units which included shares which have been converted, tendered or repurchased prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Upon the consummation of our initial business combination, deferred underwriting discounts and commissions shall be released to the underwriters out of the gross proceeds of this offering held in a trust account with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee. The underwriters will not be entitled to any interest accrued on the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions. No discounts or commissions will be paid on the sale of the sponsor warrants. (2) The offering expenses are estimated at $500,000, which are not reflected in the preceding table. Our sponsors have agreed not to, subject to certain limited exceptions, transfer, assign or sell any of the founders’ shares until the earlier of (i) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) the date on which we consummate a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the sales price of our shares reaches or exceeds $12.50 for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period during such one year period, 50% of the founders’ shares shall be released from the lock-up and, if the sales price of our shares reaches or exceeds $15.00 for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period during such one year period, the remaining 50% of the founders’ shares shall be released from the lock-up. In addition, members of our sponsor have agreed not to, subject to certain limited exceptions, transfer, assign or sell any of the sponsor warrants (including the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the sponsor warrants) until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the founder earnout shares prior to the later of one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination or the date such founder earnout shares are earned, other than pursuant to the limited exceptions described above. Pricing of this Offering Prior to this offering there has been no public market for any of our securities. The public offering price of the units and the terms of the warrants were negotiated between us and the representative of the underwriters. Factors considered in determining the prices and terms of the units, including the ordinary shares and warrants underlying the units, include: • the history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies; • prior offerings of those companies; 101 TABLE OF CONTENTS • our prospects for acquiring an operating business at attractive values; • our capital structure; • an assessment of our management and their experience in identifying operating companies; • general conditions of the securities markets at the time of this offering; and • other factors as were deemed relevant. However, although these factors were considered, the determination of our offering price is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities for an operating company in a particular industry since the underwriters are unable to compare our financial results and prospects with those of public companies operating in the same industry. Price Stabilization and Short Positions In order to facilitate the offering of our units, the underwriters may engage in transactions that stabilize, maintain, or otherwise affect the market price of our units. Specifically, the underwriters may over-allot units in connection with this offering, thus creating a short sales position in our units for their own account. A short sales position results when an underwriter sells more units than that underwriter is committed to purchase. A short sales position may involve either “covered” short sales or “naked” short sales. Covered short sales are sales made for an amount not greater than the underwriters’ over-allotment option to purchase additional units in this offering described above. The underwriters may close out any covered short position by either exercising their over-allotment option or purchasing units in the open market. In determining the source of units to close out the covered short position, the underwriters will consider, among other things, the price of units available for purchase in the open market as compared to the price at which they may purchase units through the over-allotment option. Naked short sales are sales in excess of the over-allotment option. The underwriters will have to close out any naked short position by purchasing units in the open market. A naked short position is more likely to be created if the underwriters are concerned that there may be downward pressure on the price of the units in the open market after pricing that could adversely affect investors who purchase in this offering. Accordingly, to cover these short sales positions or to stabilize the market price of our units, the underwriters may bid for, and purchase, units in the open market. These transactions may be effected on the OTC Bulletin Board or otherwise. Additionally, the representative, on behalf of the underwriters, also may reclaim selling concessions allowed to an underwriter or dealer if the underwriting syndicate repurchases units distributed by that underwriter or dealer. Similar to other purchase transactions, the underwriters’ purchases to cover the syndicate short sales or to stabilize the market price of our units may have the effect of raising or maintaining the market price of our units or preventing or mitigating a decline in the market price of our units. As a result, the price of our units may be higher than the price that might otherwise exist in the open market. The underwriters are not required to engage in these activities and, if commenced, may end any of these activities at any time. Other Terms Although we are not under any contractual obligation to engage any of the underwriters to provide any services for us after this offering, and have no present intent to do so, any of the underwriters may, among other things, introduce us to potential target acquisitions or assist us in raising additional capital, as needs may arise in the future. If any of the underwriters provide services to us after this offering, we may pay such underwriter fair and reasonable fees that would be determined at that time in an arm’s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with any of the underwriters and no fees for such services will be paid to any of the underwriters prior to the date which is 90 days after the effective date of the 102 TABLE OF CONTENTS registration statement, unless the FINRA determines that such payment would not be deemed underwriters compensation in connection with this offering. Indemnification We have agreed to indemnify the underwriters against some liabilities, including civil liabilities under the Securities Act, or to contribute to payments the underwriters may be required to make in this respect. 103 TABLE OF CONTENTS SELLING RESTRICTIONS State Blue Sky Information We will offer and sell the units to retail customers only in Colorado, Delaware, the District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Louisiana, Minnesota, Missouri, New York, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Utah, Virginia, Wisconsin and Wyoming. In New York and Hawaii, we have relied on exemptions from the state registration requirements. In the other states listed above, we will apply to have the units registered for sale and will not sell the units to retail customers in these states unless and until such registration is effective in each of these states (including in Colorado, pursuant to 11-51-302(6) of the Colorado Revised Statutes). If you are not an institutional investor, you may purchase our securities in this offering only in the jurisdictions described directly above. Institutional investors in every state except Idaho may purchase the units in this offering pursuant to exemptions provided to such entities under the Blue Sky laws of various states. The definition of an “institutional investor” varies from state to state but generally includes financial institutions, broker-dealers, banks, insurance companies and other qualified entities. The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, pre-empts the states from regulating transactions in certain securities, which are referred to as “covered securities.” The resale of the units, from and after the effective date, and the ordinary shares and warrants comprising the units, once they become separately transferable, are exempt from state registration requirements under the National Securities Markets Improvement Act because we will file periodic and annual reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. However, states are permitted to require notice filings and collect fees with regard to these transactions and a state may suspend the offer and sale of securities within such state if any such required filing is not made or fee is not paid. As of the date of this prospectus, Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Idaho, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, Nevada, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, South Dakota, Utah, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin and Wyoming either do not presently require any notice filings or fee payments or have not yet issued rules or regulations indicating whether notice filings or fee payments will be required. The District of Columbia, Illinois, Montana, New Hampshire, North Dakota, Oregon, Puerto Rico, Rhode Island, Tennessee, Texas and Vermont currently permit the resale of the units, and the ordinary shares and warrants comprising the units, once they become separately transferable, if we have registered the securities in the state or the proper notice filings and fees have been submitted. As of the date of this prospectus, we have not determined in which, if any, of these states we will submit the required notice filings or pay the required fee. Additionally, if any of these states that has not yet adopted a statute relating to the National Securities Markets Improvement Act adopts such a statute in the future requiring a filing or fee or if any state amends its existing statutes with respect to its requirements, we would need to comply with those new requirements in order for our securities to continue to be eligible for resale in those jurisdictions. Under the National Securities Markets Improvement Act, the states retain the jurisdiction to investigate and bring enforcement actions with respect to fraud or deceit, or unlawful conduct by a broker or dealer, in connection with the sale of securities. Although we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict resales of securities issued by blank check companies generally, certain state securities commissioners view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the resale of securities of blank check companies in their states. The state of Idaho deems blank check companies inherently fraudulent and such offerings may not be registered or qualify for an exemption from registration in that state. 104 TABLE OF CONTENTS Aside from the exemption from registration provided by the National Securities Markets Improvement Act, we believe that the units, from and after the effective date, and the ordinary shares and warrants comprising the units, once they become separately transferable, will be eligible for sale on a secondary market basis in various states based on the availability of another applicable exemption from state registration requirements, in certain instances subject to waiting periods, notice filings or fee payments. China This prospectus may not be circulated or distributed in the People’s Republic of China (China) and the securities may not be offered or sold, and will not offer or sell to any person for re-offering or resale directly or indirectly to any resident of China except pursuant to applicable laws and regulations of China. For the purpose of this paragraph, China does not include Taiwan and the special administrative regions of Hong Kong and Macau. France This offering document has not been prepared in the context of a public offering of securities in France (offre au public) within the meaning of Article L.411-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier and Articles 211-1 and seq. of the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) regulations and has therefore not been submitted to the AMF for prior approval or otherwise. The securities have not been offered or sold and will not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in France and neither this offering document nor any other offering material relating to the securities has been distributed or caused to be distributed or will be distributed or caused to be distributed to the public in France, except only to persons licensed to provide the investment service of portfolio management for the account of third parties and/or to “qualified investors” (as defined in Article L.411-2, D.411-1 and D.411-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier ) and/or to a limited circle of investors (as defined in Article L.411-2, D.411-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier ) on the condition that no such offering document nor any other offering material relating to the securities shall be delivered by them to any person nor reproduced (in whole or in part). Such “qualified investors” are notified that they must act in that connection for their own account in accordance with the terms set out by Article L.411-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier and by Article 211-4 of the AMF Regulations and may not re-transfer, directly or indirectly, the securities in France, other than in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and in particular those relating to a public offering (which are, in particular, embodied in Articles L.411-1, L.412-1 and L.621-8 and seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier ). You are hereby notified that in connection with the purchase of these securities, you must act for your own account in accordance with the terms set out by Article L.411-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier and by Article 211-4 of the AMF Regulations and may not re-transfer, directly or indirectly, the securities in France, other than in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and in particular those relating to a public offering (which are, in particular, embodied in Articles L.411-1, L.411-2, L.412-1 and L.621-8 and seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier ). Germany Any offer or solicitation of securities within Germany must be in full compliance with the German Securities Prospectus Act ( Wertpapierprospektgesetz — WpPG ). The offer and solicitation of securities to the public in German requires the approval of the prospectus by the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority ( Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht — BaFin ). This prospectus has not been and will not be submitted for approval to the BaFin. This prospectus does not constitute a public offer under the WpPG. This prospectus and any other document relating to the securities, as well as any information contained therein, must not be supplied to the public in Germany or used in connection with any offer for subscription of the securities to the public in Germany, any public marketing of the 105 TABLE OF CONTENTS securities or any public solicitation for offers to subscribe for or otherwise acquire the securities. The prospectus and other offering materials relating to the offer of securities are strictly confidential and may not be distributed to any person or entity other than the designated recipients hereof. Hong Kong The securities have not been offered or sold and will not be offered or sold in Hong Kong, by means of any document, other than (a) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance. No advertisement, invitation or document, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) has been issued or will be issued in Hong Kong or elsewhere other than with respect to the securities which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinance. 106 TABLE OF CONTENTS WARNING The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. You are advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer. If you are in any doubt about any of the contents of this document, you should obtain independent professional advice. Israel This document does not constitute a prospectus under the Israeli Securities Law, 5728-1968, and has not been filed with or approved by the Israel Securities Authority. In Israel, this prospectus is being distributed only to, and is directed only at, investors listed in the first addendum, or the Addendum, to the Israeli Securities Law, consisting primarily of joint investment in trust funds, provident funds, insurance companies, banks, portfolio managers, investment advisors, members of the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange, underwriters purchasing for their own account, venture capital funds, and entities with shareholders’ equity in excess of NIS 250 million, each as defined in the Addendum (as it may be amended from time to time, collectively referred to as institutional investors). Institutional investors may be required to submit written confirmation that they fall within the scope of the Addendum. In addition, we may distribute and direct this document in Israel, at our sole discretion, to certain other exempt investors or to investors who do not qualify as institutional or exempt investors, provided that the number of such non-qualified investors in Israel shall be no greater than 35 in any 12-month period. Italy The offering of the securities has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB), in accordance with Italian securities legislation. Accordingly, the securities may not be offered or sold, and copies of this offering document or any other document relating to the securities may not be distributed in Italy except to Qualified Investors, as defined in Article 34- ter , subsection 1, paragraph b) of CONSOB Regulation no. 11971 of May 14, 1999, as amended (the Issuers’ Regulation), or in any other circumstance where an express exemption to comply with public offering restrictions provided by Legislative Decree no. 58 of February 24, 1998 (the Consolidated Financial Act) or Issuers’ Regulation applies, including those provided for under Article 100 of the Finance Law and Article 34- ter of the Issuers’ Regulation, and provided, however, that any such offer or sale of the securities or distribution of copies of this offering document or any other document relating to the securities in Italy must (i) be made in accordance with all applicable Italian laws and regulations, (ii) be conducted in accordance with any relevant limitations or procedural requirements that CONSOB may impose upon the offer or sale of the securities, and (iii) be made only by (a) banks, investment firms or financial companies enrolled in the special register provided for in Article 107 of Legislative Decree no. 385 of September 1, 1993, to the extent duly authorized to engage in the placement and/or underwriting of financial instruments in Italy in accordance with the Consolidated Financial Act and the relevant implementing regulations; or (b) foreign banks or financial institutions (the controlling shareholding of which is owned by one or more banks located in the same EU Member State) authorised to place and distribute securities in the Republic of Italy pursuant to Articles 15, 16 and 18 of the Banking Act, in each case acting in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. India This document has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus or a statement in lieu of prospectus with any registrar of companies in India. This document has not been and will not be reviewed or approved by any regulatory authority in India, including the Securities and Exchange Board of India, any registrar of companies in India or any stock exchange in India. This document and this offering of securities are not and should not be construed as an invitation, offer or sale of any securities to the public in India. Other than in compliance with the private placement exemptions under applicable laws and regulations in India, including the Companies Act, 1956, as amended, the securities have not been, and will not be, offered or sold to the 107 TABLE OF CONTENTS public or any member of the public in India. This document is strictly personal to the recipient and neither this document nor the offering of the securities is calculated to result, directly or indirectly, in the securities becoming available for subscription or purchase by persons other than those receiving the invitation or offer. Singapore The offer or invitation which is the subject of this document is only allowed to be made to the persons set out herein. Moreover, this document is not a prospectus as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (SFA) and accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of the document will not apply. As this document has not been and will not be lodged with or registered as a document by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, this document and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the securities may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the securities be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than: (i) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the SFA; (ii) to a relevant person, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions, specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. Where the securities are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person who is: (a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or (b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary is an accredited investor, securities, debentures and units of shares and debentures of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest in that trust shall not be transferable for six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the securities under Section 275 of the SFA except: (1) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the SFA or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or to any person pursuant to an offer that is made on terms that such shares, debentures and units of shares and debentures of that corporation or such rights and interest in that trust are acquired at a consideration of not less than S$200,000 (or its equivalent foreign currency) for each transaction, whether such amount is to be paid for in cash or by exchange of securities or other assets; (2) where no consideration is given for the transfer; or (3) by operation of law. By accepting this document, the recipient hereof represents and warrants that he is entitled to receive such report in accordance with the restrictions set forth above and agrees to be bound by the limitations contained herein. Any failure to comply with these limitations may constitute a violation of law. Switzerland This document does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of Article 652a of the Swiss Code of Obligations. The securities of Hyde Park Acquisition Corp. II may not be sold directly or indirectly in or into Switzerland except in a manner which will not result in a public offering within the meaning of the Swiss Code of Obligations. Neither this document nor any other offering materials relating to the securities may be disturbed, published or otherwise 108 TABLE OF CONTENTS made available in Switzerland except in a manner which will not constitute a public offer of the securities of Hyde Park Acquisition Corp. II in Switzerland. United Kingdom Each underwriter has represented and agreed that it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of the securities in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of such Act does not apply to us and it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of such Act with respect to anything done by it in relation to any securities in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. LEGAL MATTERS Graubard Miller, New York, New York, is acting as our counsel in connection with the registration of our securities under the Securities Act of 1933, and as such, will pass upon the validity of the securities offered in this offering. ______, New York, New York, is acting as counsel to the underwriters. EXPERTS The financial statements of Hyde Park Acquisition Corp. II (a company in the development stage) as of April 28, 2011 and for the period from February 24, 2011 (inception) through April 28, 2011 appearing in this prospectus have been audited by Marcum LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their report, thereon (which contains an explanatory paragraph relating to substantial doubt about the ability of Hyde Park Acquisition Corp. II (a company in the development stage) to continue as a going concern as described in Note 1 to the financial statements), appearing elsewhere in this prospectus, and are included in reliance on such report given on the authority of such firm as an expert in auditing and accounting. 109 TABLE OF CONTENTS WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION We have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act with respect to the securities we are offering by this prospectus. This prospectus does not contain all of the information included in the registration statement. For further information about us and our securities, you should refer to the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules filed with the registration statement. Whenever we make reference in this prospectus to any of our contracts, agreements or other documents, the references are materially complete but may not include a description of all aspects of such contracts, agreements or other documents, and you should refer to the exhibits attached to the registration statement for copies of the actual contract, agreement or other document. Upon completion of this offering, we will be subject to the information requirements of the Exchange Act and will file annual, quarterly and current event reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You can read our SEC filings, including the registration statement, over the Internet at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov . You may also read and copy any document we file with the SEC at its public reference facility at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may also obtain copies of the documents at prescribed rates by writing to the Public Reference Section of the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the operation of the public reference facilities. 110 TABLE OF CONTENTS Hyde Park Acquisition Corp. II (A Company in the Development Stage) INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Financial Statements Balance Sheet F-3 Statement of Operations F-4 Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity F-5 Statement of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 – F-12 F-1 TABLE OF CONTENTS REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Hyde Park Acquisition Corp. II We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Hyde Park Acquisition Corp. II (a company in the development stage) (the “Company”) as of April 28, 2011 and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for the period from February 24, 2011 (inception) through April 28, 2011. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Hyde Park Acquisition Corp. II (a company in the development stage), as of April 28, 2011, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from February 24, 2011 (inception) through April 28, 2011 in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has no present revenue, its business plan is dependent on the completion of a financing and the Company’s cash and working capital as of April 28, 2011 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for the upcoming year. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans regarding these matters are also described in Notes 1 and 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. /s/ Marcum LLP New York, NY May 6, 2011 F-2 TABLE OF CONTENTS Hyde Park Acquisition Corp. II (A Company in the Development Stage) Balance Sheet April 28, 2011 Assets Assets Current Asset – Cash and cash equivalents $ 87,016 Deferred offering costs associated with proposed public offering 36,234 Total assets 123,250 Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity Current Liabilities: Notes payable to stockholders 100,000 Total current liabilities 100,000 Commitments Shareholders’ Equity: Preferred stock, $.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding — Common stock, $.0001 par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized; 2,524,391 shares issued and outstanding (1) 252 Additional paid-in capital 24,748 Deficit accumulated during the development stage (1,750 ) Total Stockholders’ Equity 23,250 Total Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity $ 123,250 (1) This number includes an aggregate of 329,269 shares that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters. Also includes 567,215 earn out shares (or 652,297 earn out shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is executed in full) that are subject to forfeiture if the last sales price of the Company’s stock does not equal or exceed $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30 trading day period following the closing of the Company’s initial Business Combination. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. F-3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Hyde Park Acquisition Corp. II (A Company in the Development Stage) Statement of Operations For The Period From February 24, 2011 (Inception) to April 28, 2011 Formation and operating costs $ 1,750 Net Loss $ (1,750 ) Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted (1) 1,627,907 Basic and diluted net loss per common share $ (0.00 ) (1) This number excludes an aggregate of 329,269 shares that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters. Also excludes 567,215 earn out shares (or 652,297 earn-out shares if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) that are subject to forfeiture if the last sales price of the Company’s stock does not equal or exceed $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30 trading day period following the closing of the Company’s initial Business Combination. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. F-4 TABLE OF CONTENTS Hyde Park Acquisition Corp. II (A Company in the Development Stage) Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity For The Period From February 24, 2011 (Inception) to April 28, 2011 Common Stock (1) Additional Paid-In Capital Deficit Accumulated During the Development Stage Total Stockholder’s Equity Shares Amount Balance – February 24, 2011 (Inception) — $ — $ — $ — $ — Common stock issued at approximately $0.01 per share to initial stockholders’, on April 28, 2011 2,524,391 252 24,748 — 25,000 Net loss — — — (1,750 ) (1,750 ) Balance – April 28, 2011 2,524,391 $ 252 $ 24,748 $ (1,750 ) $ 23,250 (1) This number includes an aggregate of 329,269 shares that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters. Also includes 567,215 earn out shares (or 652,297 earn out shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) that are subject to forfeiture if the last sales price of the Company’s stock does not equal or exceed $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30 trading day period following the closing of the Company’s initial Business Combination. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. F-5 TABLE OF CONTENTS Hyde Park Acquisition Corp. II (A Company in the Development Stage) Statement of Cash Flows For The Period From February 24, 2011 (Inception) to April 28, 2011 Operating Activities Net loss $ (1,750 ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Changes in operating assets and liabilities: — Net cash used in operating activities — Net Cash Used in Operating Activities (1,750 ) Financing Activities Proceeds from notes payable to stockholders 100,000 Proceeds from issuance of common stock to initial stockholders 25,000 Payment of deferred financing costs (36,234 ) Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 88,766 Net Increase in cash and cash equivalents 87,016 Cash and cash equivalents – beginning — Cash and cash equivalents – ending $ 87,016 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. F-6 TABLE OF CONTENTS HYDE PARK ACQUISITION CORP. II (a Company in the Development Stage) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 1 — Organization, Plan of Business Operations and Going Concern Consideration Hyde Park Acquisition Corp. II (a company in the development stage) (the “Company”) was incorporated in Delaware on February 24, 2011 as a blank check company whose objective is to acquire, through a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, plan of arrangement, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination, one or more businesses or entities (a “Business Combination”). The accompanying financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“US GAAP”) and pursuant to the accounting and disclosure rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). At April 28, 2011, the Company had not yet commenced any operations. All activity through April 28, 2011 relates to the Company’s formation and the proposed public offering described below. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year-end. The Company is considered to be a development stage company and, as such, the Company’s financial statements are prepared in accordance with the Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) topic 915 “Development Stage Entities.” The Company is subject to all of the risks associated with development stage companies. The Company’s ability to commence operations is contingent upon obtaining adequate financial resources through a proposed public offering of up to 10,000,000 units (or 11,500,000 units if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) (“Units”), at $10.00 per Unit which is discussed in Note 3 (the “Proposed Public Offering”) and the sale of 5,000,000 warrants (the “Sponsors’ Warrants”) at a price of $0.75 per warrant in a private placement to the Company’s initial stockholders (collectively, the “Sponsors”). The Company’s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of this Proposed Public Offering and the Sponsors’ Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. Furthermore, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to effect a Business Combination successfully. Upon the closing of the Proposed Public Offering, management has agreed that at least $9.98 per Unit sold (or $9.95 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) in the Proposed Public Offering, including the proceeds of the private placement of the Sponsors’ Warrants will be held in a trust account (“Trust Account”) and invested in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended the (“Investment Company Act”), having a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act until the earlier of the consummation of its first Business Combination and the Company’s failure to consummate a Business Combination within the prescribed time. Placing funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third party claims against the Company. Although the Company will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities it engages, execute agreements with the Company waiving any claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account, there is no guarantee that such persons will execute such agreements. The Company’s officers will agree that they will be jointly and severally liable under certain circumstances to ensure that the proceeds in the Trust Account are not reduced by the claims of target businesses or vendors or other entities that are owed money by the Company for services rendered, contracted for or products sold to the Company. However, they may not be able to satisfy those obligations should they arise. The remaining net proceeds (not held in the Trust Account) may be used to pay for business, legal and accounting due diligence on prospective acquisitions and continuing general and administrative expenses. The amount of proceeds not F-7 TABLE OF CONTENTS HYDE PARK ACQUISITION CORP. II (a Company in the Development Stage) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 1 — Organization, Plan of Business Operations and Going Concern Consideration - (continued) held in the trust account will remain constant at $1,000,000 even if the over-allotment is exercised. In addition, (1) funds can be released to the Company from the Trust Account necessary to purchase up to 50% of the shares sold in the Proposed Public Offering, (2) interest income on the funds held in the Trust Account can be released to the Company to pay its income and other tax obligations and (3) interest income on the funds held in the Trust Account can be released to the Company to pay for its working capital requirements in connection with searching for a Business Combination. The Company will either seek stockholder approval of any Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to convert their shares into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (net of taxes payable), or provide stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to the Company by means of a tender offer for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (net of taxes payable). The Company will proceed with a Business Combination only if it has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon consummation of the Business Combination and, solely if stockholder approval is sought, a majority of the outstanding shares of the Company voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. In connection with any stockholder vote required to approve any Business Combination, the Sponsors will agree (1) to vote any of their respective shares in favor of the initial Business Combination, (2) not to convert any of their respective shares, and (3) not to sell any of their respective shares to the Company pursuant to any tender offer described above. The Company’s Certificate of Incorporation will be amended prior to the Proposed Public Offering to provide that the Company will continue in existence only until 24 months from the effective date of the registration statement for the Proposed Public Offering. If the Company has not completed a Business Combination by such date, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares held by the public stockholders of the Company’ (“Public Stockholders”), at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including any interest but net of franchise and income taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company’s remaining stockholders and its board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to the Company’s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such event, the Public Stockholders will be entitled to receive a full pro rata interest in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be approximately $9.98 per share (or approximately $9.95 per share if the over-allotment option is exercised in full), plus any pro rata interest earned on the Trust Fund not previously released to the Company). Going Concern Consideration At April 28, 2011, the Company had $87,016 in cash and a deficit in working capital of $12,984. Further, the Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management plans to address this uncertainty through a Proposed Offering as discussed in Note 3. There is no assurance that the Company’s plans to raise capital or to consummate a business combination will be successful or F-8 TABLE OF CONTENTS HYDE PARK ACQUISITION CORP. II (a Company in the Development Stage) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 1 — Organization, Plan of Business Operations and Going Concern Consideration - (continued) successful within the target business acquisition period. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Note 2 — Significant Accounting Policies Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Loss per share Loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period excluding common stock subject to forfeiture. Weighted average shares was reduced for the effect of (i) an aggregate of 329,269 shares that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters and (ii) an aggregate of 567,215 earnout shares that are subject to forfeiture if the last sales price of the Company’s stock does not equal or exceed $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30 trading day period following the closing of the Company’s initial Business Combination. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Income Taxes The Company accounts for income taxes under ASC Topic 740 “Income Taxes” (“ASC 740”). ASC 740 requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for both the expected impact of differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities and for the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally requires a valuation allowance to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized. ASC 740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise’s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecoginition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim period, disclosure and transition. The Company is required to file income tax returns in the United States (federal) and in various state and local jurisdictions. Based on the Company’s evaluation, it has been concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company’s financial statements. Since the Company was incorporated on February 24, 2011, the evaluation was performed for the upcoming 2011 tax year, which will be the only period subject to examination. The Company believes that its income tax positions and deductions would be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material changes to its financial position. F-9 TABLE OF CONTENTS HYDE PARK ACQUISITION CORP. II (a Company in the Development Stage) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 2 — Significant Accounting Policies - (continued) The Company’s policy for recording interest and penalties associated with audits is to record such expense as a component of income tax expense. There were no amounts accrued for penalties or interest as of or during the period from February 24, 2011 (inception) through April 28, 2011. Management is currently unaware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviations from its position. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements. Subsequent Events The Company evaluates events that have occurred after the balance sheet date of April 28, 2011 through May 6, 2011, the date which these financial statements were available to be issued. Based upon the review, the Company did not identify any recognized or non-recognized subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements. Note 3 — Proposed Public Offering The Proposed Public Offering calls for the Company to offer for public sale up to 10,000,000 Units at a proposed offering price of $10.00 per Unit (plus up to an additional 1,500,000 Units solely to cover over-allotments, if any). Each Unit consists of one share of common stock in the Company and one Warrant to purchase one share of common stock of the Company (“Warrants”). Each Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of $11.50 commencing on the later of 30 days after the Company’s completion of a its initial Business Combination or 12 months from the closing of the Proposed Public Offering and expiring five years from the completion of a its initial Business Combination. The Company may redeem the Warrants at a price of $0.01 per Warrant upon 30 days’ notice, only in the event that the last sale price of the shares of common stock is at least $18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period (“30-Day Trading Period”) ending on the third day prior to the date on which notice of redemption is given, provided there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying such Warrants commencing five business days prior to the 30-Day Trading Period and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption. If the Company redeems the Warrants as described above, management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his Warrant to do so on a “cashless basis.” In accordance with the warrant agreement relating to the Warrants to be sold and issued in the Proposed Public Offering the Company is only required to use its best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of the registration statement covering the Warrants. If a registration statement is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of a Business Combination, public warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis. Note 4 — Deferred Offering Costs Deferred offering costs consist principally of legal, underwriting fees and other costs incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the Proposed Public Offering and that will be charged to stockholders’ equity upon the receipt of the capital raised. Should the Proposed Public Offering prove to be unsuccessful, these deferred costs as well as additional expenses to be incurred will be charged to operations. F-10 TABLE OF CONTENTS HYDE PARK ACQUISITION CORP. II (a Company in the Development Stage) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 5 — Notes Payable to Stockholders — Related Party The Company issued an aggregate of $100,000 principal amount unsecured promissory notes to the Company’s officers on April 20, 2011. The notes are non-interest bearing and payable on (i) April 27, 2012, (ii) the consummation of the Proposed Public Offering or (iii) the date on which the Company determines not to proceed with the Proposed Public Offering. Due to the short-term nature of the notes, the fair value of the notes approximates the carrying amount. Note 6 — Commitments The Company will enter into an agreement with the underwriters of the Proposed Public Offering (“Underwriting Agreement”). The Underwriting Agreement will require the Company to pay an underwriting discount of 2.5% of the gross proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering as an underwriting discount. The Company will also pay the underwriters in the Proposed Public Offering a deferred underwriting discount of 2.5% of the gross proceeds of the Proposed Public Offering which will be placed in the Trust Account. The amount of any aggregate Deferred Commissions paid to the underwriters will be reduced by the amount of any Deferred Commission earned on Units which included shares which have been converted, tendered or repurchased prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial Business Combination. The Company presently occupies office space provided by an affiliate of the Company’s Chief Executive Officer. Such affiliate has agreed that, until the Company consummates a Business Combination, it will make such office space, as well as certain office and secretarial services, available to the Company, as may be required by the Company from time to time. The Company has agreed to pay such affiliate $10,000 per month for such services commencing on the effective date of the Proposed Public Offering. The Sponsors have committed to purchase 5,000,000 Sponsors’ Warrants at $0.75 per warrant (for an aggregate purchase price of $3,750,000) from the Company. These purchases will take place concurrently with the consummation of the Proposed Public Offering. All of the proceeds received from the Sponsors’ Warrants purchases will be placed in the Trust Account. The Sponsors’ Warrants are identical to the Warrants included in the Units to be sold in the Proposed Public Offering except that the Sponsors’ Warrants: (i) will not be redeemable by the Company and (ii) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, as described in the registration statement relating to the Proposed Public Offering, so long as they are held by the initial purchaser or any of its permitted transferees. Additionally, the Sponsors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Sponsors’ Warrants, including the common stock issuable upon exercise of the Sponsors’ Warrants (except to certain permitted transferees), until 30 days after the completion of the Company’s initial Business Combination. The Sponsors will be entitled to registration rights with respect to their initial shares and the Sponsors’ Warrants (or underlying shares of common stock) pursuant to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the Proposed Public Offering. The holders of the majority of the initial shares are entitled to demand that the Company register these shares at any time commencing three months prior to the first anniversary of the consummation of a Business Combination. The holders of the Sponsors’ Warrants (or underlying shares of common stock) are entitled to demand that the Company register these securities at any time after the Company consummates a Business Combination. In addition, the Sponsors have certain “piggy-back” registration rights on registration statements filed after the Company’s consummation of a Business Combination. F-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS HYDE PARK ACQUISITION CORP. II (a Company in the Development Stage) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 7 — Stockholder Equity Preferred Stock The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share with such designation, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company’s board of directors. As of April 28, 2011, there are no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share. In connection with the organization of the Company, on April 28, 2011, a total of 2,524,391 shares of the Company’s common stock were sold to the Sponsors at a price of approximately $0.01 per share for an aggregate of $25,000. This number includes an aggregate of 329,269 shares that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters. This number also includes 567,215 earnout shares (or 652,297 earnout shares if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) that are subject to forfeiture if the last sales price of the Company’s stock does not equal or exceed $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period following the closing of the Company’s initial Business Combination. F-12 TABLE OF CONTENTS Until , 2011 ( 90 days after the date of this prospectus ), all dealers that buy, sell or trade our ordinary shares, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers’ obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions. No dealer, salesperson or any other person is authorized to give any information or make any representations in connection with this offering other than those contained in this prospectus and, if given or made, the information or representations must not be relied upon as having been authorized by us. This prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security other than the securities offered by this prospectus, or an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities by anyone in any jurisdiction in which the offer or solicitation is not authorized or is unlawful. $100,000,000 Hyde Park Acquisition Corp. II 10,000,000 Units PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS Deutsche Bank Securities EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. ______________, 2011 TABLE OF CONTENTS PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. The estimated expenses payable by us in connection with the offering described in this registration statement (other than the underwriting discount and commissions) will be as follows: Trustees’ fee $ 1,000 (1) SEC Registration Fee 13,352 FINRA filing fee 12,000 Accounting fees and expenses 40,000 Blue Sky costs 40,000 Printing and engraving expenses 40,000 Director & Officer liability insurance premiums 125,000 (2) Legal fees and expenses 200,000 Miscellaneous 28,648 (3) Total $ 500,000 (1) In addition to the initial acceptance fee that is charged by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee, the registrant will be required to pay to Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company upon consummation of this offering $16,100 for acting as trustee, as transfer agent of the registrant’s common stock, as warrant agent for the registrant’s warrants and as escrow agent. (2) This amount represents the approximate amount of director and officer liability insurance premiums the registrant anticipates paying following its initial public offering and until it consummates a business combination or liquidates, as the case may be. (3) This amount represents additional expenses that may be incurred by the registrant in connection with its initial public offering over and above those specifically listed above. Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers. Our certificate of incorporation provides that all directors, officers, employees and agents of the registrant shall be entitled to be indemnified by us to the fullest extent permitted by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law concerning indemnification of officers, directors, employees and agents is set forth below. “Section 145. Indemnification of officers, directors, employees and agents; insurance. (a) A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the person’s conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which the person II-1 TABLE OF CONTENTS reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that the person’s conduct was unlawful. (b) A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. (c) To the extent that a present or former director or officer of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections (a) and (b) of this section, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith. (d) Any indemnification under subsections (a) and (b) of this section (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the present or former director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because the person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in subsections (a) and (b) of this section. Such determination shall be made, with respect to a person who is a director or officer at the time of such determination, (1) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (2) by a committee of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (3) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (4) by the stockholders. (e) Expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by an officer or director in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding may be paid by the corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation as authorized in this section. Such expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by former directors and officers or other employees and agents may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the corporation deems appropriate. (f) The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, the other subsections of this section shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such person’s official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office. (g) A corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such II-2 TABLE OF CONTENTS person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such person’s status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under this section. (h) For purposes of this section, references to “the corporation” shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under this section with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. (i) For purposes of this section, references to “other enterprises” shall include employee benefit plans; references to “fines” shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to any employee benefit plan; and references to “serving at the request of the corporation” shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner “not opposed to the best interests of the corporation” as referred to in this section. (j) The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this section shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. (k) The Court of Chancery is hereby vested with exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine all actions for advancement of expenses or indemnification brought under this section or under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. The Court of Chancery may summarily determine a corporation’s obligation to advance expenses (including attorneys’ fees).” Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers, and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person in a successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to the court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. Paragraph B of Article Eighth of our certificate of incorporation provides: “The Corporation, to the full extent permitted by Section 145 of the GCL, as amended from time to time, shall indemnify all persons whom it may indemnify pursuant thereto. Expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by an officer or director in defending any civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative action, suit or proceeding for which such officer or director may be entitled to indemnification hereunder shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized hereby.” II-3 TABLE OF CONTENTS Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Registration Statement, we have agreed to indemnify the underwriters and the underwriters have agreed to indemnify us against certain civil liabilities that may be incurred in connection with this offering, including certain liabilities under the Securities Act. Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. (a) During the past three years, we sold the following shares of common stock without registration under the Securities Act: Stockholders Number of Shares Laurence S. Levy 1,166,008 Edward Levy 583,034 Knott Partners, LP 268,160 Knott Partners Offshore Master Fund, L.P. 152,069 Shoshone Partners, L.P. 80,679 Mulsanne Partners, L.P. 33,221 David M. Knott 137,840 Matthew Campbell 68,920 Greg Rice 34,460 Such shares were issued on April 28, 2011 in connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(2) of the Securities Act as the shares were sold to accredited investors. The shares issued were sold for an aggregate offering price of $25,000 at an average purchase price of approximately $0.01 per share. Our sponsors and/or their designees have committed to purchase from us 5,000,000 warrants at $0.75 per warrant (for an aggregate purchase price of $3,750,000). These purchases will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of our initial public offering. The issuances will be made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(2) of the Securities Act. II-4 TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. (a) The following exhibits are filed as part of this Registration Statement: Exhibit No. Description 1.1 Form of Underwriting Agreement.* 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation. 3.2 Form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.* 3.3 By-laws. 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate.* 4.2 Specimen Common Stock Certificate.* 4.3 Specimen Warrant Certificate.* 4.4 Form of Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.* 5.1 Opinion of Graubard Miller.* 10.1 Form of Letter Agreement from each of the Registrant’s sponsors, officers and directors.* 10.2 Form of Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.* 10.3 Form of Stock Escrow Agreement between the Registrant, Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and holders of Founders’ shares.* 10.4 Form of Promissory Note issued to each of Laurence S. Levy and Edward Levy. 10.5 Form of Registration Rights Agreement among the Registrant and the holders of Founders’ shares and Sponsors’ Warrants.* 10.6 Subscription Agreements among the Registrant, Graubard Miller and each of Purchaser of Sponsors’ Warrants.* 10.7 Administrative Services Agreement among the Registrant and ProChannel Management LLC.* 14 Code of Ethics.* 23.1 Consent of Marcum LLP. 23.2 Consent of Graubard Miller (included in Exhibit 5.1).* 24 Power of Attorney (included on signature page of this Registration Statement). * To be filed by amendment. Item 17. Undertakings. The undersigned hereby undertakes to provide to the underwriter at the closing specified in the underwriting agreements, certificates in such denominations and registered in such names as required by the underwriter to permit prompt delivery to each purchaser. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. II-5 TABLE OF CONTENTS The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that: (1) For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective. (2) For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. II-6 TABLE OF CONTENTS SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in New York, New York, on the 6 th day of May, 2011. HYDE PARK ACQUISITION CORP. II By: /s/ Laurence S. Levy Name: Laurence S. Levy Title: Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Laurence S. Levy and Edward Levy his true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities to sign any and all amendments including pre- and post-effective amendments to this registration statement, any subsequent registration statement for the same offering which may be filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and pre- or post-effective amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact or his substitute, each acting alone, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Name Position Date /s/ Laurence S. Levy Laurence S. Levy Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) May 6, 2011 /s/ Edward Levy Edward Levy Vice Chairman of the Board and President May 6, 2011
