FORM S-1 As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 13, 2011 Registration No. 333-_______ UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 JH DESIGNS, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada 7380 None (State or Other Jurisdiction of (Primary Standard Industrial (IRS Employer Incorporation or Organization) Classification Number) Identification Number) 11271 Ventura Blvd. #511 Studio City, California 91604 (818) 472-6001 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) Jonathan Hopp President and Chief Executive Officer JH Designs, Inc. 11271 Ventura Blvd. #511 Studio City, California 91604 (818) 472-6001 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies to: Thomas E. Puzzo, Esq. Law Offices of Thomas E. Puzzo, PLLC 4216 NE 70th Street Seattle, Washington 98115 Telephone No.: (206) 522-2256 Facsimile No.: (206) 260-0111 Approximate date of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable and from time to time after the effective date of this Registration Statement. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box. X . If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. . If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. . If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. . Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer . Accelerated filer . Non-accelerated filer . (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Smaller reporting company X . CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of Each Class Proposed Maximum Proposed Maximum of Securities Amount to Be Offering Price Aggregate Amount of to be Registered Registered (1) per Share Offering Price Registration Fee Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 1,170,000 (2) $ 0.20 (3) $ 234,000 $ 27.16 TOTAL 1,170,000 $ - $ 234,000 27.16 (1) In the event of a stock split, stock dividend or similar transaction involving our common stock, the number of shares registered shall automatically be increased to cover the additional shares of common stock issuable pursuant to Rule 416 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. (2) Represents the number of shares of common stock currently outstanding to be sold by the selling stockholders. (3) Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(o) of the Securities Act. THE REGISTRANT HEREBY AMENDS THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON SUCH DATE OR DATES AS MAY BE NECESSARY TO DELAY ITS EFFECTIVE DATE UNTIL THE REGISTRANT SHALL FILE A FURTHER AMENDMENT WHICH SPECIFICALLY STATES THAT THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT SHALL THEREAFTER BECOME EFFECTIVE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 8(A) OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, OR UNTIL THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT SHALL BECOME EFFECTIVE ON SUCH DATE AS THE COMMISSION, ACTING PURSUANT TO SECTION 8(A), MAY DETERMINE. 2 PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUBJECT TO COMPLETION DATED MAY 13, 2011 JH DESIGNS, INC. 1,170,000 SHARES OF COMMON STOCK This prospectus relates to the resale by certain selling stockholders of JH Designs, Inc. of up to 1,170,000 shares of common stock held by selling stockholders of JH Designs, Inc. We will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of the shares by the selling stockholders. The selling stockholders will be offering our shares of common stock at a fixed price of $0.20 per share until our shares are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board and thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. Each of the selling stockholders may be deemed to be an “underwriter” as such term is defined in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). There has been no market for our securities and a public market may never develop, or, if any market does develop, it may not be sustained. Our common stock is not traded on any exchange or on the over-the-counter market. After the effective date of the registration statement relating to this prospectus, we hope to have a market maker file an application with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority for our common stock to be eligible for trading on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board. We do not yet have a market maker who has agreed to file such application. There can be no assurance that our common stock will ever be quoted on a stock exchange or a quotation service or that any market for our stock will develop. OUR BUSINESS IS SUBJECT TO MANY RISKS AND AN INVESTMENT IN OUR SHARES OF COMMON STOCK WILL ALSO INVOLVE A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY CONSIDER THE FACTORS DESCRIBED UNDER THE HEADING “RISK FACTORS” BEGINNING ON PAGE 7 BEFORE INVESTING IN OUR SHARES OF COMMON STOCK. NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED OF THESE SECURITIES OR DETERMINED IF THIS PROSPECTUS IS TRUTHFUL OR COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. This prospectus is included in the registration statement that was filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The selling stockholders may not sell these securities until the registration statement becomes effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. The date of this prospectus is ________, 2011. 3 The following table of contents has been designed to help you find information contained in this prospectus. We encourage you to read the entire prospectus. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Prospectus Summary 5 Risk Factors 7 Risk Factors Relating to Our Company 7 Risk Factors Relating to Our Common Stock 8 Use of Proceeds 10 Determination of Offering Price 10 Selling Stockholders 10 Description of Securities 12 Plan of Distribution 14 Description of Business 16 Experts 16 Interests of Named Experts and Counsel 16 Description of Business 16 Our Executive Offices 17 Legal Proceedings 17 Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 17 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 18 Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons 21 Executive Compensation 22 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 23 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 23 Disclosure of Commission Position on Indemnification for Securities Act Liabilities 24 Where You Can Find More Information 24 Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 24 Financial Statements F-1 Until ___ ______, 2011 (90 business days after the effective date of this prospectus) all dealers that effect transactions in these securities whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealer’s obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions. 4 A CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus contains forward-looking statements which relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as “may”, “should”, “expects”, “plans”, “anticipates”, “believes”, “estimates”, “predicts”, “potential” or “continue” or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the section entitled “Risk Factors,” that may cause our or our industry’s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. While these forward-looking statements, and any assumptions upon which they are based, are made in good faith and reflect our current judgment regarding the direction of our business, actual results will almost always vary, sometimes materially, from any estimates, predictions, projections, assumptions or other future performance suggested herein. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. PROSPECTUS SUMMARY As used in this prospectus, references to the “Company,” “we,” “our”, “us” or “JH Designs, Inc.” refer to JH Designs, Inc. unless the context otherwise indicates. The following summary highlights selected information contained in this prospectus. Before making an investment decision, you should read the entire prospectus carefully, including the “Risk Factors” section, the financial statements, and the notes to the financial statements. OUR COMPANY JH Designs, Inc. was incorporated on July 29, 2010, under the laws of the State of Nevada, for the purpose of providing home staging and interior design services, currently focusing on customers in the San Fernando Valley and the West Side areas of Los Angeles, California. We are seeking to become a reporting issuer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, because we believe that this will provide us with greater access to capital, that we will become better known, and be able to obtain financing more easily in the future if investor interest in our business grows enough to sustain a secondary trading market in our securities. Additionally, we believe that being a reporting issuer increases our credibility and that we may be able to attract and retain more highly qualified personnel once we are not a shell company by potentially offering stock options, bonuses, or other incentives with a known market value. Since the date of our incorporation, we have raised an aggregate of $31,530 through private placements of our securities. Proceeds from these placements were used for working capital. On September 1, 2010, we entered into a LLC Membership Purchase Agreement with Mr. Hopp, whereby we acquired a 100% limited liability company interest in Staged for Success LLC, a California limited liability company (“Staged for Success”). Staged for Success LLC, formed on February 19, 2009, is an entity through which Mr. Hopp had operated a home staging and interior design services business since its formation. Staged for Success LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of JH Designs, Inc. The Company’s principal offices are located at 11271 Ventura Blvd. #511, Studio City, California 91604 and our telephone number is (818) 472-6001. We are registering the 1,170,000 shares of common stock held by selling stockholders pursuant to verbal representations to such stockholders that the Company would use its best efforts to register such shares for resale. 5 THE OFFERING Securities offered: The selling stockholders are offering hereby up to 1,170,000 shares of common stock. Offering price: The selling stockholders will offer and sell their shares of common stock at a fixed price of $0.20 per share until our shares are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, if our shares of common stock are ever quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, and thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. Shares outstanding prior to offering: 9,845,000 Shares outstanding after offering: 9,845,000 Market for the common shares: There is no public market for our shares. Our common stock is not traded on any exchange or on the over-the-counter market. After the effective date of the registration statement relating to this prospectus, we hope to have a market maker file an application with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) for our common stock to eligible for trading on the Over The Counter Bulletin Board. We do not yet have a market maker who has agreed to file such application. There is no assurance that a trading market will develop, or, if developed, that it will be sustained. Consequently, a purchaser of our common stock may find it difficult to resell the securities offered herein should the purchaser desire to do so when eligible for public resale. Use of proceeds: We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares by the selling stockholders SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION The tables and information below are derived from our audited financial statements for the period from February 19, 2009 (Inception) to December 31, 2010. The summary financial data as of December 31, 2010, and 2009 is derived from our audited financial statements, which are included elsewhere in this prospectus. December 31, 2010 ($) Financial Summary Cash and Deposits 12,719 Total Assets 16,719 Total Liabilities 43,808 Total Stockholder’s Equity (Deficit) (21,170) Accumulated From February 19, 2009 (Inception) to December 31, 2010 ($) Statement of Operations Total Expenses 140,093 Net Loss for the Period 89,261 Net Loss per Share (0.01) 6 RISK FACTORS An investment in our common stock involves a number of very significant risks. You should carefully consider the following known material risks and uncertainties in addition to other information in this prospectus in evaluating our company and its business before purchasing shares of our company’s common stock. You could lose all or part of your investment due to any of these risks. RISKS RELATING TO OUR COMPANY OUR INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM HAS EXPRESSED SUBSTANTIAL DOUBT ABOUT OUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN. Our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2010 and 2009 were prepared assuming that we will continue our operations as a going concern. We had a deficit accumulated during the development stage at December 31, 2010 and had a net loss and net cash used in operating activities for the fiscal year then ended. As a result, our independent accountants in their audit report have expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Continued operations are dependent on our ability to complete equity or debt financings or generate profitable operations. Such financings may not be available or may not be available on reasonable terms. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. WE MAY REQUIRE ADDITIONAL FUNDS WHICH WE PLAN TO RAISE THROUGH THE SALE OF OUR COMMON STOCK, WHICH REQUIRES FAVORABLE MARKET CONDITIONS AND INTEREST IN OUR ACTIVITIES BY INVESTORS. IF WE ARE NOT BE ABLE TO SELL OUR COMMON STOCK, FUNDING WILL NOT BE AVAILABLE FOR CONTINUED OPERATIONS, AND OUR BUSINESS WILL FAIL. We anticipate that our current cash of $12,719 will not be sufficient to operate our business beyond 6 months. Subsequent activities will require additional funding. Our only present means of funding is through the sale of our common stock. The sale of common stock requires favorable market conditions for development stage companies like ours, as well as specific interest in our stock, neither of which may exist if and when additional funding is required by us. If we are unable to raise additional funds in the future, our business will fail. WE HAVE A VERY LIMITED HISTORY OF OPERATIONS AND ACCORDINGLY THERE IS NO TRACK RECORD THAT WOULD PROVIDE A BASIS FOR ASSESSING OUR ABILITY TO CONDUCT A SUCCESSFUL HOME STAGING AND INTERIOR DESIGN BUSINESS. WE MAY NOT BE SUCCESSFUL IN CARRYING OUT OUR BUSINESS OBJECTIVES.\ We were incorporated on July 29, 2010 and to date, have been involved primarily in organizational activities and obtaining financing. Accordingly we have no track record of successful development activities, strategic decision making by management, fund-raising ability, and other factors that would allow an investor to assess the likelihood that we will be successful as a development stage company. Development stage companies often fail to achieve or maintain successful operations, even in favorable market conditions. There is a substantial risk that we will not be successful in our development activities, or if initially successful, in thereafter generating any operating revenues or in achieving profitable operations. OUR SOLE OFFICER AND DIRECTOR BENEFICIALLY OWNS A MAJORITY OF OUR STOCK, AND ACCORDINGLY, MAY HAVE CONTROL OVER STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, OUR BUSINESS AND MANAGEMENT. Jonathan Hopp, our sole officer and director beneficially owns 9,500,000 shares of our common stock in the aggregate, or approximately 96.4% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. As a result, our sole officer and director will have significant influence to: * Elect or defeat the election of our directors; * amend or prevent amendment of our articles of incorporation or bylaws; * effect or prevent a merger, sale of assets or other corporate transaction; and * affect the outcome of any other matter submitted to the stockholders for vote. Moreover, because of the significant ownership position held by our sole officer and director, new investors may not be able to effect a change in our business or management, and therefore, stockholders would have no recourse as a result of decisions made by management. In addition, sales of significant amounts of shares held by our sole officer and director, or the prospect of these sales, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Management’s stock ownership may discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us, which in turn could reduce our stock price or prevent our stockholders from realizing a premium over our stock price. 7 CURRENT MANAGEMENT’S LACK OF EXPERIENCE IN AND/OR WITH OPERATING A REPORTING ISSUER UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED, OR A PUBLIC COMPANY, MEANS THAT IT IS DIFFICULT TO ASSESS, OR MAKE JUDGMENTS ABOUT, OUR POTENTIAL SUCCESS. Our sole officer and director does not have any prior experience with running or operating a public company. With no direct training or experience in this area, our sole officer and director may not be fully aware of many of the specific requirements related to running a public company. For example, our sole officer and director’s decisions and choices may fail to take into account standard accounting and other managerial approaches public companies commonly use. Consequently, our operations, earnings, and ultimate financial success could suffer irreparable harm due to our sole officer and director’s future possible mistakes, lack of sophistication, judgment or experience in running and operating a public company. IF THE SELLING STOCKHOLDERS SELL A LARGE NUMBER OF SHARES ALL AT ONCE OR IN BLOCKS, THE MARKET PRICE OF OUR SHARES WOULD MOST LIKELY DECLINE. The selling stockholders are offering up to 1,170,000 shares of our common stock through this prospectus. Our common stock is presently not traded or quoted on any market or securities exchange, but should a market develop, shares sold at a price below the current market price at which the common stock is quoted will cause that market price to decline. Moreover, the offer or sale of a large number of shares at any price may cause the market price to fall. The outstanding shares of common stock covered by this prospectus represent approximately 8.7% of the common shares outstanding as of the date of this prospectus. RISKS RELATING TO OUR COMMON STOCK THERE IS NO LIQUIDITY AND NO ESTABLISHED PUBLIC MARKET FOR OUR COMMON STOCK AND WE MAY NOT BE SUCCESSFUL AT OBTAINING A QUOTATION ON A RECOGNIZED QUOTATION SERVICE. IN SUCH EVENT IT MAY BE DIFFICULT TO SELL YOUR SHARES. There is presently no public market in our shares. There can be no assurance that we will be successful at developing a public market or in having our common stock quoted on a quotation facility such as the OTC Bulletin Board. There are risks associated with obtaining a quotation, including that broker dealers will not be willing to make a market in our shares, or to request that our shares be quoted on a quotation service. In addition, even if a quotation is obtained, the OTC Bulletin Board and similar quotation services are often characterized by low trading volumes, and price volatility, which may make it difficult for an investor to sell our common stock on acceptable terms. If trades in our common stock are not quoted on a quotation facility, it may be very difficult for an investor to find a buyer for their shares in our Company. OUR COMMON STOCK IS SUBJECT TO THE “PENNY STOCK” RULES OF THE SEC AND THE TRADING MARKET IN OUR SECURITIES IS LIMITED, WHICH MAKES TRANSACTIONS IN OUR STOCK CUMBERSOME AND MAY REDUCE THE VALUE OF AN INVESTMENT IN OUR STOCK. Under U.S. federal securities legislation, our common stock will constitute “penny stock.” Penny stock is any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require that a broker or dealer approve a potential investor’s account for transactions in penny stocks, and the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. In order to approve an investor’s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must obtain financial information and investment experience objectives of the person, and make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared by the Commission relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination. Brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the “penny stock” rules. This may make it more difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock. Disclosure also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. 8 WE MAY, IN THE FUTURE, ISSUE ADDITIONAL COMMON SHARES, WHICH WOULD REDUCE INVESTORS’ PERCENT OF OWNERSHIP AND MAY DILUTE OUR SHARE VALUE. Our Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance of 100,000,000 shares of common stock and 25,000,000 shares of “blank check” preferred stock. As of the date of this prospectus, the Company had 9,845,000 shares of common stock outstanding and no shares of preferred stock outstanding. Accordingly, we may issue up to an additional 90,155,000 shares of common stock and 25,000,000. The future issuance of common stock and/or preferred stock may result in substantial dilution in the percentage of our common stock held by our then existing stockholders. We may value any common stock issued in the future on an arbitrary basis. The issuance of common stock for future services or acquisitions or other corporate actions may have the effect of diluting the value of the shares held by our investors, and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for our common stock. THERE IS NO CURRENT TRADING MARKET FOR OUR SECURITIES AND IF A TRADING MARKET DOES NOT DEVELOP, PURCHASERS OF OUR SECURITIES MAY HAVE DIFFICULTY SELLING THEIR SHARES. There is currently no established public trading market for our securities and an active trading market in our securities may not develop or, if developed, may not be sustained. We intend to have an application filed for admission to quotation of our securities on the OTC Bulletin Board after this prospectus is declared effective by the SEC. If for any reason our common stock is not quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board or a public trading market does not otherwise develop, purchasers of the shares may have difficulty selling their common stock should they desire to do so. No market makers have committed to becoming market makers for our common stock and none may do so. ANTI-TAKEOVER EFFECTS OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF NEVADA STATE LAW HINDER A POTENTIAL TAKEOVER OF OUR COMPANY. Though not now, in the future we may become subject to Nevada’s control share law. A corporation is subject to Nevada’s control share law if it has more than 200 stockholders, at least 100 of whom are stockholders of record and residents of Nevada, and it does business in Nevada or through an affiliated corporation. The law focuses on the acquisition of a “controlling interest” which means the ownership of outstanding voting shares sufficient, but for the control share law, to enable the acquiring person to exercise the following proportions of the voting power of the corporation in the election of directors: (i) one-fifth or more but less than one-third, (ii) one-third or more but less than a majority, or (iii) a majority or more. The ability to exercise such voting power may be direct or indirect, as well as individual or in association with others. The effect of the control share law is that the acquiring person, and those acting in association with it, obtains only such voting rights in the control shares as are conferred by a resolution of the stockholders of the corporation, approved at a special or annual meeting of stockholders. The control share law contemplates that voting rights will be considered only once by the other stockholders. Thus, there is no authority to strip voting rights from the control shares of an acquiring person once those rights have been approved. If the stockholders do not grant voting rights to the control shares acquired by an acquiring person, those shares do not become permanent non-voting shares. The acquiring person is free to sell its shares to others. If the buyers of those shares themselves do not acquire a controlling interest, their shares do not become governed by the control share law. If control shares are accorded full voting rights and the acquiring person has acquired control shares with a majority or more of the voting power, any stockholder of record, other than an acquiring person, who has not voted in favor of approval of voting rights is entitled to demand fair value for such stockholder’s shares. Nevada’s control share law may have the effect of discouraging takeovers of the corporation. In addition to the control share law, Nevada has a business combination law which prohibits certain business combinations between Nevada corporations and “interested stockholders” for three years after the “interested stockholder” first becomes an “interested stockholder,” unless the corporation’s board of directors approves the combination in advance. For purposes of Nevada law, an “interested stockholder” is any person who is (i) the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation, or (ii) an affiliate or associate of the corporation and at any time within the three previous years was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of the corporation. The definition of the term “business combination” is sufficiently broad to cover virtually any kind of transaction that would allow a potential acquiror to use the corporation’s assets to finance the acquisition or otherwise to benefit its own interests rather than the interests of the corporation and its other stockholders. The effect of Nevada’s business combination law is to potentially discourage parties interested in taking control of us from doing so if it cannot obtain the approval of our board of directors. 9 BECAUSE WE DO NOT INTEND TO PAY ANY CASH DIVIDENDS ON OUR COMMON STOCK, OUR STOCKHOLDERS WILL NOT BE ABLE TO RECEIVE A RETURN ON THEIR SHARES UNLESS THEY SELL THEM. We intend to retain any future earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Unless we pay dividends, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them. There is no assurance that stockholders will be able to sell shares when desired. USE OF PROCEEDS This prospectus relates to shares of our common stock that may be offered and sold from time to time by the selling stockholders. We will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of the common shares being offered for sale by the selling stockholders. DETERMINATION OF THE OFFERING PRICE The selling stockholders will sell our shares at $0.20 per share until our shares are quoted on the OTCBB, and thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. This price was arbitrarily determined by us. SELLING STOCKHOLDERS The following table sets forth the shares beneficially owned, as of May 13, 2011, by the selling stockholders prior to the offering by existing stockholders contemplated by this prospectus, the number of shares each selling stockholder is offering by this prospectus and the number of shares which each would own beneficially if all such offered shares are sold. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission rules. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the Securities and Exchange Commission rules, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary beneficial interest. Except as noted below, each person has sole voting and investment power. The percentages below are calculated based on 9,845,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of may 13, 2011. We do not have any outstanding options, warrants or other securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of our common stock. 10 Name of Selling Shareholder Shares Owned Before the Offering Total Number of Shares to be Offered for the Security Holder’s Account Total Shares Owned After the Offering is Complete Percentage of Shares owned After the Offering is Complete J on athan Hopp (1) 9,500,000 855,000 9,145,000 92.8 Kevin Sands 50,000 50,000 0 0 Harvey Carmichael 10,000 10,000 0 0 Kelly Leger 10,000 10,000 0 0 Joe D. Thomas 10,000 10,000 0 0 AZCAP, LLC (2) 10,000 10,000 0 0 Shaylene Carter 10,000 10,000 0 0 Ardeth Celano 10,000 10,000 0 0 Claudia Donato 10,000 10,000 0 0 Dorothy Shuput 10,000 10,000 0 0 George Shuput 10,000 10,000 0 0 Solitude Diversified, Inc. (3) 10,000 10,000 0 0 Alissa Terry 10,000 10,000 0 0 Cassie Bugnet 10,000 10,000 0 0 Kelly Jo Campos 10,000 10,000 0 0 KJC, LLC (4) 10,000 10,000 0 0 David Maynes 10,000 10,000 0 0 WECO Leasing & Investments, Inc. (5) 10,000 10,000 0 0 Rebecca Silverman 10,000 10,000 0 0 Arlene Faiman 10,000 10,000 0 0 John Shaw 10,000 10,000 0 0 Kamar De Los Reyes 5,000 5,000 0 0 Kelly Fisher 5,000 5,000 0 0 Kevin Fisher 5,000 5,000 0 0 Nathan Fisher 5,000 5,000 0 0 Nathan R. Fisher 5,000 5,000 0 0 Patrick Fisher 5,000 5,000 0 0 Scott Olson 5,000 5,000 0 0 Charlie Ramsey 5,000 5,000 0 0 Kara Dubois 5,000 5,000 0 0 Laura Dubois 5,000 5,000 0 0 William Haugh 5,000 5,000 0 0 MBA Holdings, LLC (6) 5,000 5,000 0 0 Rebecca Perhacs 5,000 5,000 0 0 Red Bank Capital, LLC (7) 5,000 5,000 0 0 Antony Their 5,000 5,000 0 0 Total 9,815,000 1,170,000 0 0 (1) President and Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and sole Director. (2) Voting or investment power of AZCAP, LLC held by Kerry Carter. (3) Voting or investment power of Solitude Diversified, Inc. held by Warren Carter. (4) Voting or investment power of KJC, LLC held by Kiel Christiansen. (5) Voting or investment power of WECO Leasing & Investments, Inc. held by Warren Carter. (6) Voting or investment power of MBA Holdings, LLC held by Mark Beychok. (7) Voting or investment power of Red Bank Capital, LLC held by Patricia Torchyn. None of the selling stockholders has a relationship with us other than as a shareholder, has ever been one of our officers or directors, or is a broker-dealer registered under the Securities Exchange Act, as amended, or an affiliate of such a broker-dealer. 11 We may require the selling stockholders to suspend the sales of the securities offered by this prospectus upon the occurrence of any event that makes any statement in this prospectus, or the related registration statement, untrue in any material respect, or that requires the changing of the statements in these documents in order to make statements in those documents not misleading. We will file a post-effective amendment to the registration statement to reflect any such material changes to this prospectus. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES GENERAL There is no established public trading market for our common stock. Our authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, with $0.001 par value per share, and 25,000,000 shares of “blank check” preferred stock, with no par value. As of May 13, 2011, there were 9,845,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding that were held by 37 registered stockholders of record, and no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. COMMON STOCK The following is a summary of the material rights and restrictions associated with our common stock. This description does not purport to be a complete description of all of the rights of our stockholders and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the provisions of our most current Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, which are included as exhibits to this Registration Statement. The holders of our common stock currently have (i) equal ratable rights to dividends from funds legally available therefore, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors of the Company; (ii) are entitled to share ratably in all of the assets of the Company available for distribution to holders of common stock upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company (iii) do not have preemptive, subscription or conversion rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights applicable thereto; and (iv) are entitled to one non-cumulative vote per share on all matters on which stock holders may vote. Our Bylaws provide that at all meetings of the stockholders for the election of directors, a plurality of the votes cast shall be sufficient to elect. On all other matters, except as otherwise required by Nevada law or the Articles of Incorporation, a majority of the votes cast at a meeting of the stockholders shall be necessary to authorize any corporate action to be taken by vote of the stockholders. A “plurality” means the excess of the votes cast for one candidate over any other. When there are more than two competitors for the same office, the person who receives the greatest number of votes has a plurality. Please refer to the Company’s Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws and the applicable statutes of the State of Nevada for a more complete description of the rights and liabilities of holders of the Company’s securities. BLANK CHECK PREFERRED STOCK The following is a summary of the material rights and restrictions associated with our preferred stock. This description does not purport to be a complete description of all of the rights of our stockholders and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the provisions of our most current Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, which are included as exhibits to this Registration Statement. Our Board of Directors is authorized to determine or alter any or all of the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to or imposed upon any wholly unissued series of preferred stock and, within the limitations or restrictions stated in any resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors originally fixing the number of shares constituting any series, to increase or decrease (but not below the number of shares of any such series then outstanding) the number of shares comprising any such series subsequent to the issue of shares of that series, to set the designation of any series, and to provide for rights and terms of redemption, conversion, dividends, voting rights, and liquidation preferences of the shares of any such series. 12 NEVADA ANTI-TAKEOVER LAWS The Nevada Business Corporation Law contains a provision governing “Acquisition of Controlling Interest.” This law provides generally that any person or entity that acquires 20% or more of the outstanding voting shares of a publicly-held Nevada corporation in the secondary public or private market may be denied voting rights with respect to the acquired shares, unless a majority of the disinterested stockholders of the corporation elects to restore such voting rights in whole or in part. The control share acquisition act provides that a person or entity acquires “control shares” whenever it acquires shares that, but for the operation of the control share acquisition act, would bring its voting power within any of the following three ranges: (1) 20 to 33 1/3%, (2) 33 1/3 to 50%, or (3) more than 50%. A “control share acquisition” is generally defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of either ownership or voting power associated with issued and outstanding control shares. The stockholders or board of directors of a corporation may elect to exempt the stock of the corporation from the provisions of the control share acquisition act through adoption of a provision to that effect in the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of the corporation. Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws do not exempt our common stock from the control share acquisition act. The control share acquisition act is applicable only to shares of “Issuing Corporations” as defined by the act. An Issuing Corporation is a Nevada corporation, which; (1) has 200 or more stockholders, with at least 100 of such stockholders being both stockholders of record and residents of Nevada; and (2) does business in Nevada directly or through an affiliated corporation. At this time, we do not have 100 stockholders of record resident of Nevada. Therefore, the provisions of the control share acquisition act do not apply to acquisitions of our shares and will not until such time as these requirements have been met. At such time as they may apply to us, the provisions of the control share acquisition act may discourage companies or persons interested in acquiring a significant interest in or control of the Company, regardless of whether such acquisition may be in the interest of our stockholders. The Nevada “Combination with Interested Stockholders Statute” may also have an effect of delaying or making it more difficult to effect a change in control of the Company. This statute prevents an “interested stockholder” and a resident domestic Nevada corporation from entering into a “combination,” unless certain conditions are met. The statute defines “combination” to include any merger or consolidation with an “interested stockholder,” or any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition, in one transaction or a series of transactions with an “interested stockholder” having; (1) an aggregate market value equal to 5 percent or more of the aggregate market value of the assets of the corporation; (2) an aggregate market value equal to 5 percent or more of the aggregate market value of all outstanding shares of the corporation; or (3) representing 10 percent or more of the earning power or net income of the corporation. An “interested stockholder” means the beneficial owner of 10 percent or more of the voting shares of a resident domestic corporation, or an affiliate or associate thereof. A corporation affected by the statute may not engage in a “combination” within three years after the interested stockholder acquires its shares unless the combination or purchase is approved by the board of directors before the interested stockholder acquired such shares. If approval is not obtained, then after the expiration of the three-year period, the business combination may be consummated with the approval of the board of directors or a majority of the voting power held by disinterested stockholders, or if the consideration to be paid by the interested stockholder is at least equal to the highest of: (1) the highest price per share paid by the interested stockholder within the three years immediately preceding the date of the announcement of the combination or in the transaction in which he became an interested stockholder, whichever is higher; (2) the market value per common share on the date of announcement of the combination or the date the interested stockholder acquired the shares, whichever is higher; or (3) if higher for the holders of preferred stock, the highest liquidation value of the preferred stock. The effect of Nevada’s business combination law is to potentially discourage parties interested in taking control of Omega Water Corp. from doing so if it cannot obtain the approval of our board of directors. RULE 144 AND REGISTRATION AGREEMENTS All 9,845,000 shares of our issued and outstanding shares of our common stock are “restricted securities” under Rule 144, promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, but none of those 9,845,000 shares can be resold under Rule 144 or are subject to any registration agreement. DIVIDEND POLICY We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the expansion of our business. As a result, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 13 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION As of the date of this prospectus, there is no market for our securities. After the date of this prospectus, we expect to have an application filed with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority for our common stock to be eligible for trading on the OTC Bulletin Board. Until our common stock becomes eligible for trading on the OTC Bulletin Board, the selling stockholders will be offering our shares of common stock at a fixed price of $0.20 per common share. After our common stock becomes eligible for trading on the OTC Bulletin Board, the selling stockholders may, from time to time, sell all or a portion of the shares of common stock on OTC Bulletin Board, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. After our common stock becomes eligible for trading on the OTC Bulletin Board, such sales may be at fixed prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to the market prices or at negotiated prices. After our common stock becomes eligible for trading on the OTC Bulletin Board, the shares of common stock being offered for resale by this prospectus may be sold by the selling stockholders by one or more of the following methods, without limitation: * ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker solicits purchasers; * privately negotiated transactions; * market sales (both long and short to the extent permitted under the federal securities laws); * at the market to or through market makers or into an existing market for the shares; * through transactions in options, swaps or other derivatives (whether exchange listed or otherwise); and * a combination of any of the aforementioned methods of sale. In the event of the transfer by any of the selling stockholders of its shares of common stock to any pledgee, donee or other transferee, we will amend this prospectus and the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part by the filing of a post-effective amendment in order to have the pledgee, donee or other transferee in place of the selling stockholder who has transferred his, her or its shares. In effecting sales, brokers and dealers engaged by the selling stockholders may arrange for other brokers or dealers to participate. Brokers or dealers may receive commissions or discounts from a selling stockholder or, if any of the broker-dealers act as an agent for the purchaser of such shares, from a purchaser in amounts to be negotiated which are not expected to exceed those customary in the types of transactions involved. Before our common stock becomes eligible for trading on the OTC Bulletin Board, broker-dealers may agree with a selling stockholder to sell a specified number of the shares of common stock at a price per share of $0.20. After our common stock becomes eligible for trading on the OTC Bulletin Board, broker-dealers may agree with a selling stockholder to sell a specified number of the shares of common stock at a stipulated price per share. Such an agreement may also require the broker-dealer to purchase as principal any unsold shares of common stock at the price required to fulfill the broker-dealer commitment to the selling stockholder if such broker-dealer is unable to sell the shares on behalf of the selling stockholder. Broker-dealers who acquire shares of common stock as principal may thereafter resell the shares of common stock from time to time in transactions which may involve block transactions and sales to and through other broker-dealers, including transactions of the nature described above. After our common stock becomes eligible for trading on the OTC Bulletin Board, such sales by a broker-dealer could be at prices and on terms then prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to the then-current market price or in negotiated transactions. In connection with such re-sales, the broker-dealer may pay to or receive from the purchasers of the shares commissions as described above. The selling stockholders and any broker-dealers or agents that participate with the selling stockholders in the sale of the shares of common stock may be deemed to be “underwriters” within the meaning of the Securities Act in connection with these sales. In that event, any commissions received by the broker-dealers or agents and any profit on the resale of the shares of common stock purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts under the Securities Act. From time to time, any of the selling stockholders may pledge shares of common stock pursuant to the margin provisions of customer agreements with brokers. Upon a default by a selling stockholder, their broker may offer and sell the pledged shares of common stock from time to time. After our common stock becomes eligible for trading on the OTC Bulletin Board, upon a sale of the shares of common stock, the selling stockholders intend to comply with the prospectus delivery requirements under the Securities Act by delivering a prospectus to each purchaser in the transaction. We intend to file any amendments or other necessary documents in compliance with the Securities Act that may be required in the event any of the selling stockholders defaults under any customer agreement with brokers. To the extent required under the Securities Act, a post effective amendment to this registration statement will be filed disclosing the name of any broker-dealers, the number of shares of common stock involved, the price at which the shares of common stock is to be sold, the commissions paid or discounts or concessions allowed to such broker-dealers, where applicable, that such broker-dealers did not conduct any investigation to verify the information set out or incorporated by reference in this prospectus and other facts material to the transaction. 14 We and the selling stockholders will be subject to applicable provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations under it, including, without limitation, Rule 10b-5 and, insofar as a selling stockholder is a distribution participant and we, under certain circumstances, may be a distribution participant, under Regulation M. All of the foregoing may affect the marketability of the shares of common stock. All expenses of the registration statement including, but not limited to, legal, accounting, printing and mailing fees are and will be borne by us. Any commissions, discounts or other fees payable to brokers or dealers in connection with any sale of the shares of common stock will be borne by the selling stockholders, the purchasers participating in such transaction, or both. Any shares of common stock covered by this prospectus which qualify for sale pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act, as amended, may be sold under Rule 144 rather than pursuant to this prospectus. PENNY STOCK RULES The Securities Exchange Commission has also adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in “penny stocks” as such term is defined by Rule 15g-9. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than $5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system). The shares offered by this prospectus constitute penny stock under the Securities and Exchange Act. The shares will remain penny stock for the foreseeable future. The classification of penny stock makes it more difficult for a broker-dealer to sell the stock into a secondary market, which makes it more difficult for a purchaser to liquidate his or her investment. Any broker-dealer engaged by the purchaser for the purpose of selling his or her shares in our company will be subject to the penny stock rules. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the Commission, which: (i) contains a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; (ii) contains a description of the broker’s or dealer’s duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to a violation to such duties or other requirements of Securities’ laws; (iii) contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; (iv) contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; (v) defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and (vi) contains such other information and is in such form as the Commission shall require by rule or regulation. The broker-dealer also must provide to the customer, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, (i) bid and offer quotations for the penny stock; (ii) the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; (iii) the number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; and (iv) monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer’s account. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules; the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser’s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements will have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our stock because it will be subject to these penny stock rules. Therefore, stockholders may have difficulty selling those securities. REGULATION M During such time as we may be engaged in a distribution of any of the shares we are registering by this registration statement, we are required to comply with Regulation M. In general, Regulation M precludes any selling stockholder, any affiliated purchasers and any broker-dealer or other person who participates in a distribution from bidding for or purchasing, or attempting to induce any person to bid for or purchase, any security which is the subject of the distribution until the entire distribution is complete. Regulation M defines a “distribution” as an offering of securities that is distinguished from ordinary trading activities by the magnitude of the offering and the presence of special selling efforts and selling methods. Regulation M also defines a “distribution participant” as an underwriter, prospective underwriter, broker, dealer, or other person who has agreed to participate or who is participating in a distribution. Regulation M under the Exchange Act prohibits, with certain exceptions, participants in a distribution from bidding for or purchasing, for an account in which the participant has a beneficial interest, any of the securities that are the subject of the distribution. Regulation M also governs bids and purchases made in order to stabilize the price of a security in connection with a distribution of the security. We have informed the selling stockholders that the anti-manipulation provisions of Regulation M may apply to the sales of their shares offered by this prospectus, and we have also advised the selling stockholders of the requirements for delivery of this prospectus in connection with any sales of the common stock offered by this prospectus. 15 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS ORGANIZATION SINCE INCEPTION ON JULY 29, 2010 On July 29, 2010, the Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada. We are engaged in the business of providing home staging and interior design services focusing on clients in the San Fernando Valley and the west side areas of Los Angeles, California. We plan to expand our business to other areas of the United States if we have the resources available to make such an expansion. We are a development stage company and cannot state with certainty whether we will ever achieve profitability. We have limited revenues, have minimal assets and have incurred losses since inception. Jonathan Hopp has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer, from August 4, 2010, until the current date. Our board of directors is comprised of one person: Jonathan Hopp. On September 1, 2010, we entered into a LLC Membership Purchase Agreement with Mr. Hopp, whereby for $1.00 we acquired a 100% limited liability company interest in Staged for Success LLC, a California limited liability company, which was owned 100% by Mr. Hopp. Staged for Success LLC, formed on February 19, 2009, is an entity through which Mr. Hopp had operated a home staging and interior design services business. Staged for Success LLC (“Staged for Success”) is a wholly owned subsidiary of JH Designs, Inc. We operate our business through our Staged for Success LLC, which has operated a home staging and interior design services business since its inception. There is no established public trading market for our common stock. Our authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, with $0.001 par value per share, and 25,000,000 shares of “blank check” preferred stock, with no par value. As of may 13, 2011, there were 9,845,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding that were held by 37 registered stockholders of record, and no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. On August 5, 2010, we issued Mr. Hopp 9,500,000 shares of common stock in exchange for him acting as our President and Chief Executive Officer for a term of one year, which term ends on August 5, 2011. IN GENERAL We are a development stage company engaged in the business of providing home staging and interior design services focusing on clients in the San Fernando Valley and the west side areas of Los Angeles, California. Our design vision is that of Jonathan Hopp, our sole officer and director, whose home staging and design method and design has formed from over two decades of experience. We have not little in the way revenues to date, have minimal assets and have incurred losses since inception. Our plan of operation is forward-looking. It is likely that we will not be able to achieve profitability and might need to cease operations due to the lack of funding. Our independent public accounting firm has issued an audit opinion which includes a statement expressing substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. We have no current plans, proposals or arrangements, written or otherwise, to seek a business combination with another entity in the near future. HOME STAGING AND INTERIOR DESIGN SERVICES We provide home staging and interior design services to sellers of residential properties. Real estate agents are our primary customers. We define “home staging” is the act of preparing the interior appearance of a private residence for sale in the real estate marketplace by the placement of furnishings, including furniture, art work and accessories, in the residence for the purpose of enhancing the appeal of the residence to potential purchasers of the residence. Our home staging strategy is twofold. We use the interior furnishing of a residence as a device to (i) visually emphasize the best qualities of the interior design of a residence and (ii) make the residence appeal to the highest number of potential purchasers. A residence successfully staged by us will improve the ability of a seller to sell a residence and obtain a higher price of the residence than if the residence were not staged. Our home staging techniques focus on improving a property's appeal by transforming it into a welcoming, attractive product that anyone might want. Once the home closes escrow we remove the inventory and use it in the next project. 16 MARKETING Marketing Our primary means of marketing will be through our subsidiary, Staged for Success, LLC, which is, in turn, currently marketed primarily on Facebook and MySpace. We will also develop a website to help promote sales and reach out to consumers and the building industry. We will attempt to market our website in the United States through interior design magazines, trade shows and conventions and conferences. COMPETITIVE CONDITIONS The home staging and interior design services business is an extremely competitive industry. We are competing with many other home staging and interior design services companies in the Los Angeles area who provide home staging and interior design services. We are a very early stage home staging and interior design services company and a very small participant in the home staging and interior design services business. Being a development stage home staging and interior design services company, we compete with other companies like ours for financing. GOVERNMENT APPROVALS AND RECOMMENDATIONS We will be required to comply with all regulations, rules and directives of governmental authorities and agencies applicable to the construction and operation of any facility in any jurisdiction which we would conduct activities. We do not believe that government regulation will have a material impact on the way we conduct our business because there are no special licenses, permits or regulations specific to our business. EMPLOYEES We currently have no employees. John Hopp, our sole officer and director, is a non-employee officer and director. OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICES Our executive offices are located at 11271 Ventura Blvd. #511, Studio City, California 91604. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS There are no pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party or in which any director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more than 5% of any class of voting securities of the Company, or stockholder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse to the Company. The Company’s mineral claim is not the subject of any pending legal proceedings. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS MARKET INFORMATION ADMISSION TO QUOTATION ON THE OTC BULLETIN BOARD We intend to have our common stock be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. If our securities are not quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, a stockholder may find it more difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of our securities. The OTC Bulletin Board differs from national and regional stock exchanges in that it: (1) is not situated in a single location but operates through communication of bids, offers and confirmations between broker-dealers, and (2) securities admitted to quotation are offered by one or more broker-dealers rather than the “specialist” common to stock exchanges. To qualify for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board, an equity security must have one registered broker-dealer, known as the market maker, willing to list bid or sale quotations and to sponsor the company listing. We do not yet have an agreement with a registered broker-dealer, as the market maker, willing to list bid or sale quotations and to sponsor the Company listing. If the Company meets the qualifications for trading securities on the OTC Bulletin Board our securities will trade on the OTC Bulletin Board until a future time, if at all, that we apply and qualify for admission to quotation on the NASDAQ Capital Market. We may not now and it may never qualify for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board or be accepted for listing of our securities on the NASDAQ Capital Market. 17 TRANSFER AGENT We have not retained a transfer agent to serve as transfer agent for shares of our common stock. Until we engage such a transfer agent, we will be responsible for all record-keeping and administrative functions in connection with the shares of our common stock. HOLDERS As of May 13, 2011, the Company had 9,845,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding held by 37 holders of record. The selling stockholders are offering hereby up to 1,170,000 shares of common stock at fixed price of $0.20 per share. DIVIDEND POLICY We have not declared or paid dividends on our common stock since our formation, and we do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. Declaration or payment of dividends, if any, in the future, will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our then current financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors. There are no contractual restrictions on our ability to declare or pay dividends. See the Risk Factor entitled “ BECAUSE WE DO NOT INTEND TO PAY ANY CASH DIVIDENDS ON OUR COMMON STOCK, OUR STOCKHOLDERS WILL NOT BE ABLE TO RECEIVE A RETURN ON THEIR SHARES UNLESS THEY SELL THEM.” SECURITIES AUTHORIZED UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS We have no equity compensation or stock option plans. We may in the future adopt a stock option plan as our mineral exploration activities progress. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION Certain statements contained in this prospectus, including statements regarding the anticipated development and expansion of our business, our intent, belief or current expectations, primarily with respect to the future operating performance of the Company and the products we expect to offer and other statements contained herein regarding matters that are not historical facts, are “forward-looking” statements. Future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, future press releases and future oral or written statements made by us or with our approval, which are not statements of historical fact, may contain forward-looking statements, because such statements include risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. We undertake no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they are made. PLAN OF OPERATION Our plan of operation for the twelve months following the date of this prospectus is as follows: Item Estimated Cost Anticipated Date of Completion from Date of this Prospectus · Hire computer consultant to install new computer system and inventory programs $16,000 one time cost 120 days · Develop a training program for employees for staging systems $10,000 one time cost 120 days · Add 2 employees experienced in interior design and staging $100,000 per year 60 days · Hire a consultant for sales and development of marketing programs and speaking engagements $36,000 annually ongoing · Implement monthly staging newsletter $12,000 annually ongoing · Engage retailers to sponsor furnishing for staging $12,000 annually 120 days · Complete first draft of book by June 1, and have complete by September 1 $25,000 Complete and in editing · Improve website by client testimonials, video of staging projects, and newsletter articles $12,000 one time cost and $1,200 annually 120 days Total Estimated Cost: $201,000 18 In addition to the $201,000 we anticipate spending for the plan of operation as outlined in the chart immediately above, we anticipate spending an additional $25,000 on general and administration expenses including fees payable in connection with the filing of our registration statement and complying with reporting obligations, and general administrative costs. Total expenditures over the next 12 months are therefore expected to be approximately $226,000. We will experience a shortage of funds prior to funding. While we may utilize funds from our Jonathan Hopp, however they have no formal commitment, arrangement or legal obligation to advance or loan funds to the company. We will require additional funding to commence with our plan of operation; we have no current plans on how to raise the additional funding. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient funds to proceed with any work after the first phase of the exploration program. ACCOUNTING AND AUDIT PLAN We intend to continue to have our current accountants prepare our quarterly and annual financial statements and have these financial statements reviewed or audited by our independent public accounting firm. Our accountants are to charge us approximately $750 to prepare our quarterly financial statements and approximately $2,000 to prepare our annual financial statements. Our independent public accounting firm is expected to charge us approximately $1,500 to review our quarterly financial statements and approximately $4,000 to audit our annual financial statements. In the next twelve months, we anticipate spending approximately $7,000 to pay for our accounting and audit requirements. SEC FILING PLAN We intend to become a reporting company in 2011 after our registration statement on Form S-1 is declared effective. This means that we will file documents with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on a quarterly basis. We expect to incur filing costs of approximately $2,000 per quarter to support our quarterly and annual filings. In the next twelve months, we anticipate spending approximately $10,000 for legal costs in connection with our three quarterly filings, annual filing, and costs associated with filing the registration statement to register our common stock. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS During the period from inception February 14, 2009 through December 31, 2010,Our activities have been financed from the proceeds of share subscriptions. From our inception to December 31, 2010 we have raised a total of $31,500 from private offerings of our common stock. For the period from inception to December 31, 2010, we incurred total expenses of $140,093, consisting of $10 of advertising and promotion, $5,092 of depreciation expense, $12,046 of insurance expense, $11,478 of payroll expense, $31,061 of professional fees, $24,530 of storage rental, $20,466 of office rental and $24,989 of general and administration expenses. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES At December 31, 2010, we had a cash balance of $12,719. Our expenditures over the next 12 months are expected to be approximately $226,000. We must raise approximately $226,000, to complete our plan of operation for the next 12 months. Additional funding will likely come from equity financing from the sale of our common stock, if we are able to sell such stock. If we are successful in completing an equity financing, existing stockholders will experience dilution of their interest in our Company. We do not have any financing arranged and we cannot provide investors with any assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient funding from the sale of our common stock to fund our exploration activities. In the absence of such financing, our business will fail. There are no assurances that we will be able to achieve further sales of our common stock or any other form of additional financing. If we are unable to achieve the financing necessary to continue our plan of operations, then we will not be able to continue our exploration of the Claims and our business will fail. 19 GOING CONCERN CONSIDERATION Although we have recognized some nominal amount of revenues since inception, we are still devoting substantially all of our efforts on establishing the business and, therefore, still qualifies as a development stage company From inception to December 31, 2010, the Company had accumulated losses of $89,261. Our independent public accounting firm included an explanatory paragraph in their report on the accompanying financial statements regarding concerns about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements contain additional note disclosures describing the circumstances that lead to this disclosure by our independent public accounting firm. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability or classification of asset-carrying amounts or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. OFF BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS. We have no off-balance sheet arrangements including arrangements that would affect our liquidity, capital resources, market risk support and credit risk support or other benefits. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES BASIS OF PRESENTATION The financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America and are presented in US dollars. The Company’s fiscal year-end is December 31. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS The Company considers all highly liquid investments with original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. USE OF ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY The Company is a development stage company as defined by section 915-10-20 of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT The Company’s financial instrument consisted of cash and accounts payable. Unless otherwise noted, it is management’s opinion the Company is not exposed to significant interest, currency or credit risks arising from this financial instrument. Because of the short maturity of such assets and liabilities the fair value of these financial instruments approximate their carrying values, unless otherwise noted. INCOME TAXES Potential benefits of income tax losses are not recognized in the accounts until realization is more likely than not. The Company has adopted ASC 740-10-50 “Accounting for Income Taxes” as of its inception. Pursuant to the standard, the Company is required to compute tax asset benefits for net operating losses carried forward. 20 BASIC AND DILUTED NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE The Company computes net income (loss) per share in accordance with ASC 260-10-4-5, “Earnings per Share.” The standard requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common stockholders (numerator) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding (denominator) during the period. Diluted EPS gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period including stock options, using the treasury stock method, and convertible preferred stock, using the if-converted method. In computing diluted EPS, the average stock price for the period is used in determining the number of shares assumed to be purchased from the exercise of stock options or warrants. Diluted EPS excludes all dilutive potential common shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS In February 2010, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2010-09, “Amendments to Certain Recognition and Disclosure Requirements” (“ASU 2010-09”), which is included in the FASB Accounting Standards CodificationTM ( the “ASC”) Topic 855 (Subsequent Events). ASU 2010-09 clarifies that an SEC filer is required to evaluate subsequent events through the date that the financial statements are issued. ASU 2010-09 is effective upon the issuance of the final update and did not have a significant impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements. In June 2009, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued SFAS No. 168, FASB Accounting Standards Codification and the Hierarchy of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, a replacement of SFAS No. 162 (“Statement 168”). Statement 168 establishes the FASB Accounting Standards Codification as the source of authoritative accounting principles recognized by the FASB to be applied in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. Statement 168 explicitly recognizes rules and interpretive releases of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) under federal securities laws as authoritative GAAP for SEC registrants. Statement 168 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years and interim periods ending after September 15, 2009. The Company has adopted Statement 168 for the year ended December 31, 2010. Other pronouncements issued by the FASB or other authoritative accounting standards groups with future effective dates are either not applicable or are not expected to be significant to the financial statements of the Company. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS The Directors and Officers currently serving our Company is as follows: Name Age Positions and Offices Mr. Jonathan Hopp (1) 49 President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director (1) c/o JH Designs, Inc., 11271 Ventura Blvd. #511, Studio City, California 91604. The director named above will serve until the next annual meeting of the stockholders or until his respective resignation or removal from office. Thereafter, directors are anticipated to be elected for one-year terms at the annual stockholders’ meeting. Officers will hold their positions at the pleasure of the Board of Directors, absent any employment agreement, of which none currently exists or is contemplated. JONATHAN HOPP Mr. Hopp has served as our President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and a Director since July 29, 2010. With over 25 years in the design industry, Jonathan Hopp’s specialty is integrated design. Each element plays an important part in the overall concept and contributes to a project’s success. Most recently, Mr. Hopp has completed “ Interior Bliss: How to Decorate Like A Pro Without Breaking The Bank .” The book is dedicated teaching the tips and strategies employed in the staging company “Staged For Success”. “Interior Bliss” is a useful guide offering ways to address lighting, color, home organization as well as interior furnishing design and selection. The goal of Interior Bliss is to maximize the value of design and create well designed, affordable home. As Owner and Principal of Staged For Success , now a subsidiary of JH Designs, Inc., Mr. Hopp has consulted with clients to determine a course of action to prepare a house for sale. For over a decade, Jonathan Hopp Interior Design has worked with clients in all aspects of interior design and construction projects. From interior finish designs and construction consultation to furniture selection, specification and purchasing, past projects have ranged in size from condominiums to 14,000 square foot homes in the Los Angeles area. Mr. Hopp has been published in Good Housekeeping Magazine as well as Valley Magazine. He has also appeared on Designer’s Challenge and Beautiful Homes and Great Estates . 21 DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Our board of directors is currently composed of one member, whom does not qualify as an independent director in accordance with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market (the Company has no plans to list on the NASDAQ Global Market). The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director, nor any of his family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, our board of directors has not made a subjective determination as to our director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. Had our board of directors made these determinations, our board of directors would have reviewed and discussed information provided by our director and us with regard to our director’s business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management. SIGNIFICANT EMPLOYEES AND CONSULTANTS Our officer and director, Jonathan Hopp, in not an employee of the Company. Mr. Hopp is an independent contractor/consultant to the Company. We currently have no employees. CONFLICTS OF INTEREST Since we do not have an audit or compensation committee comprised of independent directors, the functions that would have been performed by such committees are performed by our director. The Board of Directors has not established an audit committee and does not have an audit committee financial expert, nor has the Board established a nominating committee. The Board is of the opinion that such committees are not necessary since the Company is an early development stage company and has only one director, and to date, such director has been performing the functions of such committees. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in that our director and officer has the authority to determine issues concerning management compensation, nominations, and audit issues that may affect management decisions. Other than as described above, we are not aware of any other conflicts of interest of our executive officer and director. INVOLVEMENT IN CERTAIN LEGAL PROCEEDINGS There are no legal proceedings that have occurred since our incorporation concerning our director, or control persons which involved a criminal conviction, a criminal proceeding, an administrative or civil proceeding limiting one’s participation in the securities or banking industries, or a finding of securities or commodities law violations. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE The table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our officers for all services rendered in all capacities to us for the fiscal periods indicated. Non-Equity Name and Incentive Nonqualified Principal Stock Option Plan Deferred All Other Position Year Salary($) Bonus($) Awards($) Awards($) Compensation($) Compensation($) Compensation($) Total($) Jonathan Hopp (1) 2010 0 0 9,500 (2)(3) 0 0 0 0 ____ (1) President and Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director. (2) Pursuant to a Letter Agreement, dated August 5, 2010, by and between Registrant and Jonathan Hopp, our sole officer and director, we issued Mr. Hopp 9,500,000 shares of common stock, at a value of $0.001 per share in exchange for him acting as our President and Chief Executive Officer for a term of one year, which term ends on August 5, 2011. (3) This valuation was calculated as of the grant date fair value in accordance with FASB 718. 22 STOCK OPTION GRANTS We have not granted any stock options to our executive officer since our inception. Upon the further development of our business, we will likely grant options to directors and officers consistent with industry standards for junior mineral exploration companies. EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS Pursuant to a Letter Agreement, dated August 5, 2010, by and between Registrant and Jonathan Hopp, our sole officer and director, we issued Mr. Hopp 9,500,000 shares of common stock, at a value of $0.001 per share in exchange for him acting as our President and Chief Executive Officer for a term of one year, which term ends on August 5, 2011. DIRECTOR COMPENSATION The following table sets forth director compensation as of December 31, 2010: Fees Non-Equity Nonqualified Earned Incentive Deferred Paid in Stock Option Plan Compensation All Other Name Cash($) Awards($) Awards($) Compensation($) Earnings($) Compensation($) Total($) Jonathan Hopp 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 We currently do not pay any compensation to our director serving on our board of directors. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table lists, as of may 13, 2011, the number of shares of common stock of our Company that are beneficially owned by (i) each person or entity known to our Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding common stock; (ii) each officer and director of our Company; and (iii) all officers and directors as a group. Information relating to beneficial ownership of common stock by our principal stockholders and management is based upon information furnished by each person using “beneficial ownership” concepts under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the Securities and Exchange Commission rules, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary beneficial interest. Except as noted below, each person has sole voting and investment power. The percentages below are calculated based on 9,845,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of May 13, 2011. We do not have any outstanding warrant, options or other securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of our common stock. Name and Address Number of Shares Percent of Title of Class of Beneficial Owner Owned Beneficially Class Owned Common Stock: Mr. Jonathan Hopp, President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director (1) 9,500,000 96.4 % All executive officers and directors as a group 9,500,000 96.4 % (1) c/o JH Designs, Inc., 11271 Ventura Blvd. #511, Studio City, California 91604. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS Pursuant to a Letter Agreement, dated August 5, 2010, by and between Registrant and Jonathan Hopp, our sole officer and director, we issued Mr. Hopp 9,500,000 shares of common stock in exchange for him acting as our President and Chief Executive Officer for a term of one year, which term ends on August 5, 2011. 23 On September 1, 2010, we entered into a LLC Membership Purchase Agreement with Mr. Hopp, whereby for $1.00 we acquired a 100% limited liability company interest in Staged for Success LLC, a California limited liability company, which was owned 100% by Mr. Hopp. Staged for Success LLC, formed on February 19, 2009, is an entity through which Mr. Hopp had operated a home staging and interior design services business. Staged for Success LLC (“Staged for Success”) is a wholly owned subsidiary of JH Designs, Inc. DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES Our Bylaws provide to the fullest extent permitted by law that our directors or officers, former directors and officers, and persons who act at our request as a director or officer of a body corporate of which we are a shareholder or creditor shall be indemnified by us. We believe that the indemnification provisions in our By-laws are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling the Company pursuant to provisions of the State of Nevada, the Company has been informed that, in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We have filed with the Commission a Registration Statement on Form S-1, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, with respect to the securities offered by this prospectus. This prospectus, which forms a part of the registration statement, does not contain all the information set forth in the registration statement, as permitted by the rules and regulations of the Commission. For further information with respect to us and the securities offered by this prospectus, reference is made to the registration statement. We do not file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and we will not otherwise be subject to the proxy rules. The registration statement and other information may be read and copied at the Commission’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330. The Commission maintains a web site at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the Commission. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE Consent of Li & Company, PC, is our registered independent public accounting firm. There have not been any changes in or disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure or any other matter. 24 JH Designs, Inc. (A Development Stage Company) December 31, 2010 and 2009 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Contents Page(s) Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2010 and 2009 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2010, for the Period from February 19, 2009 (Inception) through December 31, 2009 and for the Period from February 19, 2009 (Inception) through December 31, 2010 F-5 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders’ Deficit for the Period from February 19, 2009 (Inception) through December 31, 2010 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31, 2010, for the Period from February 19, 2009 (Inception) through December 31, 2009 and for the Period from February 19, 2009 (Inception) through December 31, 2010 F-7 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 F-1 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of JH Designs, Inc. (A development stage company) Studio City, California We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of JH Designs, Inc., a development stage company (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2010 and 2009 and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders’ deficit and cash flows for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010, for the period from February 19, 2009 (Inception) through December 31, 2009 and for the period from February 19, 2009 (Inception) through December 31, 2010. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits . We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2010 and 2009 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010, for the period from February 19, 2009 (Inception) through December 31, 2009 and for the period from February 19, 2009 (Inception) through December 31, 2010 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company had a deficit accumulated during the development stage at December 31, 2010 and had a net loss and net cash used in operating activities for the fiscal year then ended. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans in regards to these matters are also described in Note 3. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. /s/Li & Company, PC Li & Company, PC Skillman, New Jersey May 13, 2010 F-2 JH Designs, Inc. and Subsidiary (A Development Stage Company) Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2010 December 31, 2009 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS Cash $ 12,719 $ 542 Prepaid expenses 4,000 - Total current assets 16,719 542 FIXED ASSETS Computer equipment 10,761 10,761 Less accumulated depreciation (5,092) (2,544) Total fixed assets 5,669 8,217 OTHER ASSETS Security deposit 250 250 Total Assets $ 22,638 $ 9,009 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT CURRENT LIABILITIES: Line of credit $ 15,699 $ 10,527 Accrued expenses 10,400 - Notes payable 13,200 38,004 Advances from the majority stockholder and Chief Executive Officer 4,509 - 43,808 48,531 Total current liabilities 43,808 48,531 STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT Member's capital - 3,535 Preferred stock: $0.001 par value; 25,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding - - Common stock: $0.001 par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized; 9,845,000 and 9,500,000 shares issued and outstanding, respectively 9,845 9,500 Additional paid-in capital (2,296) - Deficit accumulated during the development stage (28,719) (52,557) Total stockholders' deficit (21,170) (39,522) Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit $ 22,638 $ 9,009 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. F-3 JH Designs, Inc. and Subsidiary (A Development Stage Company) Consolidated Statements of Operations For the Period from For the Period from For the Year February 19, 2009 February 19, 2009 Ended (Inception) through (Inception) through December 31, 2010 December 31, 2009 December 31, 2010 Net Revenues $ 5,243 $ 129,702 $ 134,945 Cost of Services - 83,686 83,686 Gross Profit 5,243 46,016 51,259 Operating Expenses Advertising and promotion 7,997 2,435 10,432 Depreciation expense 2,548 2,544 5,092 Insurance expense 883 11,163 12,046 Payroll expenses - 11,478 11,478 Professional fees 26,150 4,911 31,061 Rent - storage - 24,530 24,530 Rent - office 2,200 18,266 20,466 General and administrative 2,169 22,820 24,989 Total operating expenses 41,947 98,146 140,093 Loss from Operations (36,704) (52,130) (88,834) Other (Income) Expenses Interest expense - 427 427 Total other (income) expense - 427 427 Loss before Income Taxes (36,704) (52,557) (89,261) Income Taxes - - - Net Loss $ (36,704) $ (52,557) $ (89,261) Pro Forma: Loss before Income Taxes (36,704) (52,557) (89,261) Pro Forma Income Tax Provision - - - Pro Forma Net Income (Loss) $ (36,704) $ (52,557) $ (89,261) NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE - BASIC AND DILUTED: $ (0.00) $ (0.01) Weighted average common shares outstanding - Basic and Diluted 9,583,640 9,500,000 See accompanying notes to the financial statements. F-4 JH Designs, Inc. and Subsidiary (A Development Stage Company) Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Deficit For the period February 19, 2009 (inception) through December 31, 2010 Deficit Additional Accumulated Total Member's Common Stock, $0.001 Par Value Paid-In during the Stockholders' Capital Shares Amount Capital Development stage Deficit February 19, 2009 ( inception ) $ - - $ - $ - $ - $ - Shares issued to founder for membership interest upon formation 9,500,000 9,500 (9,500) - Member's capital contributed 3,535 3,535 Net loss (52,557) (52,557) Balance, December 31, 2009 3,535 9,500,000 9,500 (9,500) (52,557) (49,022) Member's capital contributed for the period from January 1, 2010 through July 29, 2010 33,026 33,026 Net loss for the period from January 1, 2010 through July 29, 2010 (7,984) (7,984) Reclassification of LLC member capital as additional paid-in capital (36,561) 36,561 - Reclassification of accumulated deficit and net loss as of July 29, 2010 (60,541) 60,541 - Shares issued for cash at $0.001 par value per share on August 4, 2010 30,000 30 30 Shares issued for cash at $0.1 per share 315,000 315 31,185 31,500 Net loss for the period from July 30, 2010 through December 30, 2010 (28,720) (28,720) Balance December 31, 2010 $ - 9,845,000 $ 9,845 $ (2,295) $ (28,720) $ (21,170) See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. F-5 JH Designs, Inc. and Subsidiary (A Development Stage Company) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Period from For the Period from For the Year February 19, 2009 February 19, 2009 Ended (Inception) through (Inception) through December 31, 2010 December 31, 2009 December 31, 2010 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net loss $ (36,704) $ (52,557) $ (89,261) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation 2,548 2,544 5,092 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses (4,000) - (4,000) Security deposit - (250) (250) Accrued expenses 10,402 - 10,402 NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES (27,754) (50,263) (78,017) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchase of fixed assets - (10,761) (10,761) NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES - (10,761) (10,761) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Line of credit 5,172 10,527 15,699 Proceed from notes payable - 58,999 58,999 Repayment of notes payable (24,805) (20,995) (45,800) Proceeds from majority stockholder 4,509 - 4,509 Proceeds from sale of common shares 31,500 - 31,500 Member's capital 23,555 13,035 36,590 NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 39,931 61,566 101,497 NET CHANGE IN CASH 12,177 542 12,719 Cash at beginning of period 542 - - Cash at end of period $ 12,719 $ 542 $ 12,719 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOWS INFORMATION: Interest paid $ - $ - $ - Income tax paid $ - $ - $ - See accompanying notes to the financial statements. F-6 JH Designs, Inc. (A Development Stage Company) December 31, 2010 and 2009 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION AND OPERATIONS On February 19, 2009, Mr. Jonathan Hopp formed Staged for Success LLC (“LLC”), a single member LLC under the laws of the State of California. LLC engages in home staging and interior design services business. JH Designs, Inc. (the “Company”), was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on July 29, 2010. Upon formation the Company issued 9,500,000 shares of its common stock to Mr. Jonathan Hopp, the founder, in exchange for the existing business of the LLC. No value was given to the stock issued by the newly formed corporation. Therefore, the shares were recorded to reflect the $.001 par value and paid in capital was recorded as a negative amount ($9,500). The sole purpose of the formation of the Company is to acquire Staged for Success LLC, a single member LLC owned and operating by Mr. Jonathan Hopp. The Company was inactive prior to the acquisition of Staged for Success LLC. Merger of Staged for Success, LLC On September 1, 2010, the Company acquired from Mr. Jonathan Hopp, the 100% interest in LLC for one (1) dollar. The acquisition of LLC (“Predecessor”) by the Company has been accounted for as a reverse acquisition for financial accounting purposes. The reverse acquisition is deemed a capital transaction and the net assets of Predecessor (the accounting acquirer) are carried forward to the Company (the legal acquirer and the reporting entity) at their carrying value before the combination. The acquisition process utilizes the capital structure of the Company and the assets and liabilities of Predecessor which are recorded at historical cost. The equity of the Company is the historical equity of Predecessor retroactively restated to reflect the number of shares issued by the Company in the transaction. The Company applied paragraph 505-10-S99-3 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (formerly Topic 4B of the Staff Accounting Bulletins (“SAB”) (“SAB Topic 4B”) issued by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), by reclassifying the single member LLC’s owner capital account inclusive of capital contribution of $3,535 and a deficit accumulated during the development stage of ($60,541) to additional paid-in capital as of July 29, 2010. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared as if the Company had its corporate capital structure as of the first date of the first period presented. NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis of presentation The Company’s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”). The accompanying consolidated financial statements include all of the accounts of the Company as of December 31, 2010 and for the period from July 29, 2010 (inception) through December 31, 2010. LLC is included as of December 31, 2010 and 2009, for the year ended December 31, 2010 and for the period from February 19, 2009 (date of formation) through December 31, 2009. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. Development stage company The Company is a development stage company as defined by section 915-10-20 of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification. Although the Company has recognized some nominal amount of revenues since inception, the Company is still devoting substantially all of its efforts on establishing the business and, therefore, still qualifies as a development stage company. All losses accumulated since inception have been considered as part of the Company’s development stage activities. F-7 Use of estimates The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates include the estimated useful lives of property and equipment. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Cash equivalents The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Fair value of financial instruments The Company follows paragraph 825-10-50-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (“Paragraph 820-10-35-37”) to measure the fair value of its financial instruments. Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. To increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements and related disclosures, Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three (3) broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The three (3) levels of fair value hierarchy defined by Paragraph 820-10-35-37 are described below: Level 1 Quoted market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Level 2 Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. Level 3 Pricing inputs that are generally observable inputs and not corroborated by market data. The carrying amount of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities, such as cash, prepaid expenses and accrued expenses approximate their fair value because of the short maturity of those instruments. The Company’s line of credit and notes payable approximate the fair value of such instruments based upon management’s best estimate of interest rates that would be available to the Company for similar financial arrangements at December 31, 2010 and 2009. The Company does not have any assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring or a non-recurring basis, consequently, the Company did not have any fair value adjustments for assets and liabilities measured at fair value at December 31, 2010 or 2009; no gains or losses are reported in the consolidated statements of operations that are attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to those assets and liabilities still held at the reporting date ended December 31, 2010 or for the period from February 19, 2009 (inception) through December 31, 2009. Computer equipment Computer equipment is recorded at cost. Expenditures for major additions and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Depreciation of computer equipment is computed by the straight-line method (after taking into account their respective estimated residual values) over the assets estimated useful life of five (5) years. Upon sale or retirement of computer equipment, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in statements of operations. Impairment of long-lived assets The Company follows paragraph 360-10-05-4 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for its long-lived assets. The Company’s long-lived assets, which includes computer equipment is reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. F-8 The Company assesses the recoverability of its long-lived assets by comparing the projected undiscounted net cash flows associated with the related long-lived asset or group of long-lived assets over their remaining estimated useful lives against their respective carrying amounts. Impairment, if any, is based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of those assets. Fair value is generally determined using the asset’s expected future discounted cash flows or market value, if readily determinable. If long-lived assets are determined to be recoverable, but the newly determined remaining estimated useful lives are shorter than originally estimated, the net book values of the long-lived assets are depreciated over the newly determined remaining estimated useful lives. The Company determined that there were no impairments of long-lived assets as of December 31, 2010 or 2009. Commitments and contingencies The Company follows subtopic 450-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report accounting for contingencies. Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims, assessments, litigation, fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated. Revenue recognition The Company follows paragraph 605-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for revenue recognition. The Company will recognize revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned. The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer, (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. Income taxes The Company was a single member LLC, until July 29, 2010 during which time the Company was treated as a disregarded entity for income tax purposes. The operating results prior to July 29, 2010 of LLC were included in the tax return of the Company’s founder. Effective July 29, 2010, the Company follows Section 740-10-30 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, which requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the fiscal year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent management concludes it is more likely than not that the assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the fiscal years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company adopted section 740-10-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (“Section 740-10-25”) with regards to uncertainty income taxes. Section 740-10-25 addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under Section 740-10-25, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent (50%) likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Section 740-10-25 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures. The Company had no material adjustments to its liabilities for unrecognized income tax benefits according to the provisions of Section 740-10-25. Unaudited pro forma income tax information The operating results prior to July 29, 2010 of LLC were included in the tax return of the Company’s founder for income tax purposes. The unaudited pro forma income tax amounts included in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and income taxes note reflect the provision for income taxes which would have been recorded if the Company had been incorporated as of the beginning of the first date presented. F-9 Net income (loss) per common share Net income (loss) per common share is computed pursuant to section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Basic net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock and potentially outstanding shares of common stock during the period. The weighted average number of common shares outstanding and potentially outstanding common shares assumes that the Company incorporated as of the beginning of the first period presented. There were no potentially dilutive shares outstanding as of December 31, 2010 or 2009. Cash flows reporting The Company adopted paragraph 230-10-45-24 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for cash flows reporting, classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether they stem from operating, investing, or financing activities and provides definitions of each category, and uses the indirect or reconciliation method (“Indirect method”) as defined by paragraph 230-10-45-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting net income to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating activities by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating cash receipts and payments and (b) all items that are included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments. The Company reports the reporting currency equivalent of foreign currency cash flows, using the current exchange rate at the time of the cash flows and the effect of exchange rate changes on cash held in foreign currencies is reported as a separate item in the reconciliation of beginning and ending balances of cash and cash equivalents and separately provides information about investing and financing activities not resulting in cash receipts or payments in the period pursuant to paragraph 830-230-45-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Subsequent events The Company follows the guidance in Section 855-10-50 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the disclosure of subsequent events. The Company will evaluate subsequent events through the date when the financial statements were issued. Pursuant to ASU 2010-09 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, the Company as an SEC filer considers its financial statements issued when they are widely distributed to users, such as through filing them on EDGAR. Recently issued accounting pronouncements In January 2010, the FASB issued the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2010-06 “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures (Topic 820) Improving Disclosures about Fair Value Measurements” , which provides amendments to Subtopic 820-10 that requires new disclosures as follows: 1. Transfers in and out of Levels 1 and 2. A reporting entity should disclose separately the amounts of significant transfers in and out of Level 1 and Level 2 fair value measurements and describe the reasons for the transfers. 2. Activity in Level 3 fair value measurements. In the reconciliation for fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3), a reporting entity should present separately information about purchases, sales, issuances, and settlements (that is, on a gross basis rather than as one net number). This Update provides amendments to Subtopic 820-10 that clarify existing disclosures as follows: 1. Level of disaggregation. A reporting entity should provide fair value measurement disclosures for each class of assets and liabilities. A class is often a subset of assets or liabilities within a line item in the statement of financial position. A reporting entity needs to use judgment in determining the appropriate classes of assets and liabilities. 2. Disclosures about inputs and valuation techniques. A reporting entity should provide disclosures about the valuation techniques and inputs used to measure fair value for both recurring and nonrecurring fair value measurements. Those disclosures are required for fair value measurements that fall in either Level 2 or Level 3. This Update also includes conforming amendments to the guidance on employers' disclosures about postretirement benefit plan assets (Subtopic 715-20). The conforming amendments to Subtopic 715-20 change the terminology from major categories of assets to classes of assets and provide a cross reference to the guidance in Subtopic 820-10 on how to determine appropriate classes to present fair value disclosures. The new disclosures and clarifications of existing disclosures are effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2009, except for the disclosures about purchases, sales, issuances, and settlements in the roll forward of activity in Level 3 fair value measurements. Those disclosures are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2010, and for interim periods within those fiscal years. F-10 In April 2010, the FASB issued ASU No. 2010-13, “ Compensation—Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Effect of Denominating the Exercise Price of a Share-Based Payment Award in the Currency of the Market in Which the Underlying Equity Security Trades” (“ASU 2010-13”). This update provides amendments to Topic 718 to clarify that an employee share-based payment award with an exercise price denominated in the currency of a market in which a substantial portion of the entity’s equity securities trades should not be considered to contain a condition that is not a market, performance, or service condition. Therefore, an entity would not classify such an award as a liability if it otherwise qualifies as equity. The amendments in ASU 2010-13 are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning on or after December 15, 2010. In August 2010, the FASB issued ASU 2010-21, “Accounting for Technical Amendments to Various SEC Rules and Schedules: Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Release No. 33-9026: Technical Amendments to Rules, Forms, Schedules and Codification of Financial Reporting Policies” (“ASU 2010-21”) , was issued to conform the SEC’s reporting requirements to the terminology and provisions in ASC 805, Business Combinations , and in ASC 810-10, Consolidation . ASU No. 2010-21 was issued to reflect SEC Release No. 33-9026, “Technical Amendments to Rules, Forms, Schedules and Codification of Financial Reporting Policies,” which was effective April 23, 2009. The ASU also proposes additions or modifications to the XBRL taxonomy as a result of the amendments in the update. In August 2010, the FASB issued ASU 2010-22, “Accounting for Various Topics: Technical Corrections to SEC Paragraphs” (“ASU 2010-22”) , which amends various SEC paragraphs based on external comments received and the issuance of SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No. 112, which amends or rescinds portions of certain SAB topics. The topics affected include reporting of inventories in condensed financial statements for Form 10-Q, debt issue costs in conjunction with a business combination, sales of stock by subsidiary, gain recognition on sales of business, business combinations prior to an initial public offering, loss contingent and liability assumed in business combination, divestitures, and oil and gas exchange offers. In December 2010, the FASB issued the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2010-28 “Intangibles—Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): When to Perform Step 2 of the Goodwill Impairment Test for Reporting Units with Zero or Negative Carrying Amounts” (“ASU 2010-28”). Under ASU 2010-28, if the carrying amount of a reporting unit is zero or negative, an entity must assess whether it is more likely than not that goodwill impairment exists. To make that determination, an entity should consider whether there are adverse qualitative factors that could impact the amount of goodwill, including those listed in ASC 350-20-35-30. As a result of the new guidance, an entity can no longer assert that a reporting unit is not required to perform the second step of the goodwill impairment test because the carrying amount of the reporting unit is zero or negative, despite the existence of qualitative factors that indicate goodwill is more likely than not impaired. ASU 2010-28 is effective for public entities for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2010, with early adoption prohibited. In December 2010, the FASB issued the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2010-29 “Business Combinations (Topic 805): Disclosure of Supplementary Pro Forma Information for Business Combinations” (“ASU 2010-29”). ASU 2010-29 specifies that if a public entity presents comparative financial statements, the entity should disclose revenue and earnings of the combined entity as though the business combination(s) that occurred during the current year had occurred as of the beginning of the comparable prior annual reporting period only. The amendments in this Update also expand the supplemental pro forma disclosures under Topic 805 to include a description of the nature and amount of material, nonrecurring pro forma adjustments directly attributable to the business combination included in the reported pro forma revenue and earnings. The amended guidance is effective prospectively for business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of the first annual reporting period beginning on or after December 15, 2010. Early adoption is permitted. Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying consolidated financial statements. NOTE 3 – GOING CONCERN As reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company had an accumulated deficit of $28,719 at December 31, 2010 and had a net loss of $36,704 and net cash used in operating activities of $27,754 for the year then ended, respectively. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate revenues, the Company’s cash position may not be significant enough to support the Company’s daily operations. Management intends to raise additional funds by way of a public or private offering. Management believes that the actions presently being taken to further implement its business plan and generate revenues provide the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern. While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to generate revenues and in its ability to raise additional funds, there can be no assurances to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company’s ability to further implement its business plan and generate revenues. F-11 The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. NOTE 4 – COMPUTER EQUIPMENT Computer equipment, stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation at December 31, 2010 and 2009, consisted of the following: December 31, 2010 December 31, 2009 Computer equipment $ 10,527 $ 10,527 Less accumulated depreciation (5,092) (2,544) $ 5,669 $ 8,217 Depreciation expense Depreciation expense for the year ended December 31, 2010 and for the period from February 18, 2009 (inception) through December 31, 2009 was $2,548, and $2,544, respectively. NOTE 5 – LINE OF CREDIT LLC has an open line of credit of $16,600 with a financial institution with interest at 9.75%, per annum, payable monthly and the principal due on demand. The usage and availability of the line of credit at December 31, 2010 were as follows: Date of Expiration Total Facilities Facilities Used Facilities Available Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. Due on demand $ 16,600 $ 15,699 $ 901 $ 16,600 $ 15,699 $ 901 NOTE 6 – NOTES PAYABLE LLC has notes payable to an unrelated third party. The notes are unsecured, bear no interest and are due on demand. Notes payable at December 31, 2010 and 2009, consisted of the following: December 31, 2010 December 31, 2009 Notes payable $ 13,200 $ 38,004 $ 13,200 $ 38,004 NOTE 7 – RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Advances from majority stockholder and Chief Executive Officer Advances from majority stockholder and Chief Executive Officer at December 31, 2010 and 2009, consisted of the following: December 31, 2010 December 31, 2009 Advances from major stockholder and Chief Executive Officer $ 4,509 $ - $ 4,509 $ - The advances from major stockholder and Chief Executive Officer bear no interest and are due on demand. F-12 Free office space from its majority stockholder and Chief Executive Officer The Company has been provided office space by its majority stockholder and Chief Executive Officer at no cost. The management determined that such cost is nominal and did not recognize the rent expense in its financial statements. NOTE 8 – STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT Shares authorized The Company is authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.001 per share, and 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.001 per share. Common stock The Company was incorporated on July 29, 2010 at which time 9,500,000 shares of common stock were issued to the Company’s founder in exchange for the existing business of the LLC. No value was given to the stock issued by the newly formed corporation. Therefore, the shares were recorded to reflect the $.001 par value and paid in capital was recorded as a negative amount ($9,500). In other words, no net value was assigned to these shares. . On August 4, 2010, the Company sold 30,000 shares of common stock at par value $0.001 per share for $30. During the year ended December 31, 2010, the Company sold 315,000 shares of common stock at $0.1 per share, or $31,500 in aggregate for cash. NOTE 9 – INCOME TAX Deferred tax assets At December 31, 2010, the Company has available for federal income tax purposes a net operating loss (“NOL”) carry-forwards of $28,719 that may be used to offset future taxable income through the fiscal year ending December 31, 2030. No tax benefit has been reported with respect to these net operating loss carry-forwards in the accompanying consolidated financial statements since the Company believes that the realization of its net deferred tax asset of approximately $9,764 was not considered more likely than not and accordingly, the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are fully offset by a valuation allowance of $9,764. Deferred tax assets consist primarily of the tax effect of NOL carry-forwards. The Company has provided a full valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets because of the uncertainty regarding its realizability. The valuation allowance increased approximately $9,764 for the period from July 29, 2010 through December 31, 2010. Components of deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2010 are as follows: December 31, 2010 Net deferred tax assets – Non-current: Expected income tax benefit from NOL carry-forwards $ 9,764 Less valuation allowance (9,764) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance $ - F-13 Income taxes in the consolidated statements of operations A reconciliation of the federal statutory income tax rate and the effective income tax rate as a percentage of income before income taxes is as follows: For the Period from July 29, 2010 (inception) through December 31, 2010 Federal statutory income tax rate 34.0 % Change in valuation allowance on net operating loss carry-forwards (34.0 )% Effective income tax rate 0.0 % Pro forma income tax information (Unaudited) Pro forma deferred tax assets If the Company had been incorporated as of the beginning of the first date presented at December 31, 2010, the Company’s net operating loss (“NOL”) carry–forwards for Federal income tax purposes would have been $89,261 that may be offset against future taxable income through 2030; and the Company’s net deferred tax assets and valuation allowance would have been $30,349; and its valuation allowance would have increased approximately $12,480 and $17,869 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010 and for the period from February 19, 2009 (date of formation) through December 31, 2009. Components of pro forma deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2010 and 2009 are as follows: December 31, 2010 December 31, 2010 Net deferred tax assets – Non-current: Expected income tax benefit from NOL carry-forwards $ 30,349 $ 17,869 Less valuation allowance (30,349 ) (17,869 ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance $ - $ - Pro forma income taxes in the consolidated statements of operations A reconciliation of the pro forma federal statutory income tax rate and the effective income tax rate as a percentage of income before income taxes is as follows: For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2010 For the Period from February 19, 2009 (inception) through December 31, 2009 Federal statutory income tax rate 34.0 % 34.0 % Change in valuation allowance on net operating loss carry-forwards (34.0 )% (34.0 )% Effective income tax rate 0.0 % 0.0 % NOTE 10 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS The Company has evaluated all events that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date when the financial statements were issued to determine if they must be reported. The Management of the Company determined that there were no reportable subsequent events to be disclosed. F-14 PART II - INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION The following table sets forth the estimated expenses in connection with the issuance and distribution of the securities being registered hereby. All such expenses will be borne by the Company; none shall be borne by any selling stockholders. Item Amount SEC Registration Fee $ 27.16 Transfer Agent Fees 900.00 Legal Fees 10,000.00 Accounting Fees 10,000.00 Printing Costs 500.00 Miscellaneous 500.00 TOTAL $ 21,927.16 INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS The Company’s Bylaws and Articles of Incorporation provide that we shall, to the full extent permitted by the Nevada General Business Corporation Law, as amended from time to time (the “Nevada Corporate Law”), indemnify all of our directors and officers. Section 78.7502 of the Nevada Corporate Law provides in part that a corporation shall have the power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. Similar indemnity is authorized for such persons against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred in defense or settlement of any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation, if such person acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and provided further that (unless a court of competent jurisdiction otherwise provides) such person shall not have been adjudged liable to the corporation. Any such indemnification may be made only as authorized in each specific case upon a determination by the stockholders or disinterested directors that indemnification is proper because the indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct. Under our Bylaws and Articles of Incorporation, the indemnitee is presumed to be entitled to indemnification and we have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption. Where an officer or a director is successful on the merits or otherwise in the defense of any action referred to above, we must indemnify him against the expenses which such officer or director actually or reasonably incurred. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES Since our formation on July 29, 2010, we have issued and sold the following securities without registration: On August 4, 2010, we issued 30,000 shares of common stock to one person, legal counsel to the Company, at a purchase price of $0.001 per share, for aggregate proceeds of $30. The offer and sale was made in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), in a non-public offering where the purchaser was a “sophisticated investor” who had access to registration-type information about the Company. On August 5, 2010, we issued 9,500,000 shares of common stock to Jonathan Hopp, our sole officer and director, in exchange for Mr. Hopp acting as President and Chief Executive Officer for a term of one year. The offer and sale was made in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act, in a non-public offering where the purchaser was a “sophisticated investor” who had access to registration-type information about the Company. II-1 Between August 18, 2010 and November 30, of 2010, we offered and sold 315,000 shares of our common stock to 35 investors, at a purchase price of $0.10 per share, for aggregate proceeds of $31,500. The offer and sale was made in a private offering to solely “accredited investors” in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act, and Rule 506, promulgated thereunder. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES The following exhibits are filed as part of this registration statement: Exhibit Description 2.1 LLC Membership Purchase Agreement, dated September 1, 2010, by and between Registrant and Jonathan Hopp 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of Registrant 3.2 Bylaws of the Registrant 5.1 Opinion of Law Offices of Thomas E. Puzzo, PLLC, regarding the legality of the securities being registered 10.1 Letter Agreement, dated August 5, 2010, by and between Registrant and Jonathan Hopp 23.1 Consent of Law Offices of Thomas E. Puzzo, PLLC (included in Exhibit 5.1) 23.2 Consent of Li & Company, PC UNDERTAKINGS The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes: (a)(1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales of securities are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement to: (i) Include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) (§230.424(b) of this chapter) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement. (iii) To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (4) That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser: II-2 (i) If the registrant is subject to Rule 430C, each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. (5) That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities: The undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or our securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 (the “Act”) may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the provisions above, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act, and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities, other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by one of our directors, officers, or controlling persons in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding, is asserted by one of our directors, officers, or controlling persons in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act, and we will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. II-3 SIGNATURES In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the Registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form S-1 and has authorized this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, in Los Angeles, California, on the 13th day of May, 2011. JH DESIGNS, INC. (Registrant) By: /s/ Jonathan Hopp Name: Jonathan Hopp Title: President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer, principal financial office and principal accounting officer) POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jonathan Hopp, as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any or all amendments (including post-effective amendments) to this Registration Statement on Form S-1 of JH Designs, Inc., and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, grant unto said attorney-in-fact and agent, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the foregoing, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement was signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates stated. Signature Title Date /s/ Jonathan Hopp President and Chief Executive Officer, May 13, 2011 Jonathan Hopp Secretary, Treasurer and Director (principal executive officer, principal financial office and principal accounting officer) EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Description 2.1 LLC Membership Purchase Agreement, dated September 1, 2010, by and between Registrant and Jonathan Hopp 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of Registrant 3.2 Bylaws of the Registrant 5.1 Opinion of Law Offices of Thomas E. Puzzo, PLLC, regarding the legality of the securities being registered 10.1 Letter Agreement, dated August 5, 2010, by and between Registrant and Jonathan Hopp 23.1 Consent of Law Offices of Thomas E. Puzzo, PLLC (included in Exhibit 5.1) 23.2 Consent of Consent of Li & Company, PC II-4
