As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 15, 2017 on Registration No. 333- SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 SKYWOLF WIND TURBINE CORPORATION (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) New York 3511 80-0631209 State or other jurisdiction (Primary Standard Industrial (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization Classification Code Number) Identification Number) 156 Court Street Geneseo, NY 14454 (585) 447-9135 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code of registrant’s principal executive offices) Gerald Brock 156 Court Street Geneseo, NY 14454 (585) 447-9135 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) with copies to Lee W. Cassidy, Esq. Cassidy & Associates 9454 Wilshire Boulevard Suite 612 Beverly Hills, California 90212 Tel: (949) 673-4510, Fax: (949) 673-4525 Approximate Date of Commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this Registration Statement. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box. x If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier registration statement for the same offering. ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer ¨ Accelerated filer ¨ Non-accelerated filer ¨ Smaller reporting company x Emerging growth company ¨ CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of Each Class of Securities to be Registered (1) Amount to be Registered (2) Proposed Maximum Offering Price Per Share (3) Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price Amount of Registration Fee Common stock, par value $.001 per share 54,814,465 Shares $ 2.00 $ 109,628,930 $ 12,705.99 (1) This Registration Statement covers: a. A direct public offering by the Company of: i. Up to 1,500,000 shares of our common stock; and b. The resale by our selling shareholders (the “Selling Shareholders”) of: i. Up to 53,314,465 shares of our common stock. (2) This Registration Statement includes an indeterminate number of additional shares of common stock issuable for no additional consideration pursuant to any stock dividend, stock split, recapitalization or other similar transaction effected without the receipt of consideration, which results in an increase in the number of outstanding shares of our common stock. In the event of a stock split, stock dividend or similar transaction involving our common stock, in order to prevent dilution, the number of shares registered shall be automatically increased to cover the additional shares in accordance with Rule 416(a) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). (3) Estimated in accordance with Rule 457(a) of the Securities Act solely for the purposes of calculating the registration fee based upon a bona fide estimate of the maximum offering price. The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the commission, acting pursuant to said section 8(a), may determine. The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. These securities may not be sold (except pursuant to a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act) until this registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is declared effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. Subject to completion, dated May 15, 2017 EXPLANATORY NOTE This Registration Statement contains two prospectuses, as set forth below. · Direct Public Offering Prospectus. A prospectus regarding our offering of an aggregate of 1,500,000 shares in a direct public offering (the “Direct Public Offering Prospectus”). However, while the Company does not have any agreements in place to sell the shares with the involvement of underwriters or broker-dealers, the Company may engage such underwriters or broker-dealers in the future. Should all shares being offered by the Company hereunder be sold, the Company would receive an aggregate of $3,000,000, comprised of 1,500,000 newly issued shares, at an offering price of $2.00 per share. · Resale Prospectus. A prospectus to be used for the resale by the Selling Shareholder (the “Resale Prospectus”) of an aggregate of 53,314,465 shares of common stock. The Resale Prospectus is substantively identical to the Direct Public Offering Prospectus, except for the following principal points: · They contain different outside and inside front covers; · They contain different Offering sections; · They contain different Use of Proceeds sections; · A Selling Shareholders section is included in the Resale Prospectus; · They contain different Plan of Distribution sections; · The Dilution section is deleted from the Resale Prospectus; · References in the Direct Public Offering Prospectus to the Resale Prospectus will be deleted from the Resale Prospectus; · They contain different outside back covers. The Registrant has included in this Registration Statement, after the financial statements, a set of alternate pages to reflect the foregoing differences of the Resale Prospectus as compared to the Direct Public Offering Prospectus. 3 SKYWOLF WIND TURBINE CORPORATION PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS THE INFORMATION IN THIS PROSPECTUS IS NOT COMPLETE AND MAY BE CHANGED. THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD UNTIL THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION IS EFFECTIVE. THIS PROSPECTUS IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL THESE SECURITIES AND IT IS NOT SOLICITING AN OFFER TO BUY THESE SECURITIES IN ANY STATE WHERE THE OFFER OR SALE IS NOT PERMITTED. We are offering for sale up to 1,500,000 shares of our common stock (the “Shares”) with an offering price of $2.00 per Share (the “Offering”). This Offering shall be conducted by the Company in a direct offering. However, while neither the Company nor any selling shareholders has any current arrangements nor entered into any agreements with any underwriters, broker-dealers or selling agents for the sale of the Shares, if the Company or selling shareholders can locate and enter into any such arrangement(s), then the Shares will be sold through such licensed underwriter(s), broker-dealer(s) and/or selling agent(s). Should all Shares being offered by the Company hereunder be sold, the Company would receive an aggregate of $3,000,000 at an offering price of $2.00 per Share. There is no minimum number of Shares that must be sold by us for the Offering to proceed, and we will retain the proceeds from the sale of any of the offered Shares. The Offering is being conducted on a self-underwritten, best efforts basis, which means our officers and directors will attempt to sell the Shares. This Prospectus will permit our officers and directors to sell the Shares directly to the public, with no commission or other remuneration payable to them for any Shares they may sell. The Offering will terminate twenty-four (24) months from the date that the registration statement relating to the Shares is declared effective, unless earlier fully subscribed or terminated by the Company. In offering the securities on our behalf, our Officers and Directors will rely on the safe harbor from broker-dealer registration set out in Rule 3a4-1 under the Securities and Exchange of 1934. SkyWolf Wind Turbine Corporation is an early stage company and currently has limited operations. Any investment in the securities offered herein involves a high degree of risk. You should only purchase securities if you can afford a loss of your investment. Our independent registered public accountant has issued an audit opinion for SkyWolf Wind Turbine Corporation which includes a statement expressing substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Prior to this Offering, there has been no public market for the Company’s common stock. No assurances can be given that a public market will develop following completion of this offering or that, if a market does develop, it will be sustained. The offering price for the Shares has been arbitrarily determined by the Company and does not necessarily bear any direct relationship to the assets, operations, book or other established criteria of value of the Company. The Shares will become tradable on the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. This prospectus covers the primary direct public offering by the Company of 1,500,000 shares of common stock. The Company is concurrently conducting a resale offering for 53,314,465 shares, which is covered in a separate resale prospectus. THE PURCHASE OF THE SECURITIES OFFERED THROUGH THIS PROSPECTUS INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY READ THIS ENTIRE PROSPECTUS, INCLUDING THE SECTION ENTITLED “RISK FACTORS” BEGINNING ON PAGE 9 HEREOF BEFORE BUYING ANY SHARES OF SKYWOLF WIND TURBINE CORPORATION’S COMMON STOCK. No dealer, salesperson or any other person is authorized to give any information or make any representations in connection with this offering other than those contained in this prospectus and, if given or made, the information or representations must not be relied upon as having been authorized by us. This prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security other than the securities offered by this prospectus, or an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities by anyone in any jurisdiction in which the offer or solicitation is not authorized or is unlawful. SkyWolf Wind Turbine Corporation 156 Court Street Geneseo, NY 14454 (585) 447-9135 Prospectus dated __________________, 2017 4 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Prospectus Summary 6 Summary of the Offering 8 Risk Factors 9 Determination of Offering Price 16 Use of Proceeds 16 Plan of Distribution; Terms of the Offering 17 Dilution 19 Description of Property 19 Description of Securities 19 Description of Our Business 21 Legal Proceedings 43 Management’s Discussion and Analysis 51 Management 55 Executive Compensation 59 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 60 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 61 Legal Matters 62 Experts 62 Commission Position of Indemnification for Securities Act Liabilities 62 Where you can find more information 63 Index to Financial Statements 6 4 You should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by reference to this prospectus in deciding whether to purchase our common stock. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with information different from that contained or incorporated by reference to this prospectus. Under no circumstances should the delivery to you of this prospectus or any sale made pursuant to this prospectus create any implication that the information contained in this prospectus is correct as of any time after the date of this prospectus. To the extent that any facts or events arising after the date of this prospectus, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information presented in this prospectus, this prospectus will be updated to the extent required by law. 5 PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information contained elsewhere in this Prospectus. This summary does not contain all the information that you should consider before investing in the common stock of SkyWolf Wind Turbine Corporation (referred to herein as the “Company,” “we,” “our,” and “us”). You should carefully read the entire Prospectus, including “Risk Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the accompanying financial statements and notes before making an investment decision. Corporate History and General Information about the Company SkyWolf Wind Turbine Corporation (the “Company”) is an early-stage company which was incorporated under the laws of the State of New York on August 3, 2010 and was formerly known as Brock Renewable Energy Research & Development Corporation prior to the Company completing a name change in March 2011. The Company is engaged in the business of the development and commercialization of wind turbines and other renewable energy technologies. Specifically, the Company is the designer, manufacturer, and supplier of a patented Solar Hybrid Diffused Augmented Wind Turbine (HDAWT), a product that uses renewable wind and solar energy sources combined in one turbine. The Company is located at 156 Court Street, Geneseo, New York 14454. The Company’s main phone number is (585) 447-9135. The Company’s fiscal year end is December 31. The Company has not filed for bankruptcy, receivership or any similar proceedings nor is in the process of filing for bankruptcy, receivership or any similar proceedings. Summary of the Business and Operations Company Introduction SkyWolf is the only company that sells a state of the art, patented Solar Hybrid Wind Turbine System which is the ultimate renewable energy product. Finally, an innovative solution that extracts energy from both wind and sun simultaneously or individually depending on which energy source is available. In addition, it can be installed almost anywhere typically requiring only local building permits. This technology opens the door to affordable, clean power throughout the world for homeowners, farmers, municipalities, colleges, mini-grids, prisons, airports, commercial properties and in particular undeveloped countries. SkyWolf is committed to bringing renewable energy to third world countries with no viable options for electrical power. Imagine a single SkyWolf unit powering a well that provides safe drinking water for an entire village; saving countless lives. Wind and Sun energy are endless resources available world-wide, offering the best return on investment of any renewable energy in the market today. The Solar Hybrid Diffused Augmented Wind Turbine on Site 6 Corporate History and General Information about the Company SkyWolf Wind Turbine Corporation (the “Company”), located at 156 Court Street, Geneseo, New York 14454, was incorporated under the laws of the State of New York on August 3, 2010 and was formerly known as Brock Renewable Energy Research & Development Corporation. The Company is the designer, manufacturer, and supplier of a patented Solar Hybrid Diffused Augmented Wind Turbine aka “The Hybrid”, which uses wind and solar energy sources combined in one unit. The Company has not filed for bankruptcy, receivership or any similar proceedings nor is in the process of filing for bankruptcy, receivership or any similar proceedings. The Company currently has six full-time employees/consultants along with several independent sales representatives. The manufacturing facility and administrative offices are located in a single 5,000 sq. ft. building where products are developed, manufactured, marketed and sold along with feasibility studies to determine optimum site location. Business and Market Summary After six years of research and development that resulted in three patents, SkyWolf made a major technological breakthrough with a patented Diffused Augmented Wind Turbine design (DAWT). The DAWT is capable of producing more energy output at lower wind speeds than conventional wind turbines and with a significantly smaller footprint. By reducing static pressure behind its rotor blades, the DAWT has been shown to exponentially increase efficiency and electric energy output by 50% or more as compared to conventional wind turbines of the same size. Adding Solar to the DAWT resulted in another patent for a Solar Hybrid Diffused Augmented Wind Turbine (HDAWT or “Hybrid”) that gives SkyWolf a distinct advantage in the renewable energy market by harnessing wind and solar energy simultaneously. SkyWolf’s design addresses the pitfalls and limitations of conventional wind turbines which represent a largely untapped market and a great business opportunity. Consumers with extremely rural or difficult sites or a varied mix of Solar/Wind energy will greatly benefit from the Hybrid design. SkyWolf’s improvements over small to medium sized wind turbine competitors are listed below: · Current height of competitors reduced from an average of 100' to Sky Wolf's 32' . o No FAA permit required for SkyWolf, only a normal building permit. o SkyWolf only requires 100 ft 2 instead of 43,560 ft 2 (1.00 Acre). · The fan blades are enclosed in a shroud with SkyWolf which ; o Results in substantial noise reduction. o Eliminates sun flutter from large rotating blades. o Removes the liability of ice flying off fan blades and causing injury. o Dramatically reduces bird deaths. · SkyWolf reduces site issues because ; o Increased wind speed range makes more sites viable. o 32' height is like a tree hence much less visually challenging. o The small, shroud containing the blades looks appealing. o It can be erected on any approved building lot. o Maintenance is simple and cost effective at 32' (no massive crane required). · SkyWolf dramatically increases efficiency and ; o Expands the operational wind speed range from 6 - 31 mph to 5 – 60 mph. o Extracts at least 50% more power out of wind to make it much more affordable. · Adding Solar expands the number of usable sites and increases energy output. The void in this market segment provides a unique opportunity that can only be filled by SkyWolf, setting the stage for substantial market penetration and subsequent sales. The most promising aspect of SkyWolf’s technology lies in the expansion of new sales to customers who are dissatisfied with the current limitations of conventional wind turbines. Only our Hybrid can extract both Wind and Solar energy simultaneously to give each customer the maximum amount of usable power every day regardless of site location or weather. Each Hybrid unit comes with a complete integrated system that captures, converts, and monitors wind and solar energy production which can be grid-tied or connected into a battery based system (off-grid). Our product is patent protected and is the only unit in the market that combines wind and solar in a unique and innovative design. The unique properties of the Hybrid gives consumers an alternative to larger and less efficient wind turbines and/or over-sized solar arrays. The added benefit of solar panels incorporated into our hybrid design allows the generation of power over a broader range of conditions. Our competitive price point perfectly positions the Hybrid nationally and internationally in the energy market. Additional state and federal tax credits assist in the sale and value of our Hybrid in the US market. The Company has secured sales in New York State in both the agricultural and residential markets. Plus preliminary negotiations are underway in Colombia, South America, South Africa, Peru, Mexico and Europe totaling1.5 Billion dollars or more in potential sales. Risks and Uncertainties facing the Company As an early-stage company with a limited operating history, SkyWolf may experience losses in the near term. The Company has implemented its commercialization strategies to increase its sales revenue with great success but will need additional capital. Future plans include, but are not limited to, securing certification from the Small Wind Certification Council (SWCC), CE marking for the European marketplace, as well as research and development to create new applications such as a Hybrid system for hydro applications. Due to the above concerns and the Company’s need for additional capital, independent auditors have issued a report raising substantial doubt of the Company’s ability to successfully continue operations at their current level. Trading Market Currently, there is no trading market for the securities of the Company. The Company intends to initially apply for admission to quotation of its securities on the OTC Bulletin Board as soon as possible, which may be while this offering is still in process. There can be no assurance that the Company will qualify for quotation of its securities on the OTC Bulletin Board. See “RISK FACTORS” and “DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES”. 7 SUMMARY OF THIS OFFERING The Issuer SkyWolf Wind Turbine Corporation Securities being offered Up to 1,500,000 shares of Common Stock is being offered for sale by the Company, this collectively represents approximately 1.9% of the currently issued and outstanding shares of the Company's Common Stock. Our Common Stock is described in further detail in the section of this prospectus titled “DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES.” Per Share Price $ 2.00 Duration of Offering The Shares are offered for a period not to exceed 24 months, unless extended by our Board of Directors. Number of shares Outstanding before the Offering There are 75,777,750 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. Net Proceeds to the Company The Company is offering a maximum of 1,500,000 shares of Common Stock at an offering price of $2.00 per Share for net proceeds to the Company of $3,000,000. The full subscription price will be payable at the time of subscription and accordingly, funds received from subscribers in this Offering will be released to the Company when subscriptions are received and accepted. No assurance can be given that the net proceeds from the total number of shares offered hereby or any lesser net amount will be sufficient to accomplish our goals. If proceeds from this offering are insufficient, we may be required to seek additional capital. No assurance can be given that we will be able to obtain such additional capital, or even if available, that such additional capital will be available on terms acceptable to us. Use of Proceeds We will use the proceeds to obtain both certification by the Small Wind Certification Council (SWCC), and European CE marking. Proceeds will also be used to add additional staff required to grow the company including positions in sales, marketing and administration. Proceeds will also be used for working capital and to fund Research and Development to create new applications such as a hydro unit. Risk factors An investment in our Common Stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risk factors set forth under “Risk Factors” section hereunder and the other information contained in this prospectus before making an investment decision regarding our Common Stock. 8 RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the risks described below together with all of the other information included in this Prospectus before making an investment decision with regard to our securities. The statements contained in or incorporated into this Prospectus that are not historic facts are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by forward-looking statements. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. RISKS RELATED TO THE OFFERING As there is no minimum for our offering, if only a few persons purchase shares they could lose their investment. Since there is no minimum with respect to the number of securities to be sold directly by the Company in this Offering, if only a few securities are sold, we may not have enough capital to sustain our business. In such an event, it is highly likely that any investment would be lost. As such, proceeds from this Offering may not be sufficient to meet the objectives we state in this Prospectus, other corporate milestones that we may set, or to avoid a “going concern” modification in future reports of our auditors as to uncertainty with respect to our ability to continue as a going concern. If we fail to raise sufficient capital, we would expect to have to significantly decrease operating expenses, which will curtail the growth of our business. Investing in the Company is a highly speculative investment and could result in the loss of your entire investment. A purchase of the offered securities is significantly speculative and involves significant risks. The offered securities should not be purchased by any person who cannot afford the loss of his or her entire purchase price. The business objectives of the Company are also speculative, and we may be unable to satisfy those objectives. The stockholders of the Company may be unable to realize a substantial return on their purchase of the offered securities, or any return whatsoever, and may lose their entire investment in the Company. For this reason, each prospective purchaser of the offered securities should read this prospectus and all of its exhibits carefully and consult with their attorney, business advisor and/or investment advisor. The offering price of the offered securities has been arbitrarily determined by the Company and such offering should not be used by an investor as an indicator of the fair market value of the offered securities . Currently there is no public market for the Company’s common stock. The offering price for the offered securities has been arbitrarily determined by the Company and does not necessarily bear any direct relationship to the assets, operations, book or other established criteria of value of the Company. Thus an investor should be aware that the offering price does not reflect the fair market price of the offered securities. As a result of the concurrent offering by the Company and the Selling Shareholders, we may not be able to sell the shares being offered by us which will reduce the amount of capital available for our operations. The Company and Selling Shareholders will be offering securities of the Company at the same time. The Selling Shareholders will not be selling shares on behalf of the Company under the Offering. The sale of shares by the Selling Shareholders is not contingent upon the Company selling a minimum number of its shares. Due to the concurrent offering, the Company and Selling Shareholders may be competing for potential investors. While we do not believe we will be approaching the same potential investors, we may inadvertently do so and if there is a conflict, it is possible that we may not be able to fully subscribe our offering. In that event, the overall proceeds to the Company from our offering may be decreased which would decrease the amount of capital available for our business operations. Further, sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock by the Selling Shareholders could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR COMPANY’S BUSINESS The Company has limited revenues to date . The Company has generated limited revenues to date. Most of management’s time, and the Company’s limited resources have been spent on R&D, and developing its business strategy. Most of the activity has been centered in the following areas; researching potential opportunities, contacting prospective partners, exploring marketing contacts, establishing operations, preparing a business plan, selecting professional advisors and consultants, and seeking capital for the Company. 9 The Company has limited operating history of its own, and as such, any prospective investor can only assess the Company’s profitability or performance on a limited basis to date. Because the Company is an early-stage company with limited operating history, it is impossible for an investor to assess the performance of the Company or to determine whether the Company will meet its projected business plan. The Company has limited financial results upon which an investor may judge its potential. As a company that only recently emerged from the development-stage, the Company may in the future still experience under-capitalization, shortages, setbacks and many of the problems, delays and expenses encountered by any early stage business. An investor will be required to make an investment decision based solely on the Company management’s history and its projected operations in light of the risks, expenses and uncertainties that may be encountered by engaging in the Company’s industry. The Company has a correspondingly small financial and accounting organization. Being a public company may strain the Company's resources, divert management’s attention and affect its ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. The Company is an early-stage company with no developed finance and accounting organization and the rigorous demands of being a public company require a structured and developed finance and accounting group. Once it becomes a public reporting company, the Company will become subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. However, the requirements of these laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder entail significant accounting, legal and financial compliance costs which may be prohibitive to the Company as it develops its business plan, services and scope. These costs have made, and will continue to make, some activities more difficult, time consuming or costly and may place significant strain on its personnel, systems and resources. The Securities Exchange Act requires, among other things, that companies maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain the requisite disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management oversight are required. As a result, management’s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could have a material adverse effect on the development of the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations. These rules and regulations may also make it difficult and expensive for the Company to obtain director and officer liability insurance. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate director and officer insurance, its ability to recruit and retain qualified officers and directors, especially those directors who may be deemed independent, will be significantly curtailed. The Company expects to incur additional expenses and may ultimately never be profitable. The Company has only recently emerged from its status as a development-stage company, and it has limited operations to date. The Company will need to continue to generate revenue to achieve and maintain profitability. To become profitable, the Company must successfully develop and operate its product sales and marketing business. These processes involve many factors that are beyond the Company’s control, including the type of competition that the Company may encounter. Ultimately, in spite of the Company’s best or reasonable efforts, the Company may never actually generate revenues sufficient to cover operating expenses or become profitable. No assurance of market acceptance. Even if the Company successfully markets, sells and distributes technology products, there can be no assurance that the market reception will be positive for the Company or its ventures. The widespread adoption and use of the Company’s wind turbine products will represent fundamental change in the energy industry. As with any new technology, there is a substantial risk that potential customers may not accept the potential benefits of the Company’s products. Market acceptance of Company’s products will depend, in large part, upon the ability of Company to demonstrate the performance advantages and cost-effectiveness of its products over competing products. There can be no assurance that Company will be able to market its technology successfully on a widespread basis or that any of Company’s current or future products or services will be accepted in the marketplace. Furthermore, Company intends to develop products and systems and sell them at a price assumed by Company sufficient to generate a profit. Even if Company’s products and services are accepted in the industry, the market for its products may not be able to support Company’s pricing structure. Reliance on third party agreements and relationships is necessary for development of the Company's business. The Company will need strong third party relationships and partnerships in order to develop and grow its business. The Company will be substantially dependent on these strategic partners and third party relationships to commercialize its business. 10 The proposed operations of the Company are speculative. The success of the proposed business plan of the Company will depend to a great extent on the operations, financial condition and management of the Company. Although the Company has a business plan and intends to execute its overall business strategy, limited operations have been conducted to date and the proposed operations of the Company remain speculative. Executive officers, directors and 5% shareholders of the Company will retain voting control after the offering, which will allow them to exert substantial influence over major corporate decisions. The Company anticipates that its executive officers and directors (together with 5% shareholders) will, in the aggregate, beneficially own enough of its issued and outstanding capital stock following the completion of this offering, assuming the sale of all Shares hereby offered, to exert voting control. Accordingly, the present shareholders, by virtue of their percentage share ownership and certain procedures established by the certificate of incorporation and by-laws of the Company for the election of its directors, may effectively control the board of directors and the policies of the Company. As a result, these stockholders will retain substantial control over matters requiring approval by the Company’s stockholders, such as (without limitation) the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the market price of the Company’s common stock or prevent stockholders from realizing a premium over the market price for their Shares. The Company depends on its management team and employees to operate its business effectively. The Company's future success is dependent in large part upon its ability to understand and develop the business plan and to attract and retain highly skilled management, operational and executive personnel. In particular, due to the relatively early stage of the Company's business, its future success is highly dependent on its officers, to provide the necessary experience and background to execute the Company's business plan. The loss of any officer’s services could impede, particularly initially as the Company builds a record and reputation, its ability to develop its objectives, particularly in its ability to develop, commercialize and further its business and products. The Company’s business also depends on its ability to attract and retain talented product marketing and sales professionals in the United States and in overseas territories. Any loss of key members of the team and the customer relationship associated with the member can impact the business significantly. Government regulation could negatively impact the business. The Company’s business segments may be subject to various government regulations in the jurisdictions in which they operate. Due to the potential wide scope of the Company’s operations, the Company could be subject to regulation by various political and regulatory entities, including various local and municipal agencies and government sub-divisions. The Company may incur increased costs necessary to comply with existing and newly adopted laws and regulations or penalties for any failure to comply. The Company’s operations could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by existing or future laws and regulations relating to its business or industry. The Company's election not to opt out of JOBS Act extended accounting transition period may not make its financial statements easily comparable to other companies. Pursuant to the JOBS Act of 2012, as an emerging growth company the Company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period for any new or revised accounting standards that may be issued by the PCAOB or the SEC. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the standard for the private company. This may make comparison of the Company's financial statements with any other public company which is not either an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible as possible different or revised standards may be used. The recently enacted JOBS Act will also allow the Company to postpone the date by which it must comply with certain laws and regulations intended to protect investors and to reduce the amount of information provided in reports filed with the SEC. The recently enacted JOBS Act is intended to reduce the regulatory burden on “emerging growth companies. The Company meets the definition of an emerging growth company and so long as it qualifies as an “emerging growth company,” it will, among other things: 11 -be exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that its independent registered public accounting firm provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting; -be exempt from the “say on pay” provisions (requiring a non-binding shareholder vote to approve compensation of certain executive officers) and the “say on golden parachute” provisions (requiring a non-binding shareholder vote to approve golden parachute arrangements for certain executive officers in connection with mergers and certain other business combinations) of the Dodd-Frank Act and certain disclosure requirements of the Dodd- Frank Act relating to compensation of its chief executive officer; -be permitted to omit the detailed compensation discussion and analysis from proxy statements and reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and instead provide a reduced level of disclosure concerning executive compensation; and -be exempt from any rules that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board requiring mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor’s report on the financial statements. Although the Company is still evaluating the JOBS Act, it currently intends to take advantage of some or all of the reduced regulatory and reporting requirements that will be available to it so long as it qualifies as an “emerging growth company”. The Company has elected not to opt out of the extension of time to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards available under Section 102(b) of the JOBS Act. Among other things, this means that the Company's independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting so long as it qualifies as an emerging growth company, which may increase the risk that weaknesses or deficiencies in the internal control over financial reporting go undetected. Likewise, so long as it qualifies as an emerging growth company, the Company may elect not to provide certain information, including certain financial information and certain information regarding compensation of executive officers that would otherwise have been required to provide in filings with the SEC, which may make it more difficult for investors and securities analysts to evaluate the Company. As a result, investor confidence in the Company and the market price of its common stock may be adversely affected. The Company may face significant competition from companies that serve its industries. The Company’s business is highly competitive with respect to price, quality, assortment and presentation, and customer service. This competitive market creates the risk of adverse impact to the Company’s revenues due to the potential need to reduce prices, and thus reduce margins, in order to stay competitive. If the Company fails to timely and effectively respond to competitive pressures and changes in the markets, it could adversely affect the Company’s financial performance. Furthermore, the Company competes with firms who may have greater financial, distribution, marketing and other resources than the Company and may be able to secure better arrangements with suppliers and employees and more successfully attract and retain customers. The Company may be vulnerable to the marketing power and degree of consumer recognition of these larger competitors. The Company is susceptible to the risk that its competitors could effectively venture into the Company’s areas of expertise, in which case, the Company may not be able to compete successfully, and competitive pressures may adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial condition. Pricing pressures may be significant in the Company’s industry. Because the market that the Company intends to target is competitive and large in volume, customers routinely ask for lower pricing to make their products more competitive. This phenomenon can put pricing pressure on the Company’s products and reduce profit margin over time. The Company is subject to the potential factors of market and customer changes . The business of the Company is susceptible to rapidly changing preferences of the marketplace and its customers. The needs of customers are subject to constant change. Although the Company intends to carry out its plan of developing and selling products and solutions to satisfy changing customer demands in the marketplace, there can be no assurance that funds for such expenditures will be available or that the Company's competition will not develop similar or superior capabilities or that the Company will be successful in its internal efforts. The future success of the Company will depend in part on its ability to respond effectively to rapidly changing trends, industry standards and customer requirements. 12 The development of new technology is a significant risk. Even though the Company plans to invest in marketing and sales of leading technology products and services, new technology may come to market that makes the Company’s products obsolete and less attractive to customers. General economic factors may adversely affect the Company’s financial performance. Economic conditions beyond the Company’s control, such as increased unemployment levels, inflation, increases in fuel, other energy costs and interest rates, lack of available credit, erosion in consumer confidence and other factors affecting disposable consumer income may adversely affect the Company’s business. Many of those factors, as well as commodity rates, transportation costs, costs of labor, insurance and healthcare, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, lease costs, changes in other laws and regulations and other economic factors, also affect the Company’s cost of goods sold as well as its general and administrative expenses, which may adversely affect sales or profitability. The Company does not maintain certain insurance, including errors and omissions and indemnification insurance. The Company has limited capital and, therefore, does not currently have a policy of insurance against liabilities arising out of the negligence of its officers and directors and/or deficiencies in any of its business operations. Even assuming that the Company obtained insurance, there is no assurance that such insurance coverage would be adequate to satisfy any potential claims made against the Company, its officers and directors, or its business operations. Any such liability which might arise could be substantial and may exceed the assets of the Company. The certificate of incorporation and by-laws of the Company provide for indemnification of officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons, it is the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission that such indemnification is against public policy, as expressed in the Act, and is therefore, unenforceable. Intellectual property and/or trade secret protection may be inadequate . The Company has applied for and received some intellectual property or trade secret protection in certain aspects of its business. There can be no assurance that the current protection is adequate or that the Company can obtain effective protection against unauthorized duplication or the introduction of substantially similar solutions and services. The technology and products that the Company plans to market may be accused of infringing patents that the Company, its supplier and technology partner may not be aware of initially. Patents owners may take action to block the sale of such products, which can impact sales of the Company. High technology industries, such as the energy industry in which the Company operates, are characterized by the existence of both an increasing number of patents and frequent litigation based on allegations of patent infringement. From time to time, third parties may assert exclusive patent, copyright and other intellectual property rights to technologies that are important to the Company. While there currently are no outstanding infringement claims pending by or against the Company, there can be no assurance that third parties will not assert infringement claims against the Company in the future, that assertions by such parties will not result in costly litigation, or that the Company would prevail in any such litigation or be able to license any valid and infringed patents or copyrights from third parties on commercially reasonable terms. Any infringement claim or other litigation against or by the Company could have a material adverse effect on the Company. To date, the Company has relied on a combination of patent protection and trade secret methods of protecting its proprietary information. There can be no assurance that those strategies will afford protection to that information, and there can be no assurance that the patents for which it has applied, if issued, would provide the Company with meaningful protection from competition. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that the Company’s products will not be found to infringe on any patent or other right held by others. In the event that any such products or services are found to so infringe, the Company could be required to seek a license with respect to such patented technology, if such a license is available, or incur substantial costs to redesign the infringing products or services. The occurrence of any of the foregoing events would likely have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Company may not be able to attract new customers or fuel its growth. The Company hopes to grow its business by increasing sales and developing new products. There can be no assurance, however, that the Company will be able to successfully implement any of its growth strategies. To successfully achieve growth, the Company must continually evaluate the adequacy of its existing systems and find new uses for its unique turbine. There can be no assurance that the Company will adequately anticipate all of the changing demands that growth, should it occur, will impose on the Company’s systems, procedures, and structure. Any failure to adequately anticipate and respond to such changing demands is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. 13 If the Company is unable to develop and introduce new products and improvements, the Company may be unable to compete in the marketplace. The market for the Company’s wind turbine products is characterized by evolving industry requirements. Accordingly, the Company’s future performance depends on a number of factors, including its ability to identify emerging technological trends in its target markets, to develop and maintain competitive products, to enhance its products by adding innovative features that differentiate the Company’s products from those of its competitors, and to manufacture and bring products to market quickly at cost-effective prices. There can be no assurance, however, that the Company will successfully complete the development of any products, that such products will achieve market acceptance that such products will receive regulatory approvals where required, that any required regulatory approvals will be received in a timely manner, or that such products can be produced at competitive prices, or at all. In the event that its products are not timely developed, do not gain market acceptance or cannot be manufactured at competitive prices, the Company’s business could be materially adversely affected. Investors in the offering will experience immediate dilution of the value of their shares. Purchasers of the Shares will experience immediate dilution in the value of their Shares. Dilution represents the difference between the price per share paid by investors and the net tangible book value per share immediately after completion of the Offering. Net tangible book value per share is the net tangible assets of the Company (total assets less total liabilities less intangible assets), divided by the number of shares of common stock outstanding. As of the date of this prospectus, the Company’s net tangible per share book value was $0.0058. Thus if at some other time, shares had been sold by the Company at a price less than the $2.00 paid by purchasers of the Shares or had been issued by the Company for services or as other non-cash consideration, then the value of such investor Shares immediately after purchase would be less than the purchase price. The Company has issued shares prior to the date of this prospectus at a price less than $2.00. RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR COMMON STOCK The Company’s stock price may be volatile. The market price of the Company’s common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various potential factors, many of which will be beyond the Company’s control, including the following: · Competition; · Additions or departures of key personnel; · The Company’s ability to execute its business plan; · Operating results that fall below expectations; · SWCC Certification per AWEA 9.1 standard · Loss of any strategic relationship; · Industry developments; · Economic and other external factors; and · Period-to-period fluctuations in the Company’s financial results. In addition, the securities markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of the Company’s common stock. We do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. We do not intend to declare dividends for the foreseeable future, as we anticipate that we will reinvest any future earnings in the development and growth of our business. Therefore, investors will not receive any funds unless they sell their common stock, and stockholders may be unable to sell their shares on favorable terms or at all. We cannot assure you of a positive return on investment or that you will not lose the entire amount of your investment in our common stock. We may in the future issue additional shares of our common stock which would reduce investors’ ownership interests in the Company and which may dilute our share value. Our Articles of Incorporation and amendments thereto authorize the issuance of 110,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share. The future issuance of all or part of our remaining authorized common stock may result in substantial dilution in the percentage of our common stock held by our then existing stockholders. We may value any common stock issued in the future on an arbitrary basis. The issuance of common stock for future services or acquisitions or other corporate actions may have the effect of diluting the value of the shares held by our investors, and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for our common stock. 14 An active trading market for our common stock may never develop or be sustained. We cannot assure you that an active trading market for our Common Stock will develop in the future or, if developed, that any market will be sustained. Accordingly, you may be required to hold your Shares indefinitely or to sell them at a price that does not meet your expectations, if at all. The Company’s stock may be considered a penny stock and any investment in the Company’s stock will be considered a high-risk investment and subject to restrictions on marketability. If the Shares commence trading, the trading price of the Company's common stock may be below $5.00 per share. If the price of the common stock is below such level, trading in its common stock would be subject to the requirements of certain rules promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These rules require additional disclosure by broker-dealers in connection with any trades generally involving any non-NASDAQ equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Such rules require the delivery, before any penny stock transaction, of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated therewith, and impose various sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell penny stocks to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally institutions). For these types of transactions, the broker-dealer must determine the suitability of the penny stock for the purchaser and receive the purchaser’s written consent to the transactions before sale. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in the Company’s common stock which could impact the liquidity of the Company’s common stock. FINRA sales practice requirements may limit a stockholder’s ability to buy and sell our stock. The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) has adopted rules that relate to the application of the SEC’s penny stock rules in trading our securities and require that a broker/dealer have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer, prior to recommending the investment. Prior to recommending speculative, low priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker/dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer’s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative, low priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA’s requirements make it more difficult for broker/dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity and liquidity of our common stock. Further, many brokers charge higher transactional fees for penny stock transactions. As a result, fewer broker/dealers may be willing to make a market in our common stock, reducing a shareholder’s ability to resell shares of our common stock. There has been no prior public market for the Company’s securities and the lack of such a market may make resale of the stock difficult. No prior public market has existed for the Company’s securities and the Company cannot assure any investor that a market will develop subsequent to this offering. An investor must be fully aware of the long-term nature of an investment in the Company. The Company intends to apply for quotation of its common stock on the OTC Bulletin Board as soon as possible, which may be while this offering is still in process. To qualify for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board, an equity security must have one registered broker-dealer, known as the market maker, willing to list bid or sale quotations and to sponsor the company listing (currently, the Company does not have an arrangement with any such market maker to qualify the Company’s securities for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board). Moreover, the Company does not know if it will be successful in such application for quotation on the OTC bulletin board, how long such application will take, or, that if successful, that a market for the common stock will ever develop or continue on the OTC Bulletin Board. If for any reason the common stock is not listed on the OTC Bulletin Board or a public trading market does not otherwise develop, investors in the offering may have difficulty selling their common stock should they desire to do so. If the Company is not successful in its application for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board, it will apply to have its securities quoted by the Pink OTC Markets, Inc., real-time quotation service for over-the-counter equities. Shares of common stock in the Company are subject to resale restrictions imposed by Rule 144 of the Securities and Exchange Commission . The shares of common stock held by current shareholders are “restricted securities” subject to the limitations of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. In general, securities can be sold pursuant to Rule 144 after being fully-paid and held for more than 12 months. Shares of the Company’s common stock are subject to Rule 144 resale restrictions, and accordingly, investors are subject to such resale limitations. 15 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus contains, in addition to historical information, certain information, assumptions and discussions that may constitute forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially than those projected or anticipated. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, the Company cannot assure an investor that the forward-looking statements set out in this prospectus will prove to be accurate. The Company’s businesses can be affected by, without limitation, such things as natural disasters, economic trends, international strife or upheavals, consumer demand patterns, labor relations, existing and new competition, consolidation, and growth patterns within the industries in which the Company competes and any deterioration in the economy may individually or in combination impact future results. DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE There is no public market for the Company’s common stock and the price at which the Shares are being offered has been arbitrarily determined by the Company. This price does not necessarily bear any direct relationship to the assets, operations, book or other established criteria of value of the Company but represents solely the arbitrary opinion of management of the Company. USE OF PROCEEDS Our offering is being made in a direct public offering. SkyWolf Wind Turbine Corporation expects to disburse the proceeds from this offering in the priority set forth below within the first 12 months after successful completion of this offering. Not taking into account any possible additional funding or revenues, SkyWolf Wind Turbine Corporation intends to use the proceeds from this offering as follows. The following chart indicates the amount of funds that we will allocate to each item, but does not indicate the total fee/cost of each item. The amount of proceeds we allocate to each item is dependent upon the amount of proceeds we receive from this offering: Application of Proceeds 100% of Shares Sold 50% of Shares Sold 25% of Shares Sold $ Amount % of Total $ Amount % of Total $ Amount % of Total Use of Proceeds General and Administrative Administrative & Personnel (Salaries, Wages & Benefits) 500,000 17 % 480,000 32 % 450,000 60 % Project Engineer 75,000 3 % 75,000 5 % 75,000 10 % Professional Service: Accounting & Consulting 50,000 2 % 50,000 3 % 50,000 7 % Legal 100,000 3 % 50,000 3 % 25,000 3 % Computer/Server/Software 25,000 1 % 25,000 2 % 0 0 % Miscellaneous working capital 200,000 7 % 130,000 9 % 50,000 7 % Research and Development 5.0 kW Model 100,000 3 % 50,000 3 % 0 0 % Hydro Model 100,000 3 % 50,000 3 % 0 0 % Sales and Marketing Advertising 50,000 2 % 25,000 2 % 0 0 % Market Managers 120,000 4 % 120,000 8 % 60,000 8 % Media/Marketing/PR/Inside Sales 80,000 3 % 80,000 5 % 40,000 5 % Marketing Commercialization Expansion to attend tradeshows and conferences 50,000 2 % 50,000 3 % 0 0 % Marketing material 25,000 1 % 25,000 2 % 0 0 % SWCC Certification 200,000 7 % 200,000 13 % 0 0 % UL Certification 50,000 2 % 50,000 3 % 0 0 % CE Marking (Europe) 40,000 1 % 40,000 3 % 0 0 % Travel 25,000 1 % 0 0 % 0 0 % Website 30,000 1 % 0 0 % 0 0 % Demo units 100,000 3 % 0 0 % 0 0 % Plant 0 Equipment Investment 100,000 3 % 0 0 % 0 0 % Expansion 600,000 20 % 0 0 % 0 0 % Rent & leasing expenses 40,000 1 % 0 0 % 0 0 % Production personnel 180,000 6 % 0 0 % 0 0 % Field Service 60,000 2 % 0 0 % 0 0 % Inventory 100,000 3 % 0 0 % 0 0 % Total Use of Proceeds $ 3,000,000 100 % $ 1,500,000 100 % $ 750,000 100 % Offering Expenses (1) Legal Fees and Expenses 100,000 100,000 100,000 Audit Fees and Expenses (2) 40,950 40,950 40,950 SEC Registration Fee 12,705.99 12,705.99 12,705.99 Transfer Agent, Registration Fees & Expenses 0 0 0 Miscellaneous Expenses 0 0 0 Total Offering Expenses $ 153,655.99 $ 153,655.99 $ 153,655.99 (1) Offering expenses will not be paid from proceeds received from the offering. (2) Audit fees are strictly related to the amount of work performed by our auditor, and the percentage of shares sold in this offering has no impact on our audit fees. If we do not raise sufficient funds from this offering to cover audit related fees, we will have to seek additional outside financing to cover such expenses. 16 We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents, anticipated cash flow from operations and the proceeds from the sale of the maximum amount of shares being offered hereunder will only be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for the next 18-24 months. Our management has determined that the maximum amount of funds received from this offering would be sufficient to cover our intended plan of operations contemplated hereby. The Company will use any proceeds received to file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as to proceed with the Company’s intended business. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will raise any funds through its direct participation offering. As with any form of financing, there are uncertainties concerning the availability of such funds and the likelihood that such funds will be available to the Company on terms acceptable to us. PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION; TERMS OF THE OFFERING SkyWolf Wind Turbine Corporation has issued and outstanding as of the date of this prospectus 75,777,750 shares of Common Stock. The Company is registering an additional 1,500,000 shares of its Common Stock for sale at the price of $2.00 per share. There is no arrangement to address the possible effect of the Offering on the price of the stock. In connection with the Company’s selling efforts in the Offering, our officers and directors will not register as broker-dealers pursuant to Section 15 of the Exchange Act, but rather will rely upon the “safe harbor” provisions of SEC Rule 3a4-1, promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). Generally speaking, Rule 3a4-1 provides an exemption from the broker-dealer registration requirements of the Exchange Act for persons associated with an issuer that participate in an offering of the issuer’s securities. None of our officers or directors are subject to any statutory disqualification, as that term is defined in Section 3(a)(39) of the Exchange Act. Our officers and directors will not be compensated in connection with their participation in the offering by the payment of commissions or other remuneration based either directly or indirectly on transactions in our securities. Gerald Brock, our Chief Executive Officer, is not now and has not been within the past 12 months, a broker or dealer, and has not been within the past 12 months an associated person of a broker or dealer. At the end of the Offering, Mr. Brock will continue to perform substantial duties for the Company or on its behalf otherwise than in connection with transactions in securities. Mr. Brock will not participate in selling an offering of securities for any issuer more than once every 12 months other than in reliance on Exchange Act Rule 3a4-1(a)(4)(i) or (iii). 17 In order to comply with the applicable securities laws of certain states, the securities will be offered or sold in those states only if they have been registered or qualified for sale; an exemption from such registration or if qualification requirement is available and with which the Company has complied. In addition, and without limiting the foregoing, the Company will be subject to applicable provisions, rules and regulations under the Exchange Act with regard to security transactions during the period of time when this Registration Statement is effective. Offering Period and Expiration Date This Offering will start on the date of this prospectus and continue for a period of up to 24 months, unless extended by our Board of Directors. Procedures for Subscribing If you decide to subscribe for any securities in this Offering, you must: 1. Execute and deliver a subscription agreement; and 2. Deliver a check, certified funds or cash by wire transfer of immediately available funds directly to the Company for acceptance or rejection (or to any such applicable broker-dealer or underwriter that may be engaged by the Company in connection with the offering in the future). The subscription agreement requires you to disclose your name, address, social security number, telephone number, number of shares you are purchasing, and the price you are paying for your shares. All checks for subscriptions must be made payable to SkyWolf Wind Turbine Corporation . Acceptance of Subscriptions Upon the Company’s acceptance of a Subscription Agreement and receipt of full payment, the Company shall countersign the Subscription Agreement and issue a stock certificate along with a copy of the Subscription Agreement. Right to Reject Subscriptions We have the right to accept or reject subscriptions in whole or in part, for any reason or for no reason. All monies from rejected subscriptions will be returned immediately by us to the subscriber, without interest or deductions. Subscriptions for securities will be accepted or rejected within 48 hours after we receive them. Penny Stock Regulation The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than $5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system). The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC, that: · Contains a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; · Contains a description of the broker’s or dealer’s duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to a violation of such duties; · Contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including “bid” and “ask” prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; · Contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; · Defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading penny stocks; and, · Contains such other information and is in such form (including language, type, size, and format) as the SEC shall require by rule or regulation. 18 The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with the following, prior to proceeding with any transaction in a penny stock: · Bid and offer quotations for the penny stock; · Details of the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; · The number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; and, · Monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer’s account. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules; the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser’s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements will have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our stock because it will be subject to these penny stock rules. Therefore, stockholders may have difficulty selling those securities. DILUTION Net tangible book value per share represents the amount of the Company’s tangible assets less total liabilities, divided by the 75,777,750 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of the date of this registration statement. Net tangible book value dilution per share represents the difference between the amount per share paid by purchasers of the Shares in this Offering assuming the offering price of $2.00 per share of Common Stock and the pro forma net tangible book value per share of Common Stock immediately after completion of the offering. After giving effect to the sale of the 1,500,000 shares offered by the Company hereunder, at an Offering Price of $2.00 per share the pro forma net tangible book value of the Company as of the date of this registration statement, would have been $.033 per share, representing an immediate increase in tangible book value of $.0388 per share to existing shareholders and an immediate dilution of $(1.967) per share to purchasers of the Shares. The following table illustrates the foregoing information with respect to new investors on a per share basis: 1,500,000 Shares (100%) 750,000 Shares (50%) 375,000 Shares (25%) 150,000 Shares (10%) Offering price per share $ 2.00 2.00 2.00 2.00 Net tangible book value per share before Offering $ (.0058 ) (.0058 ) (.0058 ) (.0058 ) Increase per share attributable to new investors $ .0388 .0196 .0098 .0039 Pro forma net tangible book value per share after Offering $ .033 .0138 .0040 (.0019 ) Dilution per share to new investors $ (1.967 ) (1.9862 ) (1.996 ) (2.0019 ) DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY Our principal executive office is located at 156 Court Street, Geneseo, NY 14454. We currently rent this space for approximately $1,500 per month on a month to month basis. Currently, this space is sufficient to meet our needs, however, once we expand our business to a significant degree, we will have to find a larger space. We do not foresee any significant difficulties in obtaining any required additional space. We do not currently own any real property. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES Capitalization The Company is authorized to issue 110,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001, of which 75,777,750 shares are outstanding as of the date of the registration statement, of which this prospectus is a part. 19 The following statements relating to the capital stock set forth the material terms of the securities of the Company. Reference is also made to the more detailed provisions of the certificate of incorporation and the by-laws, copies of which are filed as exhibits to this registration statement. Common Stock The Company is registering up to 1,500,000 shares of common stock, for sale to the public by the holders thereof at a price of $2.00 per share. The holders of the Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. Holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends as may be declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefor. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, holders of Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities. The holders of Common Stock do not have preemptive rights, or the right to participate in future offerings of capital stock of the Company. As such, the holders of Common Stock are subject to dilution in connection with future offerings. Admission to Quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board If the Company meets the qualifications, it intends to apply for quotation of its securities on the OTC Bulletin Board. The OTC Bulletin Board differs from national and regional stock exchanges in that it (1) is not situated in a single location but operates through communication of bids, offers and confirmations between broker-dealers and (2) securities admitted to quotation are offered by one or more broker-dealers rather than the "specialist" common to stock exchanges. To qualify for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board, an equity security must have one registered broker-dealer, known as the market maker, willing to list bid or sale quotations and to sponsor the company listing. In addition, the Company must make available adequate current public information as required by applicable rules and regulations. In certain cases the Company may elect to have its securities initially quoted in the Pink Sheets published by Pink OTC Markets Inc. In general there is greater liquidity for traded securities on the OTC Bulletin Board, and less through quotation on the Pink Sheets. It is not possible to predict where, if at all, the securities of the Company will be traded following the effectiveness of this registration statement. Transfer Agent It is anticipated that the Company will act as its own transfer agent. Penny Stock Regulation Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than $5.00 per share other than securities registered on national securities exchanges or listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities are provided by the exchange or system. The penny stock rules impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell such securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally those with assets in excess of $1,000,000 or annual income exceeding $200,000, or $300,000 together with their spouse). For transactions covered by these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of such securities and have received the purchaser's written consent to the transaction prior to the purchase. Additionally, for any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require the delivery, prior to the transaction, of a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally, monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information on the limited market in penny stocks. Because of these penny stock rules, broker-dealers may be restricted in their ability to sell the Company’s common stock. The foregoing required penny stock restrictions will not apply to the Company’s common stock if such stock reaches and maintains a market price of $5.00 per share or greater. Dividends The Company has not paid any dividends to date. The Company intends to employ all available funds for the growth and development of its business, and accordingly, does not intend to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. 20 INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO REGISTRANT THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS SHOULD BE READ TOGETHER WITH THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF SKYWOLF WIND TURBINE CORPORATION AND THE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS INCLUDED ELSEWHERE IN THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON FORM S-1. THIS DISCUSSION SUMMARIZES THE SIGNIFICANT FACTORS AFFECTING OUR OPERATING RESULTS, FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND LIQUIDITY AND CASH-FLOW SINCE INCEPTION. DESCRIPTION OF OUR BUSINESS Company Introduction SkyWolf is the only company that sells a state of the art, patented Solar Hybrid Wind Turbine System which is the ultimate renewable energy product. Finally, an innovative solution that extracts energy from both wind and sun simultaneously or individually depending on which energy source is available. In addition, it can be installed almost anywhere usually requiring only local building permits. Our Hybrid’s technology opens the door to affordable, clean power throughout the world for homeowners, farmers, municipalities, colleges, mini-grids, prisons, airports, commercial properties and in particular undeveloped countries. SkyWolf is committed to bringing renewable energy to third world countries with no viable options for electrical power. Imagine a single SkyWolf unit powering a well that provides safe drinking water for an entire village; saving countless lives. Wind and Sun energy are endless resources available world-wide, offering the best return on investment of any renewable energy in the market today. The Solar Hybrid Diffused Augmented Wind Turbine on Site Corporate History and General Information about the Company SkyWolf Wind Turbine Corporation (the “Company”) located at 156 Court Street, Geneseo, New York 14454, was incorporated under the laws of the State of New York on August 3, 2010 and was formerly known as Brock Renewable Energy Research & Development Corporation. The Company is the designer, manufacturer, and supplier of a patented Solar Hybrid Diffused Augmented Wind Turbine aka “The Hybrid”, which uses wind and solar energy sources combined in one unit. The Company has not filed for bankruptcy, receivership or any similar proceedings nor is in the process of filing for bankruptcy, receivership or any similar proceedings. The Company currently has six full-time employees/consultants along with several independent sales representatives. The manufacturing facility and administrative offices are located in a single 5,000 sq. ft. building where products are developed, manufactured, marketed and sold along with feasibility studies to determine optimum site location. 21 Business and Market Summary After six years of research and development that resulted in three patents, SkyWolf made a major technological breakthrough with a patented Diffused Augmented Wind Turbine design (DAWT). The DAWT is capable of producing more energy output at lower wind speeds then conventional wind turbines and with a significantly smaller footprint. By reducing static pressure behind its rotor blades, the DAWT has been shown to exponentially increase efficiency and electric energy output by 50% or more as compared to conventional wind turbines of the same size. Adding Solar to the DAWT resulted in another patent for a Solar Hybrid Diffused Augmented Wind Turbine (aka HDAWT or “Hybrid”) that gives SkyWolf a distinct advantage in the renewable energy market by harnessing wind and solar energy simultaneously. SkyWolf’s design addresses the pitfalls and limitations of conventional wind turbines which represent a largely untapped market and a great business opportunity. Consumers with extremely rural or difficult sites or a varied mix of Solar/Wind energy will greatly benefit from the Hybrid design. SkyWolf’s improvements over small to medium sized wind turbine competitors are listed below: · Current height of competitors reduced from an average of 100' to Sky Wolf's 32'. o No FAA permit required for SkyWolf, only a normal building permit. o SkyWolf only requires 100 ft 2 , instead of 43,560 ft 2 (1.00 Acre). · The fan blades are enclosed in a shroud with SkyWolf which ; o Results in substantial noise reduction. o Eliminates sun flutter from large rotating blades. o Removes the liability of ice flying off fan blades and causing injury. o Dramatically reduces bird deaths. · SkyWolf reduces site issues because; o Increased wind speed range makes more sites viable. o 32' height is like a tree hence much less visually challenging. o The small, shroud containing the blades looks appealing. o It can be erected on any approved building lot. o Maintenance is simple and cost effective at 32' (no massive crane required). · SkyWolf dramatically increases efficiency and ; o Expands the operational wind speed range from 6 - 31 mph to 5 - 60 mph. o Extracts at least 50% more power out of wind to make it much more affordable. · Adding Solar expands the number of usable sites and increases energy output. The void in this market segment provides a unique opportunity that can only be filled by SkyWolf, setting the stage for substantial market penetration and subsequent sales. The most promising aspect of SkyWolf’s technology lies in the expansion of new sales from customers that are dissatisfied with the current limitations of conventional wind turbines. Only our Hybrid can extract both Wind and Solar energy simultaneously to give each customer the maximum amount of usable power every day regardless of site location or weather. Each Hybrid unit comes with a complete integrated system that captures, converts, and monitors wind and solar energy production which can be grid-tied or connected into a battery based system (off-grid). Our product is patent protected and is the only unit in the market that combines wind and solar in a unique and innovative design. The unique properties of the Hybrid gives consumers an alternative to larger and less efficient wind turbines and/or over-sized solar arrays. The added benefit of solar panels incorporated into our hybrid design allows the generation of power over a broader range of conditions. Our competitive price point perfectly positions the Hybrid nationally and internationally in the energy market. Additional state and federal tax credits assist in the sale and value of our Hybrid in the US market. The Company has secured sales in New York State in both the agricultural and residential markets. Plus preliminary negotiations are underway in Colombia, South America, South Africa, Peru, Mexico, and Europe totaling $1.5 Billion dollars or more in potential sales. The Business: Wind-Solar Hybrid Turbines for Renewable Energy Generation We believe that the renewable energy sector is stronger than ever. In fact, renewables outperformed all other sources of new electricity over the past five years, and garnered more than $44 billion is U.S. investment in 2015. Currently, the US is severely dependent on carbon based fuels for energy (as shown in the table below). The volatility of fossil fuel prices combined with negative environmental effects caused by pollution have spurred the development of a substantial market for solar and wind renewable energy. We believe that the negative effects of pollution coupled with fluctuating costs and uncertain supply associated with the generation of energy from fossil fuel sources has increased the demand for renewable energy sources. 22 One of the concerns with renewable energy is the low efficiency associated with converting to electrical power. In addition, the supply of these renewable energies is not consistent with the demand and the consistency of electrical energy output as it is currently produced and consumed. Solar panels can be utilized but the size of land area required to produce sufficient energy output is extremely large. In addition, locating panels on rooftops will decay the roof structure and provide unsightly visual appearance. Conventional wind turbines have been developed as an alternative, but the expansive footprint required by conventional wind turbines designs, as high as 100 to 400 feet with large rotor diameters up to 35 feet, require extensive installation costs. In contrast, our Hybrid requires a much smaller footprint to produce the same amount of energy. 23 Conventional Wind Turbines Power Generation and Footprint We believe that SkyWolf made a major technological breakthrough with its Hybrid design. The reduction in size and jump in efficiency with the Hybrid eliminates several problems associated with wind turbines such as visual effects, noise, bird deaths and cost. SkyWolf's unique design opens up the market to residential areas, small businesses, farms, schools and municipalities, which we believe is an undersold market of approximately 41 million potential customers. The introduction of SkyWolf’s Hybrid to the green energy market will completely change the path to energy independence. This advanced technology opens the door to affordable, clean power throughout the world. We are currently in the market commercialization and business development phase of our product where we are executing market strategies and commercialization by attending key conferences and tradeshows sponsored by New York Power Authority (NYPA) and SUNY Sustainability as well as advertising in the New York State Association Counties (NYSAC) magazine. As new orders are secured, expansion will require additional staff resources and additional facility site. We intend to participate in several government programs to off-set this expansion cost and effectively assist our growth. The Marketplace The capacity for alternative energy has been growing at a significant rate. Wind power in the U.S. is now the largest source of renewable generating capacity, and has provided 30% of all new capacity installed over the past five years. Wind power provided 27% of electricity generating capacity added to the U.S. system in 2016. Within the US there are now 18 states that have over 1,000 MW of installed capacity. Those states are: Texas, Iowa, Oklahoma, California, Kansas, Illinois, Minnesota, Oregon, Washington, Colorado, North Dakota, Indiana, New York, Michigan, Wyoming, Pennsylvania, Nebraska and New Mexico. Another 16 states have 100 MW to 1,000 MW of wind power capacity. 9 states produce between 10% to 20% of their electricity with wind power, 3 states produce over 20%, and another 2 states produce over 30%. The U.S. has approximately 5.5% of its power supplied by wind as of the end of 2016 and is on a clear path to increase its energy independence utilizing wind power along with other sources of green energy. 24 US Wind Power Capacity Installations, by State (AWEA 2016 Market Report) U.S. Wind Power Capacity Installations indicates a steady increase in turbines with Iowa now ranked second in the nation with nearly 7,000 MW of installed capacity, and Oklahoma now has over 6,000 MW installed. U.S. Wind Power Capacity Installations, Top States (AWEA 2016 Market Report) Quarterly increases in Wind Power have continued to grow their wind dependence and the demographic marketplace for wind turbines in the 3-20kW range and the following statistics indicates a large pool of potential sales: · Farms 2,204,792 (Census Bureau) · Municipalities 87,525 (Census Bureau) · Business/ 100 employees+ 655,587 (Census Bureau) · Educational Institutions 248,979 (US Dept. of Education) · Government Buildings 830,000 (NY Times - April 26th, 2011) · Homeowners(adjusted) 37,702,400 (Census Bureau/Planet Green) 25 U.S. Wind Power Capacity Installations, by Quarter (AWEA 2016 Market Report) There are now 82,143 MW of installed wind capacity in the United States and more than 52,000 operating wind turbines. Map of Projects Online and under Construction in 2016 in U.S. (AWEA 2016 Market Report) For 2015, the U.S. wind industry installed a total of 8,598 MW. This represents a 77% increase over the 4,854 MW installed during 2014, and the third highest annual total in history. There are now 82,143 MW of installed wind capacity in the United States and more than 52,000 operating wind turbines. 26 Map of Wind Power Capacity under Construction in U.S. (AWEA 2016 Market Report) In the international market, the world’s total wind capacity has steadily increased from approximately 6.1 gigawatts in 1996 to approximately 283 gigawatts in 2012 and then to 432 gigawatts in 2015. Wind power has increasingly supplied global energy needs and has shown significant growth in added capacity. With the incentive of reducing greenhouse gases gaining strength, this trend is projected to continue into 2022. The World Wind Energy Association (WWEA) releases 2016 Half Year Figures for Wind Power: · 21 GW of new installations in the first half of 2016, same as is the previous year · Worldwide wind capacity has reached 456 GW, expected to reach 500 GW by the end of the year · Germany, India and Brazil leading in market growth in 2016 The WWEA also reports the worldwide wind capacity reached 456,486 MW by the end of June 2016, out of which 21,714 MW were added in the first six months of 2016. This increase is similar like in the first half of 2015, when 21.6 GW were added. All wind turbines installed worldwide by mid-2016 can generate around 4.7 % of the world’s electricity demand. The global wind capacity grew by 5% within six months (after 5.8 % in the same period in 2015 and 5.6 % in 2014) and by 16.1 % on an annual basis (mid-2016 compared with mid-2015). 27 The worlds installed wind capacity has steadily increased and has been employed as a substantial portion of the world’s energy portfolio. Wind power has increasingly supplied global energy needs and has shown significant growth in capacity added. 28 As part of our initial commercialization strategy, our early target markets include customers located in New York State, specifically governmental entities acting in compliance with New York State Clean Energy Standard and Executive Order (EO) 88, customers in the Finger Lakes region and customers in the international market. We will focus on the market segment for wind turbines under 100 kWs with sales of $191M in this segment in the US during the period 2014 - 2015. This market is primarily defined by units that range in size from 3 to 20 kWs, which apply to both residential and commercial customers. Both of these groups are generally grid-tied to the local utility which gives them the ability to sell their excess power when supply exceeds demand. Specifically, potential markets are: farms, government buildings, secondary schools, colleges, commercial buildings, RV parks, marinas, municipalities, military installations and residential customers. This represents approximately 41.7 million potential customers based primarily on census data. This segment represents a great business opportunity and largely untapped market since growth has been hampered by the limitations of conventional wind turbine designs. The Company’s Presence in the Market Our market strategy nationally seeks to expand operations by focusing on firms looking to develop their energy needs and obtain compliance with the New York State Clean Energy Standard and New York State Executive Order 88. Internationally our products are a natural fit for developing countries such as Africa, Mexico, South America, India and Turkey due to compact size, ease of assembly and the winning combination of wind plus solar. The following lists of opportunities demonstrate the potential of our products at home and internationally. The Company has delivered over $11.0 million in sales quotes to both national and international customers. We have secured commercial sales from Cottonwood Farms LLC, in Pavilion, New York and residential sales from a resident located in Piffard, NY. The Company has also submitted a feasibility proposal to the Watertown Correctional Facility New York State Department of Corrections Community Service (DOCCS). Our Solar Hybrid DAWTs are being considered for all 54 correctional facilities in New York State upon approval of a comprehensive energy audit by Wendel Engineering. PERU, South America: Internationally, the Company has entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with Ferchale Trading located in Lima, Peru. This agreement has allowed the Company to meet and visit several potential customers, utility providers, and the Peruvian Engineering Board to supply turbines for utility and mining companies, government institutions, and buildings. Lima is a city of approximately 9 million people in the country of Peru which has a total population of 30 million and provides energy by Diesel and Hydro Electric means and only reaches 20 to 30% population. Recently, Peruvian Government Legislation #1002, 2008 enacted a diverse energy mix to increase renewables in the country. Our visit to Lima in November 2016 provided the following sales opportunities: ANTAMINA MINING, one of the largest copper mining companies in South America has plans for an 80MW power generation facility using renewable energy products. A wind site feasibility study could result in placement of several hundred Hybrids and we believe potentially represents approximately $300M in sales. ELECTRO-PERU is one of the currently existing local utility providers using hydro-electric. They are in the design stages of generating and supplying a 200MW power generation plant utilizing renewables. Our discussion focused on supplying a wind site feasibility study and definition of a Statement of Work (SOW). We believe that this opportunity potentially represents approximately $600M in sales. 29 Lima, International Airport (LAP) Jorge Chavez, Callao, Peru is the main international airport serving the most populous city. The airport is undergoing a major expansion to include additional terminal(s) and the implementation of 2.5MW onsite power generation using renewables. A pilot program is being planned for a Hybrid to include testing and training. After approval, a tender will be administered with our Hybrid spec’d in. We believe that this opportunity potentially represents approximately $10M in sales. ENEL Green Power, an Italian multinational renewable energy corporation with the largest presence in Peru is planning to invest $400M in the Peruvian energy sector in a public tender in 2018 for 326MW total for 20 year supply contracts. They have identified the target energy production and areas as follows: Wind, 126MW in South Coast Marcona District, Solar 180MW in Southern Moquegua District, and Hydroelectric 20MW in Central Monzon District. Wind speeds average 32MPH. We believe that this opportunity potentially represents approximately $450M in sales. COELVISAC is another one of the currently existing local utility providers. They are in the design stages of several projects and very interested in utilizing our Hybrid. Our discussion focused on supplying a wind site feasibility study to proceed. We believe that this opportunity potentially represents approximately $1M in sales. STATKRAFT is a Norwegian company that is another one of the currently existing local utility providers utilizing Hydroelectric. They are in the design stages of several projects and very interested in utilizing our Hybrid. Our discussion focused on supplying a wind/site feasibility studies to proceed. We believe that this opportunity potentially represents approximately $1M in sales. In addition, we met and presented to MINEM, the Peruvian Ministry Energy Board who provides oversight and concession and the SUPERVISORY AGENCY for INVESTMENT ENERGY (OSINERGMIN) who writes the technical specs and standards governing energy. Both government agencies expressed a strong interest in the Hybrid. AFRICA: In addition, the company has received a Request for Procurement (RFP) from Rendeavour, a firm specializing in urban development in Africa. This RFP is for a Phase 1 & 2 Photovoltaic Energy Facility in Kiswishi City development in Lubumbashi, Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and includes technical and tender details for a two-phased project: 1. Phase 1 represents $5.0 million in projected sales: A 1 MW project to serve the first phase of Kiswishi, Rendeavour’s satellite city development in Lubumbashi. Phase 1 will be financed by Rendeavour or Rendeavour will sign a Power Purchase Agreement with an off-take guarantee. 2. Phase 2 represents $15 million in projected sales: A project of up to 350MW to serve the phased expansion of Kiswishi and the immediate needs of Katanga Province, DRC, where Kiswishi is located. Phase 2 will require external financing and ownership, to which Rendeavour will provide land (leased to a JV company or in return for an equity stake) for the project, which will rely on off-take from third parties such as the state power company and local businesses. MEXICO: We are also in discussions with Foxconn Corp., which is looking to procure energy for its 130,000 sq. ft. facility. This opportunity represents $2.0 million to $5.0 million in projected sales. New York State : Since the implementation of Executive Order 88, SkyWolf has aggressively started to market and exhibit their product at several core tactical marketing conferences, which include the SUNY 2015 Sustainability Conference, the New York Power 2015 Innovators Summit, and the 2016 NYSAC Legislative Conference. Through this activity, we have visited and conducted a site analysis of NYS Corrections Facility for the placement of several Hybrid’s and submitted a feasibility proposal to be an energy solution provider to all the correctional facilities in NYS. In addition, we are in discussions with New York State Office of Parks, Recreation, and Historic Preservation Department for the potential installation of our products in over 4,000 buildings owned and managed by the department. International : SkyWolf exhibited at Germany’s 2016 Hannover Messe, the World’s leading trade fair for industrial technology, which covers the manufacturing and energy sectors. Exhibiting at this fair connected us to approximately 200,000 attendees from 70 countries comprised of 100 business delegations. In addition, we have received strong interest from companies located in other regions such as Africa, Mexico, Afghanistan, and Asia. We are also in discussion with a manufacturer located in China that will allow fabrication, sales, and delivery of our products to that region. 30 Our Products: Solar Hybrid Wind Diffused Augmented Wind Turbine The basic premise of a wind turbine is to extract energy out of airflow which is created by the unequal heating of the earth. Wind turbines convert the kinetic energy from wind into mechanical power that runs a generator. When wind blows past a turbine, the blades capture energy and rotate. This rotation triggers an internal shaft to spin, which is connected to a gearbox that is connected to a generator ultimately producing electricity. The SkyWolf Hybrid model has six turbine blades mounted for rotation about a longitudinal axis on a rotating hub. Ideally, the blade length will extend almost all the way to the inner side of the front diffuser, which surrounds the blades. The shape is conical and has an upstream and downstream opening. A backside section extends from the front diffuser and is used to assemble the parts used to enhance airflow. Because the plates are discontinuous, there are gaps between adjacent plates. Consequently, the air exiting the downstream opening and air moving through the axial air passage under the plates are mixed and a portion of the mixed air exits through the gaps. Pulling air outward from the interior airflow path reduces pressure behind the rotor blades which increases air flow and enhances the extraction of kinetic energy from the air path. The plates are tilted away from the axis of rotation of the blades which allows the wind turbine to turn into the direction of the wind and helps boost extraction efficiency. In order to fully optimize the extraction of wind energy, a special rotor blade was designed specifically for SkyWolf's wind turbine. Each blade design option (2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 & 8 blades) was methodically tested utilizing a Campbell Scientific CR800 data logger with a certified AWEA Anemometer before establishing 6 blades was the optimum design for our wind turbine. Prototype Diffused Augmented Wind Turbine Design In 2013, the idea and design to include solar panels in replacement of the directional plates optimized the ability to capture both wind and solar renewable energies. This break-through in design led to the introduction in late 2014 of eight bi-facial solar panels to give us our current SkyWolf Solar Hybrid Diffused Augmented Wind Turbine (aka HDAWT or Hybrid) model. 31 Current Solar Hybrid Diffused Augmented Wind Turbine (HDAWT) Design In order to fully optimize the extraction of kinetic energy from wind, SkyWolf has designed four critical parts listed below that operate as a single, highly efficient system: · The forward Diffuser made from polypropylene w/woven glass fiber, channels the air flow into the specially designed light weight cast aluminum turbine blades and augments the wind through the bifacial solar panels that allow for rotation at speeds as low as 5 mph and up to 60 mph; · A carbon steel housing Pivot Hub with tempered steel pivot shaft, and heavy duty conical roller bearings (greased) constantly positions the turbine in the head wind; · The addition of eight bi-facial solar panels collects solar energy on both surfaces while continuously aligning turbine with head wind; and · The attached back section incorporates a design that pulls additional air away from the interior air path and prevents a stall point so air can flow freely. The Hybrid has been designed as a simple, modular system which is shipped in 20’ ocean freight containers directly to the job-site eliminating the need for expensive, temporary storage. The product is listed under NAIC 221115 and SIC 3511. Each unit includes control panels used to capture the electrical energy produced, interface with AC, invert DC to AC, tie it into the grid, provide safety control, and continually monitor the wind turbine at the site. A typical control panel layout is depicted below: 32 CONTROL PANEL A power curve measures the usable power extracted from wind at all of the various wind speeds experienced by a wind turbine. POWER CURVE 33 Conventional wind turbines extract usable power in the range of 6 to 31 mph, while SkyWolf's range is 5 - 60 mph, which creates a significant increase in total output power. Representative power curves are shown for both types of wind turbines in the above graph. Because SkyWolf’s Hybrid is extremely more efficient at extracting power from wind, each data point represents more power than conventional wind turbines can extract. However, there is a dramatic gain in output power above 26 mph which often happens during storms and shifts in pressure fronts. Consequently, SkyWolf’s product does not have the limitations experienced by traditionally designed wind turbines and produces usable power over the entire range of 5 - 60 mph. This is only achievable by SkyWolf and dramatically differentiates our product from our competitors in the marketplace. Intellectual Property and Patents Awarded SkyWolf holds the following patents which have been issued by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO): · “High efficiency wind turbine having increased laminar air flow,” US 8,672,624 B2, issued March 18, 2014. · “Multiple mixing internal external fluid driven high efficiency wind turbine having reduced downstream pressure,” US 8,721,279 B2, issued May 13, 2014. · “High efficiency wind turbine including photovoltaic cells,” US 8,851,836 B2, issued October 7, 2014. · “Housing for a high efficiency wind turbine,” US 9,322,391 B2, issued April 26, 2016. 34 35 36 37 38 SkyWolf also has the following patent pending: · “Multiple mixing internal external fluid driven high efficiency wind turbine having reduced downstream pressure,” International Patent Application US2012/033862, receipt date April 17, 2012. Product Development The design and testing for the current 3.5kW Solar Hybrid (HDAWT) is complete and the Company is in the design phase for releasing an additional model which features a 5.0kW generator. Design and testing of the larger size unit are proceeding and the extent of design changes are expected to be minimal. Consequentially, the company expects this model to be available later this year. The Company believes that by introducing a larger scale model of the Hybrid, it will be well positioned to expand sales into market segments requiring more energy. Pricing The Company anticipates offering its products at an average sales price of $45,000 in quantities of 1-10, which we believe is a market-competitive price. Quantity discounts are available for 11- 30 and 30+ size orders. Given the small physical size, efficient energy output and ease of installation (with no additional guide wires) our products are competitive with similar turbines. However, as sales volumes increase, cost savings of 15% - 20% will be anticipated and passed on to customers through price reductions which will stimulate sales. Competition We currently do not compete with wind turbine manufacturers, such as GE and Siemens, who sell large 100 foot to 300 foot wind turbine structures commonly utilized on new commercial wind farm applications. On the other hand, we do compete against small to medium wind turbine manufacturers, such as Bergey, Eocycle, Endurance and Kingspan, who manufacture wind turbines for residential and commercial markets. However, other than our Hybrid, there is no other competing technology in the world that combines both wind and solar in one turbine giving us a very distinctive advantage. The following is a list of companies that may directly compete with SkyWolf for the 3-20kW market. Manufacturer Models (Rated Capacity) A&C Green Energy Talon5 (5kW) Bergey Windpower BWC XL.1 (1kW), BWC EXCEL (6kW), BWC EXCEL (10kW) Eocycle EO20 and EO25 (5kW) Endurance S-343 (5kW) Evancewind R9000 (5kW) Evergate Quanta20 (5kW) Fortis Wind Energy Montana 5.0m (5kW), Alize 7.0m (10kW) Hummer Wind 5kW, 10kW, 20kW Kingspan Kw6 and Kw3 Pac-Wind VAWT 5000(5kW), HydroFlow 500(Hydrogen/Oxygen) Raum Energy Raum 1.5(1.5kW) Raum 3.5(3.5kW) ReDriven Power 3kW 5 kW 10kW 20kW 50kW Renewegy LLC VP20 (20kW) with farms to 200kW) Superwind Superwind 350 (5kW) TechnoSpin Inc. PowerSpin TSW 2000(2kW), ComSpin C 2000 (2kW) Ventera Energy Inc. VT10 (10kW) WePOWER 3.4kW 5.5kW 12kW Wind Energy Solutions BV WES 5 Tulipo - (5 Metre Rotor Dia. -2.5kW) Xzeres 442SR Although any of the 19 referenced companies may compete with SkyWolf, 15 of them currently have negligible market share. Four of the remaining companies have good market penetration and experience in the wind turbine business and stand out as primary competition for SkyWolf. Bergey, Kingspan, and Xzeres have been instrumental in developing wind power and introducing it to the market. Without them, wind power would probably not have developed to the current level. However, both companies as well as the others have peaked out development-wise and are experiencing less and less return on each engineering dollar spent. Most of Bergey, Kingspan, and Xzeres's sales are based on brand, length of time in the business, and the lack of alternatives in the market place. At this juncture, it would take a bold step forward for them to make a significant impact in this technology. SkyWolf’s Hybrid design is unique and stands alone in the industry and marketplace since it’s the only patented wind turbine manufacturer to achieve energy generation from both wind and solar sources. 39 Strategic Partners and Suppliers The Company believes that strategic partnerships will be a major component of the Company’s operating strategy and path to success. Currently, several strategic partnerships include our Solar Panel, Turbine Generator, and proprietary Control Panel Equipment supplier. These relationships provide critical services and products that assist SkyWolf with proposals and solutions that help secure business. Some of the other partnerships and industry collaboration include but are not limited to: Marathon Engineering : Marathon Engineering is a Civil engineering design company located in Rochester, NY and performs site engineering services for single residential site plans to large scale institutional, commercial, and industrial developments. Energy Concepts : Energy Concepts, located in Rochester, NY, provides mechanical, HVAC, electrical, plumbing and energy conservation design services for all types of buildings. They do this throughout the northeast, for a variety of clients using various methods for implementation. They have a reputation for innovation, integrity, performance, quality, and loyalty to their clients. ABB Ltd .: Provides power and automation technologies for utility and industrial customers worldwide. It was founded in 1883 with headquarters in Zurich, Switzerland. With 41B in sales and 144,000 employees, it has a major presence throughout the world. The Process Automation Control Systems - Electrical Integrated Solutions Division has a major presence in the renewal energy arena providing control and measurement equipment throughout the industry including the wind energy sector. ABB is a supplier of several components for the SkyWolf Hybrid and offers technology partnership and engineering support and collaboration with several customer proposals. Current Commitments On December 28, 2016, the Company entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with Ferchale Trading SAC to represent SkyWolf Solar Hybrid Wind Turbine products in the territory of Peru, Chile, and Bolivia. Ferchale Trading specializes in electric energy infrastructure in the mining, textile, and petrochemical industries. They have extensive contacts with the Peruvian Government Energy and Mining Board, and utility companies. On July 27, 2016, the company has engaged Apfelpbrum Industrial Inc. to solicit and secure opportunities in Mexico and South America. They have presented our product to the Foxconn Corporation. In April 2015, the company met with representatives of RENDEAVOUR Development to discuss a Request for Procurement (RFP) for a Phase 1 & 2 Photovoltaic Energy Facility in Lubumbashi, Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC). The Company received the RFP and initiated discussion with SEWW Energy (a global minority firm that develops and operates sustainable energy and healthcare solutions) who has been commissioned by the US government to facilitate Power Africa programs. The Company had discussed and applied to the US Trade and Development Agency (USTDA), Power Africa grant applications for a $1.5M energy feasibility study in Ghana. Operations The Company currently has six full-time employees, not including independent sales consultants. The Company is currently located in a 5,000 sq. ft. building in Geneseo, NY which houses the Company’s administrative offices and manufacturing facility. The Company develops, market, sells, manufactures and ships its wind turbine products from this facility. The Company also offers field service support and installation training. The Company offers a 20-year limited warranty with respect to the turbines that it plans to sell. The Company also offers and performs Feasibility Studies to determine energy use and optimum site location. 40 With the completion of design and testing of the Hybrid, SkyWolf is conducting operations to implement our commercial market strategies. Additional sales channels are being developed as the Company grows. Some additional independent representatives have been added, notably in South America and pending in Africa, Australia, Mexico, Caribbean, and the Middle East. We are also partnering with Empire State Development (ESD) to assist us with Global New York (http://global.ny.gov/) grant applications to expand our sales channels both domestically and internationally. The Hybrid represents a High Tech commercial product that is sold typically through a solicitation or procurement by a State of Work (SOW) or Request for Proposals (RFP) from larger institutions. Sales and Marketing The Company has executed its initial market commercialization strategies in advertising and marketing starting in September 2015. However, since the primary focus of the Company since inception has been to obtain all of the primary patents and finalize a design, the current marketing strategy continues to evolve as products enter the marketplace. Our initial sales channel will be direct sales and through targeted tradeshows and industry conferences. Additional sales engineers and market managers will be hired to target these specific market segments and territories. Therefore, the company is starting to obtain and identify key independent representation with pre-existing contacts in globally expanding markets that desperately need renewable energy. The Company will monitor initial sales ensuring a smooth transition into the market has been established before implementing the full sales plan. The commercial launch of SkyWolf’s Hybrid began with a review and research of impacting energy associations, conferences, municipal partners, tradeshows, and government agencies that impact, monitor, or utilize renewable energy technologies. To introduce and increase our product exposure we have elected to participate, attend, and partner with several targeted organizations as follows: Government Agencies The following governmental agencies govern, establish, and promote renewable energy technologies in New York State. We have relied upon certain initiatives and programs implemented by these agencies, such as EO 88 and the New York State Clean Energy Standard, to assist in the development of our business and identify key sales channels. Municipal Partners Conferences and Trade Shows Recently there is a rapid initiative for counties to establish alternative energy resources for their communities with escalating utility costs. SkyWolf plans to join the New York State Association of Counties (NYSAC) as well as place advertisements in their quarterly news magazine that provides us access to 63 counties and 5,000 members in county government. SkyWolf has strategically targeted specific tradeshows that will highlight our product and provide maximum exposure to key markets, industries, and decision makers. NYPA has recently established a Build Smart program which holds an annual Innovation Summit that allowed SkyWolf to showcase their new Hybrid. In addition, the State University New York (SUNY) holds an annual sustainability conference that provided SkyWolf with the connection of 64 college universities looking to establish sustainable programs. 41 Market Strategy Map Market developments clearly articulate a huge demand for renewable energy combined with increased government programs and requirements for sustainable energy and provide a large market opportunity for new technology products. SkyWolf is well positioned to sell its Hybrid to meet this demand. In review of this marketplace, our core strategy we selected is to commercially launch our technology and product by four geographic market segments and industries as outlined in our Market Strategy Map below. SkyWolf Market Strategy Map Markets International Market National Market NYS Market Finger Lakes Region Local Market Target Customers Under-developed Countries Large Institutions both Public and Private EO-88 designation, New York State Clean Energy Standard Small Businesses, Retailers, Farms Potential Qty Purchase 100s 100s 10 to 100s 1 to 10 Turbine Application Alternative Energy Source, Municipalities, Private Industry, off grid locations Alternative Energy Source, Municipalities, Private Industry NYSERDA Wind Farms, Alternative Energy Source, Municipalities, Private Industry Municipalities, Private Industry Turbine Mfg Competition Bergey, Superwind, Eocycle, Endurance, Kingspan, Evancewind, Evergate Bergey, Eocycle, Endurance, Kingspan, Evancewind Bergey, Eocycle, Endurance, Kingspan, Evancewind, Evergate Bergey, Eocycle, Endurance, Kingspan, Evancewind, Evergate Difficulty to Penetrate Low-Moderate Moderate - High Moderate Moderate Mktg Expense High High Low Lowest Rev $$$ Potential Highest ($$$) High ($$) High ($$) Low ($) Sales Channel Agents, Tradeshows (Germany’s 2016 Hannover Messe, the World’s leading trade fair for industrial technology, which covers the manufacturing and energy sectors) National Associations (AASHE), Independent Reps, Distributors Tradeshows (SUNY Sustainability Conference, NY Power Authority Innovators Summit, NYSAC Legislative Conference) Direct, Distributors 42 As outlined in our market strategy map, with Executive Order 88 in place, New York State has been identified as the target region to immediately secure and execute initial sales. The low cost of penetration, physical proximity to our production facility and current resources makes NYS a cost effective sales launch for the Hybrid. The market for wind turbines under 100kW's is a segment that fits perfectly into the SkyWolf product line. Wind turbine sales in this segment of the market from 2003 to the end of 2015 were 75,000 units totaling 934 MW’s of power. This market is primarily defined by units that range in size from 3 to 20kW's, which apply to both residential and commercial customers. Both of these groups are generally grid-tied to the local utility which gives them the ability to sell their excess power when supply exceeds demand. In review of our market strategy map, given the low cost to penetrate, several government programs, a Governor executed executive order, high industry demand for alternative clean energy, expedient expectations for clean energy products, and close proximity to our plant, SkyWolf has decided to target New York State commercial and public sector applications. These commercial applications will provide quantity and scale and include: - Government facilities and buildings (i.e.; correctional facilities, colleges and universities, etc) - Municipal Counties and Towns and Villages - Mission Critical Infrastructure to include Hospitals, DOT, Communication Centers, etc. - Airports - Industry - Small Business Owner - Farms to include winery, organic crops, and cattle Residential applications may apply but until tax credits can be obtained by completing a NYSERDA certification per Small Wind Certification Council (SWCC), scalable quantities will not be recognized. The void in these commercial market segments provide a unique opportunity for scalable and subsequent sales of our Hybrid product. Additional demand for Micro-Grid applications by developing countries and municipalities have developed as they seek to implement technologies for their critical energy needs. The Hybrid is an ideal fit for both municipalities and off-grid applications in more rural areas in developing countries. This is an exciting opportunity for the Hybrid and interest has increased dramatically since it was introduced internationally leading to $1.5B in potential sales and $11M in quotes Equipment Financing The Company has no existing equipment financing arrangements. Legal Proceedings We know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings against our Company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which our directors, officers or any affiliates, or any registered or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest. THE COMPANY Relationship with Tiber Creek Corporation The Company entered into an engagement agreement with Tiber Creek Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“Tiber Creek”), whereby Tiber Creek would provide assistance to the Company in effecting transactions for the Company to become a public reporting company, including: causing the preparation and filing of forms, including a registration statement, with the Securities and Exchange Commission; assist in listing its securities on a trading exchange; and assist in establishing and maintaining relationships with market makers and broker-dealers. 43 Under the agreement, Tiber Creek is entitled to receive cash fees from the Company at the time the engagement agreement was signed. In addition, Tiber Creek and MB Americus, LLC, a California limited liability company (“MB Americus”), were issued an aggregate total of 250,000 shares. Intellectual Property SkyWolf holds the following patents which have been issued by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO): · “High efficiency wind turbine having increased laminar air flow,” US 8,672,624 B2, issued March 18, 2014. · “Multiple mixing internal external fluid driven high efficiency wind turbine having reduced downstream pressure,” US 8,721,279 B2, issued May 13, 2014. · “High efficiency wind turbine including photovoltaic cells,” US 8,851,836 B2, issued October 7, 2014. · “Housing for a high efficiency wind turbine,” US 9,322,391 B2, issued April 26, 2016. 44 45 46 47 48 SkyWolf also has the following patent pending: · “Multiple mixing internal external fluid driven high efficiency wind turbine having reduced downstream pressure,” International Patent Application US2012/033862, receipt date April 17, 2012. Research and Development The Company has undertaken significant research and development activities. For example, in 2015 alone, the Company spent $164,884 in research and development expenses alone. Employees Currently, the Company has six employees. We have an employment agreement with Mr. Paul Morrell, our Vice President of Business Development. No other employees have employment agreements with the Company. Property The Company does not currently own any real property. The Company is a party to a month to month lease agreement regarding the rental of 5,000 square feet of space in Geneseo, New York. The monthly rent under the agreement is $1,500 per month. Subsidiaries The Company has no subsidiaries. Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act In April, 2012, the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act ("JOBS Act") was enacted into law. The JOBS Act provides, among other things: Exemptions for emerging growth companies from certain financial disclosure and governance requirements for up to five years and provides a new form of financing to small companies; Amendments to certain provisions of the federal securities laws to simplify the sale of securities and increase the threshold number of record holders required to trigger the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; Relaxation of the general solicitation and general advertising prohibition for Rule 506 offerings; Adoption of a new exemption for public offerings of securities in amounts not exceeding $50 million; and Exemption from registration by a non-reporting company of offers and sales of securities of up to $1,000,000 that comply with rules to be adopted by the SEC pursuant to Section 4(6) of the Securities Act and exemption of such sales from state law registration, documentation or offering requirements. In general, under the JOBS Act, a company is an emerging growth company if its initial public offering ("IPO") of common equity securities was effected after December 8, 2011 and the company had less than $1 billion of total annual gross revenues during its last completed fiscal year. A company will no longer qualify as an emerging growth company after the earliest of (i) the completion of the fiscal year in which the company has total annual gross revenues of $1 billion or more, (ii) the completion of the fiscal year of the fifth anniversary of the company's IPO; (iii) the company's issuance of more than $1 billion in nonconvertible debt in the prior three-year period, or (iv) the company becoming a "larger accelerated filer" as defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 49 The JOBS Act provides additional new guidelines and exemptions for non-reporting companies and for non-public offerings. Those exemptions that impact the Company are discussed below. Financial Disclosure. The financial disclosure in a registration statement filed by an emerging growth company pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 will differ from registration statements filed by other companies as follows: (i) audited financial statements required for only two fiscal years; (ii) selected financial data required for only the fiscal years that were audited; (iii) executive compensation only needs to be presented in the limited format now required for smaller reporting companies. (A smaller reporting company is one with a public float of less than $75 million as of the last day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter). However, the requirements for financial disclosure provided by Regulation S-K promulgated by the Rules and Regulations of the SEC already provide certain of these exemptions for smaller reporting companies. The Company is a smaller reporting company. Currently a smaller reporting company is not required to file as part of its registration statement selected financial data and only needs audited financial statements for its two most current fiscal years and no tabular disclosure of contractual obligations. The JOBS Act also exempts the Company's independent registered public accounting firm from complying with any rules adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ("PCAOB") after the date of the JOBS Act's enactment, except as otherwise required by SEC rule. The JOBS Act also exempts an emerging growth company from any requirement adopted by the PCAOB for mandatory rotation of the Company's accounting firm or for a supplemental auditor report about the audit. Internal Control Attestation. The JOBS Act also provides an exemption from the requirement of the Company's independent registered public accounting firm to file a report on the Company's internal control over financial reporting, although management of the Company is still required to file its report on the adequacy of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Section 102(a) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from the requirements in §14A(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for companies with a class of securities registered under the 1934 Act to hold shareholder votes for executive compensation and golden parachutes. Other Items of the JOBS Act. The JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can communicate with potential investors that are qualified institutional buyers or institutions that are accredited to determine interest in a contemplated offering either prior to or after the date of filing the respective registration statement. The Act also permits research reports by a broker or dealer about an emerging growth company regardless if such report provides sufficient information for an investment decision. In addition the JOBS Act precludes the SEC and FINRA from adopting certain restrictive rules or regulations regarding brokers, dealers and potential investors, communications with management and distribution of a research reports on the emerging growth company IPO. Section 106 of the JOBS Act permits emerging growth companies to submit 1933 Act registration statements on a confidential basis provided that the registration statement and all amendments are publicly filed at least 21 days before the issuer conducts any road show. This is intended to allow the emerging growth company to explore the IPO option without disclosing to the market the fact that it is seeking to go public or disclosing the information contained in its registration statement until the company is ready to conduct a roadshow. Election to Opt Out of Transition Period. Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a 1933 Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the 1934 Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standard. The JOBS Act provides a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of the transition period. 50 PLAN OF OPERATION Business Plan The Company is an early-stage company, starting to generate sales and revenue by implementing its market commercialization strategies to continue to design, develop, market, manufacture and sell its Hybrid wind turbine in regional, national and international markets. In the future, the Company plans to increase revenue and raise capital to support its plan of operations. The Company would raise capital and use the proceeds of its offering to acquire companies and technology assets to expand its operations. In addition, the Company would use proceeds for purposes of hiring sales and marketing professionals, working capital operations, product inventory purchases, potential acquisition of other sales and marketing companies and product / technology companies to accelerate growth. From the beginning, the Company has adopted a cash basis policy to ensure no debt would accumulate and leverage the developing business. Terms of our orders include a 60% down payment which is used to pay for all of the parts required to fill the order. 30% payment is required upon shipment of the order and the remaining 10% is paid by our customers when the wind turbine is deemed operational. Gross profits are between 10 to 30% per unit and the overhead costs for the current business model is minimal $250,000 annually. Since all vendors are paid in full from opening order deposits, overhead still needs to be covered and with normal delays in start-up due to issues with shipping, construction and weather. Further, taking into account cancelled orders and some start-up issues due to a defective part, we project that we need to sell at least approximately 35-45 units per year in order to meet our annual businesses expenses. Potential Revenue We have begun limited production in late 2015 at our current facility and have sold 3 units in 2016 NY State for total sales of $150,000. We anticipate securing an additional order for 6 units totaling $320,000 in early 2017. As we continue to tactically expand our market commercialization efforts we expect our sales to accelerate in all geographic market segments and grow to rapidly scale to $9.6 million in 2017, $19 million in 2018 and $30.4 million in 2019 respectively. With this anticipated growth, we expect to reach total sales of $62.6 million within five years. This projection is based on an average sales price of $45,000 per unit. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes to the financial statements included elsewhere in this Registration Statement. Some of the statements under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis,” “Description of Business” and elsewhere herein may include forward-looking statements which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. These statements include forward-looking statements both with respect to us specifically and the renewable energy industry in general. Statements which include the words “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “project,” “anticipate,” “will,” and similar statements of a future or forward-looking nature identify forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws or otherwise. The safe harbor provisions of the federal securities laws do not apply to any forward-looking statements contained in this Registration Statement. All forward-looking statements address such matters that involve risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. If one or more of these or other risks or uncertainties materialize, or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may vary materially from what we projected. Any forward-looking statements you read herein reflect our current views with respect to future events and are subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or individuals acting on our behalf and such statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. The Company is an early-stage company and was incorporated in the State of New York in 2010. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, the Company generated revenues of $99,800 and incurred operating losses of $471,943 as part of its operating activities. The Company anticipates that it would need substantial working capital over the next 12 months to continue as a going concern and to expand its operations to distribute, sell and market products and solutions. Results of Operation For the twelve months ended December 31, 2016 as compared to the twelve months ended December 31, 2015 51 Total revenue for the twelve months ended December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $99,800 and $0, respectively. The increase in our revenues in 2016 is related to the shift in our operating activities towards the commercialization of our product. In 2015, we had not realized any revenues because we were still in the research and development phase of launching our product. Total operating expenses for the twelve months ended December 31, 2016 were $509,164, which was comprised of $2,763 in research and development expenses, $345,810 in compensations and benefits and $160,591 in other general and administrative expenses. In comparison, total operating expenses for the twelve months ended December 31, 2015 were $711,872, which was comprised of $164,884 in research and development expenses, $290,939 in compensations and benefits and $256,049 in other general and administrative expenses. The overall decrease in operating expenses can be attributed to the Company’s shift in its operating activities from its focus on research and development activities to the commercialization of its Hybrid product. Liquidity and Capital Resources For the twelve months ended December 31, 2016 as compared to the twelve months ended December 31, 2015 Our balance sheet as at December 31, 2016 reflects $3,859 in cash, as compared to $100,486 as of December 31, 2015. The decrease in liquidity reflects expenditures related to the Company’s operating expenses. Cash Flow from Operating Activities For the twelve months ended December 31, 2016 as compared to the twelve months ended December 31, 2015 During the 12 months ended December 31, 2016, the cash flows used in the Company’s operating activities was $425,724. The cash flows used in the Company’s operating activities for the twelve month period ending December 31, 2015 was $745,131. The decrease in the use of cash flows for operating activities can be attributed to the Company’s shift in its operating activities from its focus on research and development activities to the commercialization of its Hybrid product. Cash Flow from Investing Activities For the twelve months ended December 31, 2016 as compared to the twelve months ended December 31, 2015 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2016, the net cash used in investing activities by the Company was $0. The net cash used in investing activities by the Company for the twelve months ending December 31, 2015, was $50,241. The decrease in the use of cash flow for investing activities is related to decreases in purchases of property and equipment and similar expenses. Cash Flow from Financing Activities For the twelve months ended December 31, 2016 as compared to the twelve months ended December 31, 2015 During the twelve month period ended December 31, 2016, the net cash provided by financing activities by the Company was $329,097. The net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2015 was $739,126. The decrease in net cash provided by financing activities is related to decerases in proceeds received from sales of our stock. Going Concern We have not attained profitable operations and are dependent upon obtaining financing to pursue any extensive acquisitions and activities. For these reasons, our auditors stated in their report on our audited financial statements that they have substantial doubt that we will be able to continue as a going concern without further financing. Contractual Obligations We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. Future Financings We will continue to rely on equity sales of our common shares and debt proceeds in order to continue to fund our business operations. Issuances of additional shares will result in dilution to existing stockholders. There is no assurance that we will achieve any additional sales of the equity securities or arrange for debt or other financing to fund our operations and other activities. 52 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to stockholders. Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure Other than the disclosure of uncertainty regarding the ability for us to continue as a going concern which was included in our accountant’s report on the financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015; Anton & Chia LLP’s reports on the financial statements of the Company for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion, nor were they qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles. In connection with the audit and review of the financial statements of the Company through December 31, 2016, there were no disagreements on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosures, or auditing scope or procedures, which disagreements if not resolved to their satisfaction would have caused them to make reference in connection with Anton & Chia's opinion to the subject matter of the disagreement. In connection with the audited financial statements of the Company for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, there have been no reportable events with the Company as set forth in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. The Company provided a copy of the foregoing disclosures to Anton & Chia LLP prior to the date of filing of this Registration Statement on Form S-1, and requested that Anton & Chia LLP furnish it with a letter addressed to the Securities & Exchange Commission stating whether or not it agreed with the statements in this Registration Statement on Form S-1. A copy of the letter furnished in response to that request is filed herewith. Critical Accounting Policies Our financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. We regularly evaluate the accounting policies and estimates that we use to prepare our financial statements. In general, management's estimates are based on historical experience, on information from third party professionals, and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the facts and circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates made by management. Use of Estimates – The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Cash – For financial statement presentation purposes, the Company considers all short-term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash and cash equivalents. The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents in bank deposit accounts, which at times may exceed federally-insured limits. The Company believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk as a result of any non-performance by the financial institution. Inventory – Inventory consists of completed turbines and unassembled parts and is stated at the lower of cost or market value. The Company capitalizes applicable direct and indirect costs incurred in inventory production. Property and Equipment – Property and equipment consists of software and equipment. Depreciation is recorded on accelerated methods over periods considered by management to be the assets' useful lives. Expenditures for repairs, minor items and maintenance are charged to operations as incurred. Any gain or loss upon sale or retirement due to obsolescence is recorded in operating results in the period it takes place. Software is being depreciated over three years and equipment is being depreciated over five years. 53 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets – Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net discounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset, including its ultimate disposition. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of an asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Fair value is determined based on discounted cash flows or appraised values, depending on the nature of the asset. Fair Value of Financial Instruments – The carrying value of cash, prepaid expenses, accounts payable and accrued expenses are reasonable estimates of their fair value due to their short maturity. The carrying value of loans from the principal shareholder depends on the Company's ability to generate cash. Revenue Recognition – Revenue is recognized when all the following conditions are satisfied: (1) there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, (2) a service or product has been provided to a customer, (3) the sale price to be paid by the customer is fixed or determinable, and (4) collection of the sale price is reasonably assured. Amounts collected prior to satisfying these conditions are recorded as customer deposits. Allowance For Doubtful Accounts – as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 there are no anticipated bad debts so an allowance for doubtful accounts was not recorded. Advertising Costs – Advertising costs are expensed when incurred. Advertising costs were $16,133 and $17,668 for the years ended 2016 and 2015, respectively, and are included in other general and administrative expenses on the statements of operations. Research and Development Costs – All costs of research and development are charged to operations as incurred. Research and development costs consist of expenses for inventing and testing turbine prototypes, including the materials and other direct costs of constructing prototype turbines, as well as related equipment employed in research and development activity. Income Taxes – The Company accounts for income taxes using the "asset and liability approach." That requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities. This method uses statutory tax rates in effect for the year in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse and gives immediate effect to changes in income tax rates upon enactment. Deferred assets are recognized, net of any valuation allowance, for temporary differences and net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred income tax expense for a year is the net change in that year's deferred asset and liability balances. The Company has a deferred tax asset for potential future tax savings of its net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. However, due to the uncertainty of future profits to absorb the carryforwards, an equal valuation allowance reduces the value of the deferred tax asset to zero. Deferred Revenue – Customer Deposits – The Company has received $40,000 in deposits for sales orders that are in process as of December 31, 2016. Basic and Diluted Loss per Share – Basic earnings or loss per share reflect the weighted average of shares issued and outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share are computed including the additional shares that would have been outstanding if dilutive potential shares (option or warrant shares, for example) were issued. No dilutive potential shares exist. 54 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements In November 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-18, “Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash” (“ASU 2016-18”). The new guidance is intended to reduce diversity in practice by adding or clarifying guidance on classification and presentation of changes in restricted cash on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-18 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments in this update should be applied retrospectively to all periods presented. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2016-18, which will only impact the Company if it has restricted cash in the future. In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, “Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments” (“ASU 2016-15”). ASU 2016-15 will make eight targeted changes to how cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The new standard will require adoption on a retrospective basis unless it is impracticable to apply, in which case it would be required to apply the amendments prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-15 on its condensed financial statements. In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, “Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity’s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern”. This standard is intended to define management’s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an organization’s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. Under U.S. GAAP, financial statements are prepared under the presumption that the reporting organization will continue to operate as a going concern, except in limited circumstances. Financial reporting under this presumption is commonly referred to as the going concern basis of accounting. The going concern basis of accounting is critical to financial reporting because it establishes the fundamental basis for measuring and classifying assets and liabilities. Currently, U.S. GAAP lacks guidance about management’s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about the organization’s ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote disclosures. This ASU provides guidance to an organization’s management, with principles and definitions that are intended to reduce diversity in the timing and content of disclosures that are commonly provided by organizations today in the financial statement footnotes. The amendments are effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early application is permitted for annual or interim reporting periods for which the financial statements have not previously been issued. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this accounting standard. Other recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB (including its Emerging Issues Task Force) and the United States Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company’s present or future financial statements. The Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect. These pronouncements did not have any material impact on the financial statements unless otherwise disclosed, and the Company does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations. MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth information regarding the members of the Company’s board of directors and its executive officers: Name Age Position Year Commenced Gerald Brock 67 President, CEO & Director 2010 Paul Morrell 54 Vice President of Business Development 2015 Amy Brock 36 Secretary & Treasurer 2011 55 Gerald Brock, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Gerald Brock currently serves as President, CEO and Director of the Company which are positions held since forming the company in 2010. He is an experienced inventor, entrepreneur and senior executive, bringing tireless energy, a positive attitude and visionary leadership to the Company. Mr. Brock has spent over 12 years in the wind energy industry utilizing his expertise in this area to develop a technology that overcomes the pitfalls of traditional turbines, with a focus on achieving higher efficiencies. He continues to be involved in research and development at the Company, helping to guide product innovation. Mr. Brock has been awarded four patents, and has several more pending. He has developed key strategic partnerships and distributorships for SkyWolf, including an International Representation Agreement with a Bogota, Colombia based company which grants them international selling rights in several countries. Paul Morrell, Vice President of Business Development Paul J. Morrell is Vice President of Business Development at SkyWolf Wind Turbine Corporation, a position held since May of 2015. Mr. Morrell’s expertise for the last 30 years is in international business development, technical sales, marketing as well as extensive experience with the Economic Development Center and Government relations. Utilizing his international business experience, a number of sales opportunities have developed at an estimated potential of $1.5B which has resulted in $11M worth of quotes. His connections within New York State have helped to open doors into several state departments such as Corrections, Parks, NYPA and NYSERDA. This activity has identified a number of grant opportunities and an active quote for all of the 54 prisons in NYS. His energy and experience will continue to help drive additional sales channels for both domestic and international opportunities. Amy Brock, Secretary and Treasurer Ms. Brock has an AAS degree graduated from Genesee Community College in Business Administration and was formerly the corporate secretary for a wind turbine corporation. Her past experience in the renewable energy industry is a valuable asset for SkyWolf. At SkyWolf, she is responsible for a wide variety of administrative tasks including financials, records management, investor relations functions, human resource functions, payroll facilitation and office manager duties. Director Independence Pursuant to Rule 4200 of The NASDAQ Stock Market one of the definitions of an independent director is a person other than an executive officer or employee of a company. The Company's board of directors has reviewed the materiality of any relationship that each of the directors has with the Company, either directly or indirectly. Based on this review, the board has determined that there are no independent directors. Advisory Board The Company has assembled an advisory board. The following individuals serve at the Company’s discretion on such board: Sam DiLiberto Mr. DiLiberto has owned several successful businesses over his career which included a chemical mixing company, importing of wigs & hair products, fitness clubs, retail furniture, and waterbed distribution. For the last 20 years Mr. DiLiberto has owned and operated TSS foam Industries, which has 35 employees. His forty-six years of start-up experience will be invaluable. Nicholas Masucci Mr. Masucci, recently capped a 24 year career as ABB Biomass and Renewable Energy Development Manager. He was responsible for bringing new green and “disruptive” technologies to the forefront utilizing ABB Process and Controls portfolio. This portfolio includes DCS (Distributed Control System); Process Control Software and Engineering. Projects involved R & D startup technology working across all ABB divisions to support green project success that would go to market in a renewable sustainable way. Negotiations in feed stock and off take agreements, creative finance and performance guarantees as well as vetting appropriate technology for the projects was key. Through this experience he has a unique perspective on synergies between technology design, finance, operations and manufacturing. Nick has acquired more than 35 years of experience working with marketing, manufacturing, and operations through multiple international companies. His areas of expertise include Wind, Solar, Micro grid, Waste to Energy, Biomass and Algae innovation segments. He has extensive experience in promoting new business and technology in the renewable energy space. 56 Arnold Gray Mr. Gray holds a Masters Degree in Accounting from the State University of New York at Albany, and has more than three decades of public accounting experience. He specializes in federal and state taxation and financial management, and has assisted clients in tax-oriented transactions such as leveraged leases, reorganizations, real estate syndications and renovations, and business purchases and sales. He is also knowledgeable about partnerships, not-for-profit organizations, and local government organizations. Joseph Blaha Joseph has a M.S.E.E. from Union College in Schenectady NY and worked for General Electric in the Power Generation Division for 19 years. In addition, he spent 16 years in health care where he was the Facility Manager of a Pressure Management Device Division for Lumex Inc., a premier medical device company. He has extensive experience with patents, power generation, manufacturing, quality and brings additional technical support to SkyWolf. Term of Office Each director serves for a term of one year and until his successor is elected at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting and is qualified, subject to removal by the shareholders. Each officer serves for a term of one year and until his successor is elected at a meeting of the Board of Directors and is qualified. Each member of the Advisory Board serves at the discretion of the Board of Dirtectors. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification Matters Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act, and is, therefore, unenforceable. Family Relationships Gerald Brock, a director and officer of the Company, is the father of Amy Brock, an officer of the Company. Other than the family relationship described above, there are no family relationships among our Directors or executive officers. Identification of Significant Employees The Company currently has six full-time employees, not including independent sales consultants. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings None of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: • Been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences); • Had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time; • Been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; • Been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 57 • Been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or • Been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)), any • Registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29)), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. Except as set forth in our discussion below in “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, none of our directors, director nominees or executive officers has been involved in any transactions with us or any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Independence of Directors We have no independent directors. Mr. Gerald Brock, our sole director, is not an independent director because he is also an officer of the Company. Committees of the Board Our Company currently does not have nominating, compensation or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor does our Company have a written nominating, compensation or audit committee charter. Our Directors believe that it is not necessary to have such committees, at this time, because the Board of Directors can adequately perform the functions of such committees. Our Company does not have any defined policy or procedural requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for Directors. The Board of Directors believes that, given the stage of our development, a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little assistance until our business operations develop to a more advanced level. Our Company does not currently have any specific or minimum criteria for the election of nominees to the Board of Directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees. The Board of Directors will assess all candidates, whether submitted by management or shareholders, and make recommendations for election or appointment. A shareholder who wishes to communicate with our Board of Directors may do so by directing a written request addressed to our President and Director, at the address appearing on the first page of this filing. Risk Oversight Effective risk oversight is an important priority of the Board of Directors. Because risks are considered in virtually every business decision, the Board of Directors discusses risk throughout the year generally or in connection with specific proposed actions. The Board of Directors’ approach to risk oversight includes understanding the critical risks in the Company’s business and strategy, evaluating the Company’s risk management processes, allocating responsibilities for risk oversight among the full Board of Directors, and fostering an appropriate culture of integrity and compliance with legal responsibilities. Corporate Governance The Company promotes accountability for adherence to honest and ethical conduct; endeavors to provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files with the SEC and in other public communications made by the Company; and strives to be compliant with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations. The Company has not formally adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that governs the Company’s employees, officers and Directors as the Company is not required to do so. In lieu of an Audit Committee, the Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations concerning the selection of outside auditors, reviewing the scope, results and effectiveness of the annual audit of the Company's financial statements and other services provided by the Company’s independent public accountants. The Board of Directors reviews the Company's internal accounting controls, practices and policies. 58 Code of Ethics Our Board of Directors has not adopted a code of ethics. We anticipate that we will adopt a code of ethics when we increase either the number of our Directors or the number of our employees. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The following table sets forth all compensation paid by the Company for the fiscal years of 2016 and 2015. Summary Executive Compensation Table: Name and principal position (a) Year ended December 31 (b) Salary ($) (c) Bonus ($) (d) Stock Awards ($) (e) Option Awards ($) (f) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) (g) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) (h) All Other Compensation ($) (i) Total ($) (j) Gerald Brock 2016 120,758.04 0 0 0 0 0 0 120,758.04 (1) 2015 99,857.61 0 0 0 0 0 0 99,857.61 Paul Morrell 2016 48,893.52 0 0 0 0 0 48,893.52 (2) 2015 28,207.80 0 10,000 0 0 0 0 38,207.80 Amy 2016 40,960.00 0 0 0 0 0 40,960.00 Brock(3) 2015 39,700.00 0 0 0 0 0 0 39,700.00 The table above does not include prerequisites and other personal benefits in amounts less than 10% of the total annual salary and other compensation. There have been no changes in the Company’s compensation policy since the end of the Company’s last fiscal year, December 31, 2016. (1) Gerald Brock is the Company’s President, CEO, and a Director. (2) Paul Morrell is the Company’s Vice President of Business Development. (3) Amy Brock is the Company’s Secretary and Treasurer. Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table There are no current employment agreements between the Company and its executive officers. The compensation discussed herein addresses all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our named executive officers. There are no other stock option plans, retirement, pension, or profit sharing plans for the benefit of our officers and directors other than as described herein. Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End There are no current outstanding equity awards to our executive officers as of December 31, 2016. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act may require our executive officers and Directors, and persons who own more than ten percent of our common stock to file reports of ownership and change in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the exchange on which the common stock is listed for trading. Executive officers, Directors and more than ten percent (10%) stockholders are required by regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports filed. Based solely on our review of copies of the Section 16(a) reports filed for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, we believe that our executive officers, Directors and ten percent (10%) stockholders complied with all reporting requirements applicable to them. 59 Director Compensation Our Board of Directors does not currently receive any consideration for their services as members of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors reserves the right in the future to award the members of the Board of Directors cash or stock based consideration for their services to the Company, which awards, if granted shall be in the sole determination of the Board of Directors. Executive Compensation Philosophy Our Board of Directors determines the compensation given to our executive officers in their sole determination. Our Board of Directors also reserves the right to pay our executives a salary, and/or issue them shares of common stock issued in consideration for services rendered and/or to award incentive bonuses which are linked to our performance, as well as to the individual executive officer’s performance. This package may also include long-term stock based compensation to certain executives, which is intended to align the performance of our executives with our long-term business strategies. Additionally, the Board of Directors reserves the right to grant stock options in the future, if the Board in its sole determination believes such grants would be in the best interests of the Company. Incentive Bonus The Board of Directors may grant incentive bonuses to our executive officers in its sole discretion, if the Board of Directors believes such bonuses are in the Company’s best interest, after analyzing our current business objectives and growth, if any, and the amount of revenue we are able to generate each month, which revenue is a direct result of the actions and ability of such executives. Long-term, Stock Based Compensation In order to attract, retain and motivate executive talent necessary to support the Company’s long-term business strategy we may award certain executives with long-term, stock-based compensation in the future, in the sole discretion of our Board of Directors, which we do not currently have any immediate plans to award. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth, as of the date of this Prospectus, the number and percentage of outstanding shares of our common stock owned by: (a) each person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock; and (b) all current directors and executive officers, as a group. As of the date of this Prospectus, and including the securities described above, there were 75,777,750 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. Under this rule, certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire shares (for example, upon exercise of an option or warrant) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person by reason of such acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in the following table does not necessarily reflect the person’s actual voting power at any particular date. To our knowledge, except as indicated in the footnotes to this table and pursuant to applicable community property laws, the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them. Security Ownership of Officers and Directors Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Title of class Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percentage of Class Before Offering (1) Percentage of Class After Offering (2) Gerald Brock (3) (4) Common Stock 24,759,205 32.67 % 28.8 % Paul Morrell (5) Common Stock 200,000 .26 % .23 % (1) Based upon 75,777,750 shares outstanding as of the date of this offering. (2) Assumes sale of all 54,814,465 Shares offered in the aggregate by the Company and the Selling Shareholders in the offering, and a total of 77,277,750 shares outstanding following the offering assuming all Shares offered in the aggregate by the Company and the Selling Shareholders are sold. 60 (3) The address of the Company’s Officers and Directors is 156 Court Street, Geneseo, NY 14454. (4) Gerald Brock is the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, President and Director. (5) Paul Morrell is the Company’s Vice President of Business Development. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Title of class Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percentage of Class (2) Percentage of Class After Offering (3) Gerald Brock 156 Court Street, Geneseo, NY 14454 Common Stock 24,759,205 32.67 % 28.8 % (1) Under Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. (2) Based upon 75,777,750 shares outstanding as of the date of this offering. (3) Assumes sale of all 54,814,465 Shares offered in the aggregate by the Company and the Selling Shareholders in the offering, and a total of 77,277,750 shares outstanding following the offering assuming all Shares offered in the aggregate by the Company and the Selling Shareholders are sold. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Transactions with Related Persons In the past, the Company has taken loans from a related party, Gerald Brock. Currently, the Company owes, as of December 31, 2016, loan amounts due to Mr. Brock in the amount of $446,000. The following shares were issued to, and are currently held by, persons related to Gerald Brock (an officer and director of the Company): Richard Brock, Mr. Gerald Brock’s brother, was issued 115,000 shares of the Company’s common stock. Melissa Brock and James Cucinotta, Mr. Gerald Brock’s niece and her husband, were collectively issued 105,000 shares of the Company’s common stock. Other than the foregoing, none of the directors or executive officers of the Company, nor any person who owned of record or was known to own beneficially more than 5% of the Company’s outstanding shares of its common stock, nor any associate or affiliate of such persons or companies, has any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction that has occurred during the past fiscal year, or in any proposed transaction, which has materially affected or will affect the Company. Review, Approval and Ratification of Related Party Transactions Given our small size and limited financial resources, we have not adopted formal policies and procedures for the review, approval or ratification of transactions, such as those described above, with our executive officers, Directors and significant stockholders. However, all of the transactions described above were approved and ratified by our Board of Directors. In connection with the approval of the transactions described above, our Board of Directors, took into account several factors, including their fiduciary duties to the Company; the relationships of the related parties described above to the Company; the material facts underlying each transaction; the anticipated benefits to the Company and related costs associated with such benefits; whether comparable products or services were available; and the terms the Company could receive from an unrelated third party. We intend to establish formal policies and procedures in the future, once we have sufficient resources and have appointed additional Directors, so that such transactions will be subject to the review, approval or ratification of our Board of Directors, or an appropriate committee thereof. With regard to any future related party transaction, we plan to fully disclose any and all related party transactions in the following manner: · Disclosing such transactions in reports where required; 61 · Disclosing in any and all filings with the SEC, where required; · Obtaining disinterested directors consent; and · Obtaining shareholder consent where required. Director Independence Quotations for the Company’s common stock are entered on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board inter-dealer quotation system, which does not have director independence requirements. For purposes of determining director independence, the Company applied the definitions set out in NASDAQ Rule 4200(a)(15). Under NASDAQ Rule 4200(a)(15), a director is not considered to be independent if he or she is also an executive officer or employee of the corporation. As a result, the Company does not have any independent directors. Our director, Gerald Brock, is also an executive officer of the Company. LEGAL MATTERS Cassidy & Associates, Beverly Hills, California (“Cassidy & Associates”), has given its opinion as attorneys-at-law regarding the validity of the issuance of the Shares offered by the Company. James Cassidy, a member of the law firm of Cassidy & Associates, is an officer and director of Tiber Creek Corporation and may be considered the beneficial owner of 125,000 shares of common stock of the Company owned by Tiber Creek Corporation. Interest of Counsel Cassidy & Associates, counsel for the Company, who has given an opinion upon the validity of the securities being registered and upon other legal matters in connection with the registration or offering of such securities, had, or is to receive in connection with the offering, a substantial interest in the Company and was connected with the Company through James Cassidy, a partner of Cassidy & Associates. EXPERTS Anton & Chia LLC, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the balance sheet of SkyWolf Wind Turbine Corporation as of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders’ equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years ending December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The Company has included such financial statements in the prospectus and elsewhere in the registration statement in reliance on the report of May 15, 2017, given their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES The Company’s certificate of incorporation includes an indemnification provision that provides that the Company shall indemnify directors against monetary damages to the Company or any of its shareholders or others by reason of a breach of the director’s fiduciary duty or otherwise, except under certain limited circumstances. The certificate of incorporation does not specifically indemnify the officers or directors or controlling persons against liability under the Securities Act. However, the indemnification provided in the certificate of incorporation is broad and should be considered to be of a broad scope and wide extent. The Securities and Exchange Commission’s position on indemnification of officers, directors and control persons under the Securities Act by the Company is as follows: INSOFAR AS INDEMNIFICATION FOR LIABILITIES ARISING UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 MAY BE PERMITTED TO DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND CONTROLLING PERSONS OF THE SMALL BUSINESS ISSUER PURSUANT TO THE RULES OF THE COMMISSION, OR OTHERWISE, THE SMALL BUSINESS ISSUER HAS BEEN ADVISED THAT IN THE OPINION OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION SUCH INDEMNIFICATION IS AGAINST PUBLIC POLICY AS EXPRESSED IN THE ACT AND IS, THEREFORE, UNENFORCEABLE. 62 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION This prospectus, which constitutes a part of the registration statement, does not contain all of the information set forth in the registration statement and the exhibits thereto. Statements contained in this prospectus as to the contents of any contract or other document that is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement are not necessarily complete and each such statement is qualified in all respects by reference to the full text of such contract or document. For further information with respect to us and the common stock, reference is hereby made to the registration statement and the exhibits thereto, which may be inspected and copied at the principal office of the SEC, 100 F Street NE, Washington, D.C. 20549, and copies of all or any part thereof may be obtained at prescribed rates from the Commission’s Public Reference Section at such addresses. Also, the SEC maintains a World Wide Web site on the Internet at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the SEC. We also make available free of charge our annual, quarterly and current reports, and other information upon request. To request such materials, please contact Mr. Gerald Brock, our Chief Executive Officer. 63 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SKYWOLF TURBINES CORPORATION Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-1 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 F-2 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 F-3 Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 201 5 F-4 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 F-5 Notes to Financial Statements F-6 64 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholder of Skywolf Wind Turbine Corporation We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Skywolf Wind Turbine Corporation (the "Company") as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended; in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3, the Company has not yet generated enough revenues from its operations to cover its operating expense and has incurred an accumulated deficit of $2,654,863 since inception. These conditions, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans concerning these matters are also described in Note 3 to the financial statements, which include continuing to obtain additional financing and achieving profitable operations. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. /s/ Anton & Chia, LLP Newport Beach, California May 15, 2017 F- 1 SKYWOLF WIND TURBINE CORP. BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2016 and 2015 2016 2015 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash $ 3,859 $ 100,486 Accounts receivable 14,800 - Due from affiliate - 15,824 Inventory 109,122 106,785 Prepaid insurance 2,476 2,476 Total Current Assets 130,257 225,571 Property and Equipment, net 22,700 29,822 TOTAL ASSETS $ 152,957 $ 255,393 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT) Current Liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses $ 51,878 $ 51,468 Current portion of long-term debt 30,831 - Deferred revenue- customer deposits 40,000 - Shareholder loan 446,000 176,000 Total Current Liabilities 568,709 227,468 Long-term Liabilities: Loan payable $ 28,266 $ - Total Long-Term Liabilities 28,266 - Total Liabilities 596,975 454,936 Commitments and contingent liabilities - - Shareholders’ Equity (Deficit) Common stock- $0.001 par value, 110,000,000 shares authorized, 72,192,500 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2016 and 2015 respectively 72,193 72,193 Additional paid-in capital 2,138,652 2,138,652 Accumulated deficit (2,654,863 ) (2,182,920 ) Total Shareholders' Equity (Deficit) (444,018 ) 27,925 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT) $ 152,957 $ 255,393 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F- 2 SKYWOLF WIND TURBINE CORP. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS For the Years Ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 2016 2015 Revenue $ 99,800 $ - Cost of Sales 62,579 - Gross Profit 37,221 - Operating Expenses: Research and Development 2,763 164,884 Compensation and benefits 345,810 290,939 Other general and administrative 160,591 256,049 Total Operating Expenses 509,164 711,872 Loss from Operations (471,943 ) (711,872 ) Net loss $ (471,943 ) $ (711,872 ) Net Loss per share, Basic and Diluted $ (0.01 ) $ (0.01 ) Weighted Average Outstanding Shares During the Year 72,192,500 72,192,500 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F- 3 SKYWOLF WIND TURBINE CORPORATION STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) For the Years Ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 Total Additional Stock- Common Stock Paid-In Accumulated holders' Shares Par Value Capital Deficit Equity (Deficit) Balance - December 31, 2014 61,113,850 $ 66,114 $ 1,562,481 $ (1,471,048 ) $ 157,547 Proceeds of common stock issued 5,289,500 5,290 521,460 - 526,750 Proceeds of common stock issued to employees and contractors 789,150 789 54,711 - 55,500 Net loss - - - (711,872 ) (711,872 ) Balance - December 31, 2015 72,192,500 $ 72,193 $ 2,138,652 $ (2,182,920 ) $ 27,925 Net loss - - - (471,943 ) (471,943 ) Balance - December 31, 2016 72,192,500 $ 72,193 $ 2,138,652 $ (2,654,863 ) $ (444,018 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F- 4 SKYWOLF WIND TURBINE CORPORATION STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Years Ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 2016 2015 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss $ (471,943 ) $ (711,872 ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation 7,123 4,595 Writeoff of due from affiliate 26,570 - Provision for inventory reserve - 51,328 Change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable (14,800 ) - Prepaid expenses - 56 Inventory (2,337 ) (80,330 ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses 408 (8,908 ) Deferred revenue 40,000 - Net cash used in operating activities (414,979 ) (745,131 ) Cash flows from investing activities: Advance to affiliate (10,746 ) (15,824 ) Purchase of property and equipment - (34,417 ) Net cash used in investing activities (10,746 ) (50,241 ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from loan 66,100 - Loan payments (7,002 ) - Proceeds from common stock issuance - 526,750 Stock issued to employees and contractors - 55,500 Proceeds on shareholder loans 290,000 176,000 Proceeds from stock subscriptions - 51,300 Repayment of shareholder loans (20,000 ) (70,424 ) Net cash provided by financing activities 329,098 739,126 Net decrease in cash (96,627 ) (56,246 ) Cash, beginning of year 100,486 156,732 CASH, END OF YEAR $ 3,859 $ 100,486 Supplemental disclosures and cash flow information: Interest paid $ 4,476 $ - Income taxes paid $ 164 $ 125 Stock issued to agents, contractors and employees $ - $ 23,415 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements F- 5 SKYWOLF WIND TURBINE CORP. Notes to Financial Statements December 31, 2016 and 2015 Note 1 – Description of Business: Skywolf Wind Turbine Corp. (“Skywolf” or “the Company”) designs, manufactures and sells mid-size ("small wind") wind turbines for electric power production, including wind-solar hybrid turbines. Its products are used in generating electricity to power homes and businesses, as well as charge batteries, and are sold through a network of distributors. The Company was incorporated in New York State in 2010 and is located in Geneseo, New York. Its founder, Gerald E. Brock, serves as the sole director and president. Note 2 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the accrual basis of accounting, which is in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"). Use of Estimates – The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Cash – For financial statement presentation purposes, the Company considers all short-term, highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash and cash equivalents. The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents in bank deposit accounts, which at times may exceed federally-insured limits. The Company believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk as a result of any non-performance by the financial institution. Inventory – Inventory consists of completed turbines and unassembled parts and is stated at the lower of cost or market value. The Company capitalizes applicable direct and indirect costs incurred in inventory production. Property and Equipment – Property and equipment consists of software and equipment. Depreciation is recorded on accelerated methods over periods considered by management to be the assets' useful lives. Expenditures for repairs, minor items and maintenance are charged to operations as incurred. Any gain or loss upon sale or retirement due to obsolescence is recorded in operating results in the period it takes place. Software is being depreciated over three years and equipment is being depreciated over five years. F- 6 SKYWOLF WIND TURBINE CORP. Notes to Financial Statements December 31, 2016 and 2015 Note 2 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued): Impairment of Long-Lived Assets – Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net discounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset, including its ultimate disposition. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of an asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Fair value is determined based on discounted cash flows or appraised values, depending on the nature of the asset. Fair Value of Financial Instruments – The carrying value of cash, prepaid expenses, accounts payable and accrued expenses are reasonable estimates of their fair value due to their short maturity. The carrying value of loans from the principal shareholder depends on the Company's ability to generate cash. Revenue Recognition – Revenue is recognized when all the following conditions are satisfied: (1) there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, (2) a service or product has been provided to a customer, (3) the sale price to be paid by the customer is fixed or determinable, and (4) collection of the sale price is reasonably assured. Amounts collected prior to satisfying these conditions are recorded as customer deposits. Allowance For Doubtful Accounts – as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 there are no anticipated bad debts so an allowance for doubtful accounts was not recorded. Advertising Costs – Advertising costs are expensed when incurred. Advertising costs were $16,133 and $17,668 for the years ended 2016 and 2015, respectively, and are included in other general and administrative expenses on the statements of operations. Research and Development Costs – All costs of research and development are charged to operations as incurred. Research and development costs consist of expenses for inventing and testing turbine prototypes, including the materials and other direct costs of constructing prototype turbines, as well as related equipment employed in research and development activity. Income Taxes – The Company accounts for income taxes using the "asset and liability approach." That requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities. This method uses statutory tax rates in effect for the year in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse and gives immediate effect to changes in income tax rates upon enactment. Deferred assets are recognized, net of any valuation allowance, for temporary differences and net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred income tax expense for a year is the net change in that year's deferred asset and liability balances. F- 7 SKYWOLF WIND TURBINE CORP. Notes to Financial Statements December 31, 2016 and 2015 Note 2 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued): The Company has a deferred tax asset for potential future tax savings of its net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. However, due to the uncertainty of future profits to absorb the carryforwards, an equal valuation allowance reduces the value of the deferred tax asset to zero. Deferred Revenue – Customer Deposits – The Company has received $40,000 in deposits for sales orders that are in process as of December 31, 2016. Basic and Diluted Loss per Share – Basic earnings or loss per share reflect the weighted average of shares issued and outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share are computed including the additional shares that would have been outstanding if dilutive potential shares (option or warrant shares, for example) were issued. No dilutive potential shares exist. Recent Accounting Pronouncements - In November 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-18, “Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash” (“ASU 2016-18”). The new guidance is intended to reduce diversity in practice by adding or clarifying guidance on classification and presentation of changes in restricted cash on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-18 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. The amendments in this update should be applied retrospectively to all periods presented. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2016-18, which will only impact the Company if it has restricted cash in the future. In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, “Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments” (“ASU 2016-15”). ASU 2016-15 will make eight targeted changes to how cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The new standard will require adoption on a retrospective basis unless it is impracticable to apply, in which case it would be required to apply the amendments prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-15 on its condensed financial statements. In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, “Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity’s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern”. This standard is intended to define management’s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an organization’s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. Under U.S. GAAP, financial statements are prepared under the presumption that the reporting organization will continue to operate as a going concern, except in limited circumstances. Financial reporting under this presumption is commonly referred to as the going concern basis of accounting. The going concern basis of accounting is critical to financial reporting because it establishes the fundamental basis for measuring and classifying assets and liabilities. Currently, U.S. GAAP lacks guidance about management’s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about the organization’s ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote disclosures. This ASU provides guidance to an organization’s management, with principles and definitions that are intended to reduce diversity in the timing and content of disclosures that are commonly provided by organizations today in the financial statement footnotes. The amendments are effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early application is permitted for annual or interim reporting periods for which the financial statements have not previously been issued. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this accounting standard. Other recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB (including its Emerging Issues Task Force) and the United States Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company’s present or future financial statements. Note 3 – Going Concern: The financial statements were prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has incurred losses over its entire history. These losses raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue operating. Survival of the Company depends on obtaining additional financing and achieving profitable operations. There is no assurance that the Company will raise sufficient capital or achieve profitability. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. Note 4 – Inventory: Inventory consists of the following at December 31, 2016 and 2015: 2016 2015 Parts $ 109,122 $ 182,986 Inventory reserve - (76,201 ) Inventory, net $ 109,122 $ 106,785 As of December 31, 2016 an inventory reserve is not recorded because a full physical inventory was taken as of December 31, 2016 and only usable inventory was valued at cost. F- 8 SKYWOLF WIND TURBINE CORP. Notes to Financial Statements December 31, 2016 and 2015 Note 5 – Property and Equipment: Property and equipment consists of the following: 2016 2015 Software $ 1,795 $ 1,795 Equipment 32,622 32,622 34,417 34,417 Accumulated depreciation (11,717 ) (4,595 ) $ 22,700 $ 29,822 Depreciation expense for the years ended 2016 and 2015 was $7,123 and $4,595, respectively, and is included in other general and administrative expenses on the statements of operations. Note 6 – Shareholder Loan: Unsecured loan balances on open account from the founder and major shareholder at December 31, 2016 and 2015 were $446,000 and $176,000, respectively. Loan repayments, were $20,000 for 2016. Additional loans to the Company during 2016 were $290,000 for working capital. The loans are non-interest bearing and have no repayment terms. Note 7 – Loan Payable: On September 16, 2016 the Company obtained a $66,100 term loan payable from a financing company. The loan’s interest rate is 28.70% and will be paid on weekly installments of $820. The loan payback period is 24 months of which $30,831 is due within the next twelve months. The loan will be paid in full by September of 2018. The loan also includes a remaining loan premium of $14,694 which represents interest that is due on the loan and must be paid in full. Interest expense for the years ended 2016 and 2015 amounted to $4,476 and $0, respectively, which is included in other general and administrative expenses on the statements of operations. A prepayment penalty of 2.5% of the originated loan amount will be assessed during the first half of the loan term (the “Prepayment Penalty Period”). Upon expiration of the Prepayment Penalty Period, prepayment can occur without penalty. The Company granted a security interest to the financing company according to the Business Loan Agreement dated September 15, 2016. F- 9 SKYWOLF WIND TURBINE CORP. Notes to Financial Statements December 31, 2016 and 2015 Note 8– Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit): In 2015, the Company issued 5,289,500 shares of common stock and received $526,750 in proceeds. In addition, 789,150 shares were issued to key employees, consultants and agents of the Company in exchange for $55,500. In 2016, the Company has not issued any shares of common stock. Note 9 – Commitments and Contingencies: The lease for the Company's facility in Geneseo, NY is month to month. The lease amount is $1,500 per month. Note 10 – Income Taxes: Following is a summary of the components giving rise to the income tax benefits for the periods ended December 31: 2016 2015 Current $ 205,608 $ 288,076 Less increase in valuation allowance (205,608 ) (288,076 ) Net income tax benefit $ - $ - Individual components of the deferred tax asset are as follows at December 31: 2016 2015 Tax return net operating loss (NOL) carryforward benefits $ 931,730 $ 725,998 Deferred NOL carryforward benefits due to timing differences 11,597 (81,660 ) Tax credit carryforward 35,727 35,727 Total deferred tax asset 979,054 680,065 Less valuation allowance (979,054 ) (680,065 ) Net deferred tax asset $ - $ - The Company has $2,390,660 in tax return net operating loss carryforwards (NOLs), including an $1,610 contribution carryover, available to reduce future taxable income. These NOLs expire between 2032 and 2035. Additional deferred tax NOL benefits relate to timing differences for depreciation of fixed assets. Due to uncertainty regarding the Company's ability to generate sufficient taxable income in the future to utilize the NOLs before they expire, the Company recorded a valuation allowance to offset the entire deferred tax asset. F- 10 SKYWOLF WIND TURBINE CORP. Notes to Financial Statements December 31, 2016 and 2015 Note 10 – Income Taxes (Continued): The differences between the United States statutory federal income tax rate and the effective income tax rate in the accompanying statement of operations are as follows: 2016 2015 Tax benefit at statutory United States tax rate $ 174,080 $ 230,843 State income tax credit, net of federal benefit 31,651 46,169 Federal research and development credit - 13,087 Temporary timing differences (123 ) (2,022 ) Increase in tax benefit valuation allowance $ 205,608 $ 288,077 Effective tax benefit rate (%) 39 % 39 % The Company files federal and New York State corporate income tax returns. The Company recognizes interest and penalties assessed on its tax returns in general and administrative expense. Internal Revenue Code Section 382 imposes limitations on the availability of a company's net operating losses and other corporate tax attributes as ownership changes occur. A full valuation allowance has been established for the deferred tax asset related to the carryforward tax benefits. Accordingly, any limitation resulting from Section 382 application is not expected to have a material effect on the Company's financial statements. Note 11 – Earnings Per Share: 2016 2015 Fully diluted earnings (loss) per share were: Net loss $ 471,943 $ 711,872 Weighted average number of common shares 72,192,500 72,192,500 F- 11 SKYWOLF WIND TURBINE CORP. Notes to Financial Statements December 31, 2016 and 2015 Note 12 – Related Party In 2016 and 2015 the Company advanced an affiliate $10,746 and $15,824, respectively, for operating expenses. The affiliate has been dissolved as of September 30, 2016. The advance of $15,824 was written off and included in other general and administrative expenses on the statements of operation during the year ended December 31, 2016. In addition, the Company has a vendor that it contracts business with who is related to the majority shareholder. The vendor is also a shareholder of the Company. For the year ending December 31, 2016 and 2015, this vendor was paid $15,680 and $41,126 respectively, for contractor services. Note 13 – Subsequent Events In the first quarter of 2017, the Company sold 2,997,750 additional shares of common stock in exchange for $266,250. In the second quarter of 2017, the Company issued 250,000 shares of common stock, valued at $25,000, to 2 shareholders pursuant to an agreement with Tiber Creek Corporation. In the second quarter of 2017, the Company issued 337,500 shares of common stock in exchange for $28,000. Subsequent events have been evaluated through the date the financial statements issuance on the auditor’s opinion. End of notes to financial statements F- 12 PROSPECTUS SKYWOLF TURBINES CORPORATION 156 Court Street Geneseo, NY 14454 (585) 447-9135 1,500,000 shares of common stock DEALER PROSPECTUS DELIVERY OBLIGATION Until _______________, 2017, all dealers that effect transactions in these securities, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers’ obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions. ____________________, 2017 65 [RESALE PROSPECTUS ALTERNATIVE PAGE] SKYWOLF TURBINES CORPORATION 156 Court Street Geneseo, NY 14454 (585) 447-9135 PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS THE INFORMATION IN THIS PROSPECTUS IS NOT COMPLETE AND MAY BE CHANGED. THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD UNTIL THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION IS EFFECTIVE. THIS PROSPECTUS IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL THESE SECURITIES AND IT IS NOT SOLICITING AN OFFER TO BUY THESE SECURITIES IN ANY STATE WHERE THE OFFER OR SALE IS NOT PERMITTED. PROSPECTUS Subject to Completion, Dated ______, 2017 SKYWOLF WIND TURBINE CORPORATION 53,314,465 shares of Common Stock offered by selling shareholders at $2.00 per share This prospectus relates to the offer and sale of 53,314,465 shares of common stock (the “Shares”) of SkyWolf Wind Turbine Corporation (the “Company”), $0.001 par value per share, offered by the holders thereof (the “Selling Shareholder Shares”), who are deemed to be statutory underwriters. The selling shareholders will offer their shares at a price of $2.00 per share. The maximum number of Shares that can be sold pursuant to the terms of this offering by the selling shareholders is (in aggregate) 53,314,465 Shares. Funds received by the selling shareholders will be immediately available to such selling shareholders for use by them. The Company will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the Selling Shareholder Shares. The offering will terminate twenty-four (24) months from the date that the registration statement relating to the Shares is declared effective, unless earlier fully subscribed or terminated by the Company. The Company intends to maintain the current status and accuracy of this prospectus and to allow selling shareholders to offer and sell the Shares for a period of up to two (2) years, unless earlier completely sold, pursuant to Rule 415 of the General Rules and Regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. All costs incurred in the registration of the Shares are being borne by the Company. Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for the Company’s common stock. No assurances can be given that a public market will develop following completion of this offering or that, if a market does develop, it will be sustained. The offering price for the Shares has been arbitrarily determined by the Company and does not necessarily bear any direct relationship to the assets, operations, book or other established criteria of value of the Company. The Shares will become tradable on the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. Neither the Company nor any selling shareholders has any current arrangements nor entered into any agreements with any underwriters, broker-dealers or selling agents for the sale of the Shares. If the Company or selling shareholders can locate and enter into any such arrangement(s), the Shares will be sold through such licensed underwriter(s), broker-dealer(s) and/or selling agent(s). NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED OF THESE SECURITIES OR PASSED UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THIS PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. The Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act. These securities involve a high degree of risk. See “RISK FACTORS” contained in this prospectus beginning on page 9. SkyWolf Wind Turbine Corporation 156 Court Street Geneseo, NY 14454 (585) 447-9135 Prospectus dated __________________, 2017 66 [RESALE PROSPECTUS ALTERNATIVE PAGE] TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Prospectus Summary 6 Summary of the Offering 68 Risk Factors 9 Determination of Offering Price 16 Use of Proceeds 69 Selling Shareholders 70 Plan of Distribution; Terms of the Offering 86 Description of Property 19 Description of Securities 19 Description of Our Business 21 Legal Proceedings 43 Market Price of and Dividends on the Registrant’s Common Equity And Related Stockholder Matters 51 Management’s Discussion and Analysis 51 Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons 56 Executive Compensation 59 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 60 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 61 Legal Matters 62 Experts 62 Commission Position of Indemnification for Securities Act Liabilities 62 Where you can find more information 63 Index to Financial Statements 64 You should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by reference to this prospectus in deciding whether to purchase our common stock. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with information different from that contained or incorporated by reference to this prospectus. Under no circumstances should the delivery to you of this prospectus or any sale made pursuant to this prospectus create any implication that the information contained in this prospectus is correct as of any time after the date of this prospectus. To the extent that any facts or events arising after the date of this prospectus, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information presented in this prospectus, this prospectus will be updated to the extent required by law. 67 [RESALE PROSPECTUS ALTERNATIVE PAGE] SUMMARY OF THIS OFFERING Securities being offered Up to 53,314,465 shares of common stock of the Company. Our Common Stock is described in further detail in the section of this prospectus titled “DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES – Common Stock.” Number of shares outstanding before the offering (1) 75,777,750 shares of common stock Number of shares outstanding after the offering (2) 77,277,750 shares of common stock Net Proceeds to the Company We will not receive proceeds from the resale of Shares by the Selling Shareholders. Risk factors An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risk factors set forth under “Risk Factors” section hereunder and the other information contained in this prospectus before making an investment decision regarding our common stock. (1) Based on the number of Shares issued and outstanding as of the date of this prospectus. (2) Including Shares issuable pursuant to a concurrent direct offering by the Company. 68 [RESALE PROSPECTUS ALTERNATE PAGE] USE OF PROCEEDS We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares of common stock by the Selling Shareholders covered by this prospectus. All proceeds from the sale of shares of common stock offered under this prospectus will be for the account of the Selling Shareholders as described below in the sections entitled “Selling Security Holders” and “Plan of Distribution.” The Company has agreed to bear the expenses relating to the registration of the common stock for the Selling Shareholder. 69 [RESALE PROSPECTUS ALTERNATE PAGE] SELLING SHAREHOLDERS The Company is registering for offer and sale by existing holders thereof 53,314,465 shares of common stock held by such shareholders. The Company will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the Selling Shareholder Shares. The selling shareholders have no agreement with any underwriters with respect to the sale of the Selling Shareholder Shares. The selling shareholders, who are deemed to be statutory underwriters, will offer their shares at a price of $2.00 per share. The selling shareholders may from time to time offer the Selling Shareholder Shares through underwriters, dealers or agents, which may receive compensation in the form of underwriting discounts, concessions or commissions from them and/or the purchasers of the Selling Shareholder Shares for whom they may act as agents. Any agents, dealers or underwriters that participate in the distribution of the Selling Shareholder Shares may be deemed to be "underwriters" under the Securities Act and any discounts, commissions or concessions received by any such underwriters, dealers or agents might be deemed to be underwriting discounts and commissions under the Securities Act. The following table sets forth: · the name of the selling stockholders, · the number of shares of our common stock that the selling stockholders beneficially owned prior to the offering for resale of the shares under this Prospectus, · the maximum number of shares of our common stock that may be offered for resale for the account of the selling stockholders under this Prospectus, and · the number and percentage of shares of our common stock to be beneficially owned by the selling stockholders after the offering of the shares (assuming all of the offered shares are sold by the selling stockholders). The selling stockholders may offer for sale all or part of the shares from time to time. The table below assumes that the selling stockholders will sell all of the shares offered for sale. The selling stockholders are under no obligation, however, to sell any shares pursuant to this Prospectus. Name of Selling Shareholder(s) Position, Office or Other Material Relationship Shares Beneficially Owned Prior to the Offering (1) Shares to be Offered Shares Beneficially Owned After the Offering (2) Percentage Beneficially Owned before the Offering (3) Percentage Beneficially Owned after the Offering (4) Edward T Abounader 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Claudette Abounader 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Abraham Acee 35,000 35,000 0 <1 % 0 % John P. Acuti & Katherine L. Acuti 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Joseph Adinolfe II 25,000 25,000 0 <1 % 0 % Mike A Adinolfe 25,000 25,000 0 <1 % 0 % David A Adsit 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Ralph W Akin & Margaret C Cullen-Akin 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % David A Aliasso 30,000 30,000 0 <1 % 0 % Racheal Anderson 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Ronald W Anderson 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Thomas R. Angelone 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Kathleen Arcuri 5,000 5,000 0 <1 % 0 % Kevin Armbruster 25,000 25,000 0 <1 % 0 % 70 Name of Selling Shareholder(s) Position, Office or Other Material Relationship Shares Beneficially Owned Prior to the Offering (1) Shares to be Offered Shares Beneficially Owned After the Offering (2) Percentage Beneficially Owned before the Offering (3) Percentage Beneficially Owned after the Offering (4) Robert Armbruster & Claudia Lovas 35,000 35,000 0 <1 % 0 % Robert C. Armbruster 310,000 310,000 0 <1 % 0 % Rocco J Asselta 30,000 30,000 0 <1 % 0 % Robert Augustine 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % James Avery & Maris Avery 260,000 260,000 0 <1 % 0 % Christine Avery-King & Steven King 195,000 195,000 0 <1 % 0 % Micheal Baiguini 150,000 150,000 0 <1 % 0 % Mark R Blackburn & Maureen Murtha 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Melanie Baldeck & Alan Baldeck 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Lavant Barney & Carol Barney 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Trisha M. Barney & Jonathan W.T. Barney 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Fay L Barratt Jr. & Dionne N Barratt 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Sarah Barrett 15,000 15,000 0 <1 % 0 % Raymond J. Barretta 105,000 105,000 0 <1 % 0 % Matt Barry 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Renee Basile 150,000 150,000 0 <1 % 0 % Stuart Baunoch 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % John Bayliss 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % George Beach 250,000 250,000 0 <1 % 0 % Craig James Beach 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % David E Becker 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % David M Becker 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Debra Becker & Peter Polera 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % James M Becker 672,880 672,880 0 <1 % 0 % John W Becker 15,000 15,000 0 <1 % 0 % Jack Beck 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Bret Belden 12,500 12,500 0 <1 % 0 % Darren V Belden 12,500 12,500 0 <1 % 0 % Trinity Belden & Bradley Belden 12,500 12,500 0 <1 % 0 % Brian Belden 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Ashley A Belden-Porter 12,500 12,500 0 <1 % 0 % Alan Benevento 33,000 33,000 0 <1 % 0 % Steven J Bergstrom & Lisa A Gee 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Nicholas J Besch 52,500 52,500 0 <1 % 0 % Anthony Bevilacqua 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % 71 Name of Selling Shareholder(s) Position, Office or Other Material Relationship Shares Beneficially Owned Prior to the Offering (1) Shares to be Offered Shares Beneficially Owned After the Offering (2) Percentage Beneficially Owned before the Offering (3) Percentage Beneficially Owned after the Offering (4) Mark R Blackburn & Maureen Murtha 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Joseph W Blaha & Lea C Blaha 390,000 390,000 0 <1 % 0 % Carlo Blatti 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Jonathan D Block 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Leonard Booher 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % John Booth & Christine S Booth 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Harry B Bostley & Dolores C Bostley 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Gary Bourgeois 200,000 200,000 0 <1 % 0 % Keith D Bowers 150,000 150,000 0 <1 % 0 % Jon Bowker 15,000 15,000 0 <1 % 0 % Brandon Brady & Erica Brady 110,000 110,000 0 <1 % 0 % Linda Brady 55,000 55,000 0 <1 % 0 % Kevin Brennan 25,000 25,000 0 <1 % 0 % Joseph James Britton 340,000 340,000 0 <1 % 0 % Richard B Brock 115,000 115,000 0 <1 % 0 % Gerald E Brock CEO, President and Director 24,759,205 2,475,920 0 32.67 % 28.8 % Suzanne B Bryere 112,500 112,500 0 <1 % 0 % Horace Buchholz & Frances Buchholz 55,000 55,000 0 <1 % 0 % Kenneth J Burback & Kimberly Decker 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Seth C Burnette 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % William Burns 5,000 5,000 0 <1 % 0 % James Cahill 25,000 25,000 0 <1 % 0 % Maria Ella Caiola 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Michael C Callan 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Leo P Callari & Maria T Callari 30,000 30,000 0 <1 % 0 % Joseph A Caluorie Jr. 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Todd Camardello 15,000 15,000 0 <1 % 0 % Calogero Campanella 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % John M Canarelli 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Cheryl Cantwell & Lauren Simpson 55,000 55,000 0 <1 % 0 % Nicholas A Cardillo 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Robert C. Cardillo 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Clifford Carll 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Robert L Carlson & Nancy D Carlson 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % 72 Name of Selling Shareholder(s) Position, Office or Other Material Relationship Shares Beneficially Owned Prior to the Offering (1) Shares to be Offered Shares Beneficially Owned After the Offering (2) Percentage Beneficially Owned before the Offering (3) Percentage Beneficially Owned after the Offering (4) Heath Carney 402,250 402,250 0 <1 % 0 % Ronald J Casciano 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Alicia Cashman 33,750 33,750 0 <1 % 0 % Christopher Cashman 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Dale Cassidy 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % James Cassidy (5) Legal Counsel 125,000 125,000 0 <1 % 0 % Marc R Castelletti 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Frank L. Chandler Jr. 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Francis L Chandler III 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Dominic Frank Chirico 43,100 43,100 0 <1 % 0 % Frank Chirico 137,500 137,500 0 <1 % 0 % Aaron Christ 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Brandon M Ciallelo 25,000 25,000 0 <1 % 0 % Carl J Clark 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Mark Cocco 60,000 60,000 0 <1 % 0 % William W Coene 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Richard Cole & Ken Cole 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Richard Cole 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Paul Coleman & Barbara Coleman 105,000 105,000 0 <1 % 0 % Deborah A Collins 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Deborah A Collins & Michael Alan Collins 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Stephen Collins 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Ann Collura 5,000 5,000 0 <1 % 0 % Joseph A Collura & Claudette L Collura 150,000 150,000 0 <1 % 0 % Leo R Collura & Ann M Collura 130,000 130,000 0 <1 % 0 % Mark A Collura & Lynn M Collura 200,000 200,000 0 <1 % 0 % Ethel Colon 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Dallas Comstock 30,000 30,000 0 <1 % 0 % Lucas Condon 40,000 40,000 0 <1 % 0 % David M Cook 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Robert Copeland 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Cottonwood Farms LLC (8) 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Dominick Crocilla 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % James P. Cucinotta & Melissa R. Brock 105,000 105,000 0 <1 % 0 % Alexander P Curry Jr. 27,500 27,500 0 <1 % 0 % 73 Name of Selling Shareholder(s) Position, Office or Other Material Relationship Shares Beneficially Owned Prior to the Offering (1) Shares to be Offered Shares Beneficially Owned After the Offering (2) Percentage Beneficially Owned before the Offering (3) Percentage Beneficially Owned after the Offering (4) Alexander P Curry Sr. 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Andrew Dam 30,000 30,000 0 <1 % 0 % Francine Dam 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Edward J Darrow 90,000 90,000 0 <1 % 0 % Edward J Darrow II 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Zachary Roy Darrow 25,000 25,000 0 <1 % 0 % Lawrence J Dauksza 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Michael D Davis 200,000 200,000 0 <1 % 0 % Kristin Davis 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % David P Davis 125,000 125,000 0 <1 % 0 % Mary Jain Dayger 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Mary Jain Dayger & Ryan D Lund 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Mary Jain Dayger & Darlene J. Humphrey 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Cale P Decker 22,000 22,000 0 <1 % 0 % Judith M Decker 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Joe C DeFazio 30,000 30,000 0 <1 % 0 % James Dence 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Norman W Denny 40,000 40,000 0 <1 % 0 % Richard P. Denny 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Michael DeNova 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Carol Deschamps 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % John Robert Deschamps 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Rachael Deschamps 110,000 110,000 0 <1 % 0 % Luke Detrick 110,000 110,000 0 <1 % 0 % Michel Detrick 40,000 40,000 0 <1 % 0 % Richard DiFranco Jr. 230,000 230,000 0 <1 % 0 % Richard DiFranco Sr. 320,000 320,000 0 <1 % 0 % Samuel L DiLiberto Jr. 1,371,000 1,371,000 0 1.8 % 0 % Scott DiLiberto 82,500 82,500 0 <1 % 0 % Todd DiLiberto 80,000 80,000 0 <1 % 0 % Vincent C DiMezza Sr. 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Lisa DiPirro 80,000 80,000 0 <1 % 0 % Anthony DiSpirito Sr. 40,000 40,000 0 <1 % 0 % Val DiValentin & Caridad DiValentin 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Jeff Dodge 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Philip Domiano Jr. 80,000 80,000 0 <1 % 0 % Lynn Dote 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % 74 Name of Selling Shareholder(s) Position, Office or Other Material Relationship Shares Beneficially Owned Prior to the Offering (1) Shares to be Offered Shares Beneficially Owned After the Offering (2) Percentage Beneficially Owned before the Offering (3) Percentage Beneficially Owned after the Offering (4) Susan M. Dote 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Chad G Draper 175,000 175,000 0 <1 % 0 % Sandra Lynn Draper 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Austin Dugan 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Daniel Durant 315,000 315,000 0 <1 % 0 % Richard C Durant 82,500 82,500 0 <1 % 0 % Shawna Edwards & Chandra ManWarren 15,000 15,000 0 <1 % 0 % John F Eggleston Jr. 30,000 30,000 0 <1 % 0 % Bruce Elwell 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % A.T.E. Enterprises, LLC (7) 200,000 200,000 0 <1 % 0 % Amy Jo Ernenwein 350,000 350,000 0 <1 % 0 % Ronald Evans II 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Ronald Evans & Deborah A Evans 110,000 110,000 0 <1 % 0 % Joseph Eyer 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Stephen Ezard 110,000 110,000 0 <1 % 0 % Douglas F Farmer & Kathleen R Farmer 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Barbara J Farmer 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Felix Fasolo 250,000 250,000 0 <1 % 0 % Philip A Felice 40,000 40,000 0 <1 % 0 % Shawn E Fellows 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Theresa Fellows 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Andres Fernandez Jr. 250,000 250,000 0 <1 % 0 % Ferris E Ferris 30,000 30,000 0 <1 % 0 % Jo-Marie Ferrucci 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % David Filjones 5,000 5,000 0 <1 % 0 % Gina Filjones 200,000 200,000 0 <1 % 0 % Ronald F. Filjones & Alice A. Filjones 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Raymond Fiore 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Michael Flint 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Mark Foggetti 42,500 42,500 0 <1 % 0 % Robert F Ford 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Michael Foster & Barbara E Foster 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Daniel J Fournier 300,000 300,000 0 <1 % 0 % Eric Fox 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Jeffrey L Fox 80,000 80,000 0 <1 % 0 % Jeremie P. Fox 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Freeman Nemrava Investments LLC (9) 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Robert Fuller 22,000 22,000 0 <1 % 0 % John Furness 1,952,250 1,952,250 0 2.5 % 0 % John B. Furness Jr. 5,000 5,000 0 <1 % 0 % 75 Name of Selling Shareholder(s) Position, Office or Other Material Relationship Shares Beneficially Owned Prior to the Offering (1) Shares to be Offered Shares Beneficially Owned After the Offering (2) Percentage Beneficially Owned before the Offering (3) Percentage Beneficially Owned after the Offering (4) Claudia Garcia 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Devin B Garramone 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Harry A Gee III & Kyle M Gee 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Harry A Gee Jr. & Jeffrey R Gee 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Harry A Gee Jr & Lisa A Gee 220,000 220,000 0 <1 % 0 % Harry Gee Sr. 15,000 15,000 0 <1 % 0 % Jennifer R Gee 6,000 6,000 0 <1 % 0 % Jennifer R Gee & Kevin Cottle 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Lisa Gee 30,000 30,000 0 <1 % 0 % Marjorie M Gee Sr. & Harry A Gee Sr. 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Calvin J Genereux Jr. 75,000 75,000 0 <1 % 0 % John D Genereux Jr. 5,000 5,000 0 <1 % 0 % John D Genereux Sr. 387,250 387,250 0 <1 % 0 % Robert Genereux 5,000 5,000 0 <1 % 0 % Jennifer Gentilcore 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Yonnas Y. Ghirmatzion 150,000 150,000 0 <1 % 0 % Aaron J Gonzalez 52,000 52,000 0 <1 % 0 % Allan G Glessner 150,000 150,000 0 <1 % 0 % Jesse C Gonzalez 52,000 52,000 0 <1 % 0 % Roque A. Gonzalez 55,000 55,000 0 <1 % 0 % Michael Gracz 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Arthur Graves 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Arnold L Gray 200,000 200,000 0 <1 % 0 % Jason C. Greco & Lindsey Greco 5,000 5,000 0 <1 % 0 % Dawson Green 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Larry Green & Lucy Green 250,000 250,000 0 <1 % 0 % Lucy Green 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Ryan Green 150,000 150,000 0 <1 % 0 % Lyndon Greene 22,000 22,000 0 <1 % 0 % Sharon K. Greene 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Paul B Griffen 125,000 125,000 0 <1 % 0 % Michael Guarino 40,000 40,000 0 <1 % 0 % Anthony Guarino 174,475 174,475 0 <1 % 0 % Sharon M Guyer 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Kathryn M Haberer 75,000 75,000 0 <1 % 0 % Channon Hall 5,000 5,000 0 <1 % 0 % Christopher James Hancock 250,000 250,000 0 <1 % 0 % Paul E Hansen 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Mohamed Hashim 15,000 15,000 0 <1 % 0 % 76 Name of Selling Shareholder(s) Position, Office or Other Material Relationship Shares Beneficially Owned Prior to the Offering (1) Shares to be Offered Shares Beneficially Owned After the Offering (2) Percentage Beneficially Owned before the Offering (3) Percentage Beneficially Owned after the Offering (4) Stephanie L Hawkes 25,000 25,000 0 <1 % 0 % Eugene Henn & Catherine S Henn 200,000 200,000 0 <1 % 0 % Deborah Herold 25,000 25,000 0 <1 % 0 % Marie A Herold 35,000 35,000 0 <1 % 0 % Joseph E Hess 8,000 8,000 0 <1 % 0 % Mary Colleen Hess & Christopher Brian Hess 40,000 40,000 0 <1 % 0 % Michael V. Hicks Jr. 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Thomas P Holland 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Sheena Horn 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Daniel E Houseman & Nancy E Houseman 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Stanley Hrim 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % William A Hughes 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Darlene J. Humphrey 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Roger Humphreys 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Michele A Husnay & Michael P Husnay 25,000 25,000 0 <1 % 0 % David M Hutchings 110,000 110,000 0 <1 % 0 % Michael A. Incitti 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Micah J Ingber 97,000 97,000 0 <1 % 0 % Neil Jacobs 150,000 150,000 0 <1 % 0 % Lance E Jennings 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % JMSHEP Holdings LLC. (10) 500,000 500,000 0 <1 % 0 % Ray K Jones & Marie K Jones 15,000 15,000 0 <1 % 0 % Anthony Juliano 70,000 70,000 0 <1 % 0 % John A Kabot Jr. 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Mark D. Kahle 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % John F Kay 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Keith Keene & Christina Rathke 290,000 290,000 0 <1 % 0 % Catherine D. Kelley 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Timothy J Kelley 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Rodney D. Kelly 45,000 45,000 0 <1 % 0 % Gary Kimball 15,000 15,000 0 <1 % 0 % Gary Kimball Jr. 7,500 7,500 0 <1 % 0 % Tyler Kimball 22,500 22,500 0 <1 % 0 % Brandon King 60,000 60,000 0 <1 % 0 % Joseph M Klosek Jr. 130,000 130,000 0 <1 % 0 % 77 Name of Selling Shareholder(s) Position, Office or Other Material Relationship Shares Beneficially Owned Prior to the Offering (1) Shares to be Offered Shares Beneficially Owned After the Offering (2) Percentage Beneficially Owned before the Offering (3) Percentage Beneficially Owned after the Offering (4) Joseph M Klosek Jr. & Linda Kuklinski 30,000 30,000 0 <1 % 0 % Norbert G. Koller 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Kenneth Korrie 35,000 35,000 0 <1 % 0 % William Koury 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Allison M Koury 5,000 5,000 0 <1 % 0 % George T Koury 5,000 5,000 0 <1 % 0 % George T Koury II 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Timothy C Kuhn & Jacqueline M Kuhn 5,000 5,000 0 <1 % 0 % Linda Kuklinski 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Jeffrey W La Clair 15,000 15,000 0 <1 % 0 % Thomas J La Grou 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Vincent A LaBella 30,000 30,000 0 <1 % 0 % Vincent A LaBella Jr. 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Celia S. Lachut & Edwin H Lachut 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Gabriella Lahocinsky 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Derrick M Lambrecht 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Robert M Lane III 150,000 150,000 0 <1 % 0 % David Lane & Linda Lane 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Paul Lanz 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Mark C Lathan & Dora J Lathan 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Terri Lee Laurie 40,000 40,000 0 <1 % 0 % Trevor Laurie 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Michael J Laursen 105,000 105,000 0 <1 % 0 % Michael A Lee 12,500 12,500 0 <1 % 0 % Kenneth L Leisenring 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Karen A Lemke-Siriano 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Karen A Lemke-Siriano & David A Adsit 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Diana Lenahan 25,000 25,000 0 <1 % 0 % Mark A. Lewis 200,000 200,000 0 <1 % 0 % Donald E Linborg 300,000 300,000 0 <1 % 0 % Molly E Lincoln 25,000 25,000 0 <1 % 0 % Spenser Lincoln 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Mark Listovitch 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Domenico Lo Galbo 70,000 70,000 0 <1 % 0 % Pietro LoGalbo 40,000 40,000 0 <1 % 0 % Karen M Loshe 30,000 30,000 0 <1 % 0 % Dennis S Lubey 30,000 30,000 0 <1 % 0 % Dale A Lund 355,000 355,000 0 <1 % 0 % 78 Name of Selling Shareholder(s) Position, Office or Other Material Relationship Shares Beneficially Owned Prior to the Offering (1) Shares to be Offered Shares Beneficially Owned After the Offering (2) Percentage Beneficially Owned before the Offering (3) Percentage Beneficially Owned after the Offering (4) Kenneth D Lund 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Marabeth Lund & Kyle L Lund 12,590 12,590 0 <1 % 0 % Nancy R Lund 120,000 120,000 0 <1 % 0 % Randy A Lund 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Roger A Lund 12,500 12,500 0 <1 % 0 % Ryan D Lund 14,500 14,500 0 <1 % 0 % Anthony Lupino 25,000 25,000 0 <1 % 0 % E Douglas Lynch Jr. & Donna M Lynch 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Jeffrey R Lynch 206,000 206,000 0 <1 % 0 % Tim Lynch 40,000 40,000 0 <1 % 0 % Tim Lynch & Susan Lynch 93,000 93,000 0 <1 % 0 % Lori Maggio 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % J. Michael Mahoney 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Ronald O Major 22,500 22,500 0 <1 % 0 % Charles A Mancuse 11,000 11,000 0 <1 % 0 % Wayne G. ManWarren 152,500 152,500 0 <1 % 0 % Wayne G. ManWarren & Shawna Edwards 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Darryl C Marks 5,000 5,000 0 <1 % 0 % Gina M Marks 5,000 5,000 0 <1 % 0 % Eric J Martin 155,000 155,000 0 <1 % 0 % Shaun Martin 80,000 80,000 0 <1 % 0 % Frank R Martin 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Nicholas Masucci 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Craig Biddle Mayor & Deborah M Mayor 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % James McKillop (6) 125,000 125,000 0 <1 % 0 % Timothy McLaughlin 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Kelley Jo McNinch & Donna Reynolds 60,000 60,000 0 <1 % 0 % Jeffrey P Miga 135,000 135,000 0 <1 % 0 % Ronald S. Miga 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Scott Miga 75,000 75,000 0 <1 % 0 % Anton Mirtschev 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Anthony Mitchell & Brenda A Mitchell 220,000 220,000 0 <1 % 0 % Michael Molinaro 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Michael R. Molinaro 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % John P Mondrick & Lynne M Mondrick 25,000 25,000 0 <1 % 0 % Patricia J Moonen 200,000 200,000 0 <1 % 0 % 79 Name of Selling Shareholder(s) Position, Office or Other Material Relationship Shares Beneficially Owned Prior to the Offering (1) Shares to be Offered Shares Beneficially Owned After the Offering (2) Percentage Beneficially Owned before the Offering (3) Percentage Beneficially Owned after the Offering (4) Joseph F Moorehead Jr. & Erika A Gee 16,000 16,000 0 <1 % 0 % Kaye Morgan 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Paul J Morrell Vice President of Business Development 200,000 20,000 180,000 <1 % <1 % Nicholas Mosca 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Kevin Mumford 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Kevin Mumford & Tracey Mumford 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Michael F Musacchio Jr. 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Jehad T Mustafa 60,000 60,000 0 <1 % 0 % Lance M Nassimos 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Anthony S Newbauer 102,500 102,500 0 <1 % 0 % Gregory A Newell 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Teresa E Nickerson 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % David H Niemann 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Timothy Nolan & Cheryl W Nolan 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % David Northrup 35,000 35,000 0 <1 % 0 % Salvatore Noti 17,500 17,500 0 <1 % 0 % Candace L Oczkowski 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Edward H Ostrander Jr. 525,000 525,000 0 <1 % 0 % Harold Ostrander 80,500 80,500 0 <1 % 0 % David A Pandolfi 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Gregory Panzarella 150,000 150,000 0 <1 % 0 % Frank Papale 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Ralph Papale 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Marcia M Patch 105,000 105,000 0 <1 % 0 % Patricia Peete Wolf 12,500 12,500 0 <1 % 0 % William R Peete 12,500 12,500 0 <1 % 0 % Rosanna Pellicano 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Paul Pellicano 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Shadrac Pelt 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Daniel Penders 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Roger J Perta 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Joseph Petringa 171,000 171,000 0 <1 % 0 % Jennifer Pettitt 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Daniel J Pinkerton 210,500 210,500 0 <1 % 0 % Thomas Piperata 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Brent Pleeter 25,000 25,000 0 <1 % 0 % Bruce Pleeter 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Lee F Poinan & Mona L Poinan 110,000 110,000 0 <1 % 0 % Lisa Poole 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Stephen K Popple & Catherine H Popple 25,000 25,000 0 <1 % 0 % 80 Name of Selling Shareholder(s) Position, Office or Other Material Relationship Shares Beneficially Owned Prior to the Offering (1) Shares to be Offered Shares Beneficially Owned After the Offering (2) Percentage Beneficially Owned before the Offering (3) Percentage Beneficially Owned after the Offering (4) Alexander O. Poulsen Jr. 150,000 150,000 0 <1 % 0 % Nancy Pragle 25,000 25,000 0 <1 % 0 % Ann M Pringle 300,000 300,000 0 <1 % 0 % John M Przybyla & Rhoda Przybyla 42,000 42,000 0 <1 % 0 % Shari A. Przybyla 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Sharron Puglio 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Gina Radesi 7,500 7,500 0 <1 % 0 % Nathan D Radesi 500,000 500,000 0 <1 % 0 % Nikki D Radesi 200,000 200,000 0 <1 % 0 % Paula J Radesi 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Robert Earl Ramsey 60,000 60,000 0 <1 % 0 % Wendy A Ramsey 60,000 60,000 0 <1 % 0 % Samuel K Ranallette 172,500 172,500 0 <1 % 0 % Jerome Randel 32,500 32,500 0 <1 % 0 % Randy Shepard & Associates, Inc. (11) 500,000 500,000 0 <1 % 0 % Barton Rasmus & Barbara Rasmus 15,000 15,000 0 <1 % 0 % Gary A Ray II 12,500 12,500 0 <1 % 0 % Erin Reardon 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % L. J. Ree 25,000 25,000 0 <1 % 0 % Ronald P Regone & Gloria J Regone 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Robert C Renner & Melanie N Renner 60,000 60,000 0 <1 % 0 % Robert C Renner II & Jaime L Renner 22,000 22,000 0 <1 % 0 % Christopher Rice & Amanda Alger-Rice 30,000 30,000 0 <1 % 0 % Harry Richter 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Grant Alan Rider 30,000 30,000 0 <1 % 0 % Roger Riegert 200,000 200,000 0 <1 % 0 % Darlene C. Ringrose 45,000 45,000 0 <1 % 0 % Michael J Ringrose 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Lawrence Roach Sr. 30,000 30,000 0 <1 % 0 % James Robertson 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Douglas C Roblee 205,000 205,000 0 <1 % 0 % Joseph P Rolchigo 60,000 60,000 0 <1 % 0 % Philip C Rolchigo 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Joseph P Roman 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Anthony Romano Jr. & Gail Romano 200,000 200,000 0 <1 % 0 % Cynthia C. Rowland 15,000 15,000 0 <1 % 0 % Jason Ruffles 15,000 15,000 0 <1 % 0 % 81 Name of Selling Shareholder(s) Position, Office or Other Material Relationship Shares Beneficially Owned Prior to the Offering (1) Shares to be Offered Shares Beneficially Owned After the Offering (2) Percentage Beneficially Owned before the Offering (3) Percentage Beneficially Owned after the Offering (4) George E Saber 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Robin L Sawyer 73,500 73,500 0 <1 % 0 % Vita Scalise 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Lawrence H Schultz 15,500 15,500 0 <1 % 0 % Peter Gerald Scorsone 105,000 105,000 0 <1 % 0 % Mary C Serafine 2,000 2,000 0 <1 % 0 % Gary D Shepard 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Jason M Shepard 283,000 283,000 0 <1 % 0 % Randall K Shepard Jr. 250,000 250,000 0 <1 % 0 % Randall K Shepard Sr. 1,010,000 1,010,000 0 1.3 % 0 % Sean M Shepard 250,000 250,000 0 <1 % 0 % Neal Short 30,000 30,000 0 <1 % 0 % James D Sickles 25,000 25,000 0 <1 % 0 % Ted R Sickles 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Matthew Sierson 37,500 37,500 0 <1 % 0 % Sharron Lee Sierson 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Samuel John Simon III 15,000 15,000 0 <1 % 0 % Samuel J Simon Jr. 1,174,900 1,174,900 0 1.5 % 0 % Keith Skermont 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % Brad D Smith 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Donald M Smith 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Mark D Smith 200,000 200,000 0 <1 % 0 % Sharon Smith 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Wayne C Smith & Jane E Smith 150,000 150,000 0 <1 % 0 % Gregory A Smorol & Donna J Smorol 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Maria V. Sorensen 5,000 5,000 0 <1 % 0 % Barbara Spinella 40,000 40,000 0 <1 % 0 % Jonel A. Stanhope 70,000 70,000 0 <1 % 0 % Ronald A Stanke 225,000 225,000 0 <1 % 0 % Larry Starer 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Grace Stolarcyk 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Kenneth L Stone & Joy Stone 25,000 25,000 0 <1 % 0 % Arthur G Strife 1,467,100 1,467,100 0 1.9 % 0 % Daniel Strife 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Edward J Strife 700,000 700,000 0 <1 % 0 % James Strife 120,000 120,000 0 <1 % 0 % Janina Strife 60,000 60,000 0 <1 % 0 % Karl R Strife 25,000 25,000 0 <1 % 0 % Kelsey M Strife 315,000 315,000 0 <1 % 0 % Kelsey M Strife & Erica Strife 60,000 60,000 0 <1 % 0 % Noel W Strife 497,500 497,500 0 <1 % 0 % 82 Name of Selling Shareholder(s) Position, Office or Other Material Relationship Shares Beneficially Owned Prior to the Offering (1) Shares to be Offered Shares Beneficially Owned After the Offering (2) Percentage Beneficially Owned before the Offering (3) Percentage Beneficially Owned after the Offering (4) Bruce Sylvester & Pamela Sylvester 200,000 200,000 0 <1 % 0 % James B Szczerba & Susan M Szczerba 200,000 200,000 0 <1 % 0 % Michal R. Tate 105,000 105,000 0 <1 % 0 % Andrew Taylor 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Wayne R Taylor 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Dustin Thall 62,500 62,500 0 <1 % 0 % Lawrence Thibault 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Christine Thomson 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % Paul Tillotson & Dana Tillotson 300,000 300,000 0 <1 % 0 % Tonya Tillotson & Jason Tillotson 202,500 202,500 0 <1 % 0 % Mark Tollner 150,000 150,000 0 <1 % 0 % Todd W. Tollner 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Samuel A Torrelli 25,000 25,000 0 <1 % 0 % Jason R. Trost 157,000 157,000 0 <1 % 0 % Richard K Trost 315,000 315,000 0 <1 % 0 % Shane James Tuthill 250,000 250,000 0 <1 % 0 % Alfred Barry Ulrop & Laura Elizabeth Ulrop 314,000 314,000 0 <1 % 0 % Kurt Alfred Ulrop & Mieke Lynne Ulrop 5,000 5,000 0 <1 % 0 % Marc F. Valenti 50,000 50,000 0 <1 % 0 % Brian Valentine & Julie A. Valentine 33,000 33,000 0 <1 % 0 % Benjamin Vanderhoof 18,000 18,000 0 <1 % 0 % Brenda Vanderhoof 16,000 16,000 0 <1 % 0 % Eric Vanderhoof 1,190,000 1,190,000 0 1.5 % 0 % Edward F Vargo & Doris A Vargo 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Richard S Vargo 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Delight S Vencek 105,000 105,000 0 <1 % 0 % George A Vencek 220,000 220,000 0 <1 % 0 % George E Vencek 107,000 107,000 0 <1 % 0 % David Villone 55,000 55,000 0 <1 % 0 % Daniel Volonino 100,000 100,000 0 <1 % 0 % Paula Vullo 279,000 279,000 0 <1 % 0 % Salvatore G Vullo 110,000 110,000 0 <1 % 0 % James R. Waden 10,000 10,000 0 <1 % 0 % William J. Wall 5,000 5,000 0 <1 % 0 % Wayne P. Walters & Rena G. Walters 25,000 25,000 0 <1 % 0 % Walter J Walus Jr & Brenda J Walus 150,000 150,000 0 <1 % 0 % Mark Warsaw 20,000 20,000 0 <1 % 0 % 83 Name of Selling Shareholder(s) Position, Office or Other Material Relationship Shares Beneficially Owned Prior to the Offering (1) Shares to be Offered Shares Beneficially Owned After the Offering (2) Percentage Beneficially Owned before the Offering (3) Percentage Beneficially Owned after the Offering (4) James Watson 45,000 45,000 0 <1% 0 % Charles L Welch & Robert G Welch 100,000 100,000 0 <1% 0 % Wes Wendt Jr. 50,000 50,000 0 <1% 0 % Sydney Wenzel 7,000 7,000 0 <1% 0 % Christopher West & Mary West 60,000 60,000 0 <1% 0 % Michael L West & Mary L West 227,500 227,500 0 <1% 0 % Patricia A West & Michael L West 50,000 50,000 0 <1% 0 % Stacy West & Joshua West 60,000 60,000 0 <1% 0 % Carl R Westling 250,000 250,000 0 <1% 0 % Richard M Whalen 100,000 100,000 0 <1% 0 % Douglas White 50,000 50,000 0 <1% 0 % Carly Wiechec 50,000 50,000 0 <1% 0 % Corry Wiechec 100,000 100,000 0 <1% 0 % John R Wiechec 305,000 305,000 0 <1% 0 % John Richard Wiechec & Deborah Anne Wiechec 100,000 100,000 0 <1% 0 % Craig H Wilber & Nancy A Wilber 200,000 200,000 0 <1% 0 % Lee C Williams II 50,000 50,000 0 <1% 0 % Lawrence Williams 350,000 350,000 0 <1% 0 % Jean Wilson 600,000 600,000 0 <1% 0 % Tanya Wilson 12,000 12,000 0 <1% 0 % Eric James Wolinski 50,000 50,000 0 <1% 0 % Harold J Wright 100,000 100,000 0 <1% 0 % Corey Young 10,000 10,000 0 <1% 0 % Kyle R. Young 20,000 20,000 0 <1% 0 % Tina M Young 55,000 55,000 0 <1% 0 % Aaron Zak 44,000 44,000 0 <1% 0 % Adam J Zak 30,000 30,000 0 <1% 0 % Thomas Zak 82,500 82,500 0 <1% 0 % Gelardo Zenzillo 50,000 50,000 0 <1% 0 % Keith C Zupan 40,000 40,000 0 <1% 0 % Keith Zupan & Tracy A Page 10,000 10,000 0 <1% 0 % 1. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Act, and includes any shares as to which the Selling Shareholder has sole or shared voting power or investment power, and also any shares which the Selling Shareholder has the right to acquire within 60 days of the date hereof, whether through the exercise or conversion of any stock option, convertible security, warrant or other right. The indication herein that shares are beneficially owned is not an admission on the part of the stockholder that it is a direct or indirect beneficial owner of those shares. Except as indicated in the footnotes to the table above, each Selling Shareholder has voting and investment power with respect to the shares set forth opposite such Selling Shareholder’s name. 2. This table assumes that each Selling Shareholder will sell all shares offered for sale by it under this prospectus. 84 3. Percentages are based upon 75,777,750 shares of our common stock outstanding as of the date of this prospectus. 4. Assumes sale of all 54,814,465 Shares offered in the aggregate by the Company and the Selling Shareholders in the offering, and a total of 77,277,750 shares outstanding following the offering assuming all Shares offered in the aggregate by the Company and the Selling Shareholders are sold. 5. Includes 125,000 shares held by Tiber Creek Corporation, a Delaware corporation, which provided certain services to the Company as discussed herein. Mr. James Cassidy is the president and sole shareholder of Tiber Creek Corporation. 6. Includes 125,000 shares held by MB Americus, LLC, a California limited liability company. Mr. James McKillop also works with Tiber Creek Corporation from time to time. Mr. McKillop is an officer and the sole shareholder of MB Americus, LLC. 7. Armando Capuano is the controlling member of A.T.E. Enterprises, LLC. 8. Jason Tillotson is the controlling member of Cottonwood Farms LLC. 9. Gary L Nemrava & Justin R Freeman are the controlling members of Freeman Nemrava Investments LLC. 10. Jason M Shepard is the controlling member of JMSHEP Holdings LLC. 11. Randy Shepard Sr.is the controlling shareholder of Randy Shepard & Associates, Inc. SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE As of the date of this prospectus, there are 75,777,750 shares of common stock outstanding of which 24,759,205 shares are owned by officers and directors of the Company. There will be a total of 77,277,750 shares outstanding if the maximum number of Shares offered by the Selling Shareholders and by the Company, in its concurrent direct offering, are sold, of which 22,463,285 shares would be owned by officers and directors of the Company. The shares of common stock held by current shareholders are considered “restricted securities” subject to the limitations of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. In general, securities may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 after being fully-paid and held for more than 12 months. While affiliates of the Company are subject to certain limits in the amount of restricted securities they can sell under Rule 144, there are no such limitations on sales by persons who are not affiliates of the Company. In the event non-affiliated holders elect to sell such shares in the public market, there is likely to be a negative effect on the market price of the Company's securities. 85 [RESALE PROSPECTUS ALTERNATE PAGE] PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION; TERMS OF THE OFFERING Selling Stockholders The Selling Stockholders may, from time to time, sell any or all of their shares of common stock on any stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the shares are traded or in private transactions. These sales may be at fixed or negotiated prices. The Selling Stockholders may use any one or more of the following methods when selling shares: · Ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers; · Block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the shares as agent, but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction; · Purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account; · An exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange; · Privately negotiated transactions; · Short sales after this registration statement becomes effective; · Broker-dealers may agree with the selling stockholder to sell a specified number of such shares at a stipulated price per share; · Through the writing of options on the shares; · A combination of any such methods of sale; and · Any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law. The Selling Stockholders may also sell the shares directly to market makers acting as principals and/or broker-dealers acting as agents for themselves or their customers. Such broker-dealers may receive compensation in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions from the selling stockholder and/or the purchasers of shares for whom such broker-dealers may act as agents or to whom they sell as principal or both, which compensation as to a particular broker-dealer might be in excess of customary commissions. Market makers and block purchasers purchasing the shares will do so for their own account and at their own risk. It is possible that a selling stockholder will attempt to sell shares of common stock in block transactions to market makers or other purchasers at a price per share which may be below the then market price. The selling stockholder cannot assure that all or any of the shares offered in this prospectus will be issued to, or sold by, the selling stockholder. The Selling Stockholders and any brokers, dealers or agents, upon effecting the sale of any of the shares offered in this prospectus, are “underwriters” as that term is defined under the Securities Act, or the Exchange Act, or the rules and regulations under such acts. In such event, any commissions received by such broker-dealers or agents and any profit on the resale of the shares purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts under the Securities Act. Discounts, concessions, commissions and similar selling expenses, if any, attributable to the sale of shares will be borne by the Selling Stockholders. The Selling Stockholders may agree to indemnify any agent, dealer or broker-dealer that participates in transactions involving sales of the shares if liabilities are imposed on that person under the Securities Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company decides to engage a placement agent in connection with this registration statement, then the Company shall be obligated to pay the fees connected to the placement agent. The Company has agreed to pay all fees and expenses incident to the registration of the shares of common stock. The Selling Stockholders intend to sell/distribute the shares of common stock that they acquire from the Company in the open market. The Selling Stockholders shall acquire the securities offered hereby in the ordinary course of business and has advised us that it has not entered into any agreements, understandings or arrangements with any underwriters or broker-dealers regarding the sale of its shares of common stock, nor is there an underwriter or coordinating broker acting in connection with a proposed sale of shares of common stock by any Selling Stockholders. If we are notified by any selling stockholder that any material arrangement has been entered into with a broker-dealer for the sale of shares of common stock, if required, we will file a supplement to this prospectus. If Selling Stockholders uses this Prospectus for any sale of the shares of common stock, it will be subject to the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act. Regulation M The anti-manipulation rules of Regulation M under the Exchange Act may apply to sales of our common stock and activities of the Selling Stockholders. 86 During such time as it may be engaged in a distribution of any of the shares we are registering by this registration statement, the Selling Stockholders are required to comply with Regulation M. In general, Regulation M precludes any selling security holder, any affiliated purchasers and any broker-dealer or other person who participates in a distribution from bidding for or purchasing, or attempting to induce any person to bid for or purchase, any security which is the subject of the distribution until the entire distribution is complete. Regulation M defines a "distribution" as an offering of securities that is distinguished from ordinary trading activities by the magnitude of the offering and the presence of special selling efforts and selling methods. Regulation M also defines a "distribution participant" as an underwriter, prospective underwriter, broker, dealer, or other person who has agreed to participate or who is participating in a distribution. Regulation M under the Exchange Act prohibits, with certain exceptions, participants in a distribution from bidding for or purchasing, for an account in which the participant has a beneficial interest, any of the securities that are the subject of the distribution. Regulation M also governs bids and purchases made in order to stabilize the price of a security in connection with a distribution of the security. We have informed the Selling Stockholders that the anti-manipulation provisions of Regulation M may apply to the sales of their shares offered by this prospectus, and we have also advised the Selling Stockholders of the requirements for delivery of this Prospectus in connection with any sales of the common stock offered by this prospectus. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Selling Stockholders shall not sell stock short, either directly or indirectly through its affiliates, principals or advisors, our common stock during the term of the agreement. 87 [RESALE PROSPECTUS ALTERNATE PAGE] PROSPECTUS SKYWOLF TURBINES CORPORATION 156 Court Street Geneseo, NY 14454 (585) 447-9135 53,314,465 shares of common stock DEALER PROSPECTUS DELIVERY OBLIGATION Until _______________, 2017, all dealers that effect transactions in these securities, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers’ obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions. ____________________, 2017 88 PART II — INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN THE PROSPECTUS Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. Securities and Exchange Commission registration fee $ 12,705.99 Federal Taxes $ 0 State Taxes and Fees $ 0 Transfer Agent Fees $ 0 Accounting fees and expenses $ 40,950 Legal fees and expense $ 100,000 Blue Sky fees and expenses $ 0 Miscellaneous $ 0 Total $ 153,655.99 All amounts are estimates other than the Commission’s registration fee and legal fees and expenses. The Company is paying all expenses of the offering listed above. Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers. The Company's certificate of incorporation, by-laws and other contracts provide for indemnification of its officers, directors, agents, fiduciaries and employees. These provisions allow the Company to pay for the expenses of these persons in connection with legal proceedings brought because of the person's position with the Company. The Company does not believe that such indemnification affects the capacity of such person acting as officer, director or control person of the Company. Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. The Company has issued the following securities in the last three (3) years. All such securities were issued pursuant to an exemption from registration of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as a transaction by an issuer not involving any public offering, as noted below. Each of these transactions was issued as part of a private placement of securities by the Company in which (i) no general advertising or solicitation was used, and (ii) the investors purchasing securities were acquiring the same for investment purposes only, without a view to resale. Furthermore, no underwriters participated or effectuated any of the transactions specified below. Also, no underwriting discounts or commissions applied to any of the transactions set forth below. All potential investors were contacted personally and possessed at the time of their investment bona fide substantive, pre-existing business relationships with the Company and/or its officers, directors and affiliates. No potential investors were contacted through other means, and no general advertising or general solicitation was used to solicit any investors. In 2014 the Company issued 4,960,350 shares of common stock to 67 shareholders and received $468,800 in proceeds. In 2015, the Company issued 6,098,650 shares of common stock to 110 shareholders and received $530,750 in proceeds. In May 2017, the Company issued 250,000 shares of common stock, valued at $25,000, to two shareholders pursuant to an agreement with Tiber Creek Corporation. In 2017, the Company issued 3,335,250 shares of common stock to 57 shareholders and received $294,250 in proceeds. Exemption From Registration. The shares of Common Stock referenced herein were issued in reliance upon one of the following exemptions: (a) The shares of Common Stock referenced herein were issued in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by the provisions of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, ("Securities Act"), based upon the following: (a) each of the persons to whom the shares of Common Stock were issued (each such person, an "Investor") confirmed to the Company that it or he is a sophisticated investor and has such background, education and experience in financial and business matters as to be able to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the securities, (b) there was no public offering or general solicitation with respect to the offering of such shares, (c) each Investor was provided with certain disclosure materials and all other information requested with respect to the Company, (d) each Investor acknowledged that all securities being purchased were being purchased for investment intent and were "restricted securities" for purposes of the Securities Act, and agreed to transfer such securities only in a transaction registered under the Securities Act or exempt from registration under the Securities Act and (e) a legend has been, or will be, placed on the certificates representing each such security stating that it was restricted and could only be transferred if subsequently registered under the Securities Act or transferred in a transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act. 89 (b) The shares of Common Stock referenced herein were issued pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S of the Act. No commissions were paid in connection with the completion of this offering, except as noted above. We completed the offering of the shares pursuant to Rule 903 of Regulation S of the Act on the basis that the sale of the shares was completed in an "offshore transaction", as defined in Rule 902(h) of Regulation S. We did not engage in any directed selling efforts, as defined in Regulation S, in the United States in connection with the sale of the shares. Each investor represented to us that the investor was not a "U.S. person", as defined in Regulation S, and was not acquiring the shares for the account or benefit of a U.S. person. The agreement executed between us and each investor included statements that the securities had not been registered pursuant to the Act and that the securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless the securities are registered under the Act or pursuant to an exemption from the Act. Each investor agreed by execution of the agreement for the shares: (i) to resell the securities purchased only in accordance with the provisions of Regulation S, pursuant to registration under the Act or pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Act; (ii) that we are required to refuse to register any sale of the securities purchased unless the transfer is in accordance with the provisions of Regulation S, pursuant to registration under the Act or pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Act; and (iii) not to engage in hedging transactions with regards to the securities purchased unless in compliance with the Act. All certificates representing the shares were or upon issuance will be endorsed with a restrictive legend confirming that the securities had been issued pursuant to Regulation S of the Act and could not be resold without registration under the Act or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Act. (c) The shares of common stock referenced herein were issued pursuant to and in accordance with Regulation D Rule 506 and Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. We made this determination in part based on the representations of Investors, which included, in pertinent part, that such Investors were an “accredited investor” as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act, and upon such further representations from the Investors that (a) the Investor is acquiring the securities for his, her or its own account for investment and not for the account of any other person and not with a view to or for distribution, assignment or resale in connection with any distribution within the meaning of the Securities Act, (b) the Investor agrees not to sell or otherwise transfer the purchased securities unless they are registered under the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws, or an exemption or exemptions from such registration are available, (c) the Investor either alone or together with its representatives has knowledge and experience in financial and business matters such that he, she or it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in us, and (d) the Investor has no need for the liquidity in its investment in us and could afford the complete loss of such investment. Our determination is made based further upon our action of (a) making written disclosure to each Investor prior to the closing of sale that the securities have not been registered under the Securities Act and therefore cannot be resold unless they are registered or unless an exemption from registration is available, (b) making written descriptions of the securities being offered, the use of the proceeds from the offering and any material changes in the Company’s affairs that are not disclosed in the documents furnished, and (c) placement of a legend on the certificate that evidences the securities stating that the securities have not been registered under the Securities Act and setting forth the restrictions on transferability and sale of the securities, and upon such inaction of the Company of any general solicitation or advertising for securities herein issued in reliance upon Regulation D Rule 506 and Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation 3.2 Bylaws 5.1* Opinion of Counsel on legality of securities being registered 10.1 Memorandum of Understanding with Ferchale Trading SAC 23.1 Consent of Accountants 23.2* Consent of Attorney (as part of Exhibit 5.1) * To be filed. Item 17. Undertakings. Undertaking Required by Item 512 of Regulation S-K. (a) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: 90 (1) to file, during any period in which it offers or sells securities are being made, a post-effective amendment to this Registration Statement to: (i) include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act; (ii) reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of this registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; and (iii) include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; provided, however, that paragraphs (a)(1)(i) and (a)(1)(ii) of this rule do not apply if the registration statement is on Form S-8, and the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the Commission by the registrant pursuant to section 13 or section 15(d) of the Exchange Act that are incorporated by reference in the registration statement; and paragraphs (a)(1)(i), (a)(1)(ii) and (a)(1)(iii) of this section do not apply if the registration statement is on Form S-3 or Form F-3 and the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the Commission by the registrant pursuant to section 13 or section 15(d) of the Exchange Act that are incorporated by reference in the registration statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is not part of the registration statement. Provided further, however, that paragraphs (a)(1)(i) and (a)(1)(ii) do not apply if the registration statement is for an offering of asset-backed securities on Form S-1 or Form S-3, and the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment is provided pursuant to item 1100(c) of Regulation AB. (2) For determining liability under the Securities Act, treat each post-effective amendment as a new registration statement of the securities offered, and the offering of the securities at that time to be the initial bona fide offering. (3) File a post-effective amendment to remove from registration any of the securities that remain unsold at the end of the offering. (b) For determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (1) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (2) Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the registrant or used or referred to by the registrant; (3) The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the registrant; and (4) Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the registrant to the purchaser. (c) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 91 (d) That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act to any purchaser: If the registrant is relying on Rule 430B: (i) Each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and (ii) Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by section 10(a) of the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such effective date; or If the registrant is subject to Rule 430C, each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of a registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. If the registrant is relying on Rule 430A: (i) For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective. (ii) For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. 92 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on May 15, 2017. SKYWOLF WIND TURBINE CORPORATION By: /s/ Gerald Brock Title: President (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Amy Brock Title: Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) By: /s/ Amy Brock Title: Treasurer (Principal Accounting Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed below by the following persons, constituting all of the members of the board of directors, in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Capacity Date /s/ Gerald Brock Director May 15, 2017 93
