taylor_s1.htm UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Taylor Consulting Inc. (Name of small business issuer in our charter) Delaware 8741 30-0721344 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) IRS I.D. 16124 Rosecrans Ave #3H La Mirada CA 90638 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Telephone: 619-301-8645 Vcorp Services LLC 1811 Silverside Rd. Wilmington DE 19810 888-528-2677 (Name, address and telephone number of agent for service) Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this Registration Statement. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box. x If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act Registration Statement number of the earlier effective Registration Statement for the same offering. o If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act Registration Statement number of the earlier effective Registration Statement for the same offering. o If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act Registration Statement number of the earlier effective Registration Statement for the same offering. o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. Large accelerated filer o Accelerated Filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company x CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of each class of securities to be registered Amount to be registered [1] Proposed maximum offering price per unit Proposed maximum aggregate offering price Amount of registration fee [2] Common Stock offered by the Selling Stockholders [3] 3,020,000 $ .05 $ 151,000 $ 17.31 _________ (1) Estimated in accordance with Rule 457(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 solely for the purpose of computing the amount of the registration fee based on the maximum aggregate offering price. (2) Calculated under Section 6(b) of the Securities Act of 1933 as .0001146 of the aggregate offering price. (3) Represents shares of the registrant’s common stock being registered for resale that have been issued to the selling shareholders named in this registration statement. We hereby amend this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay our effective date until we will file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until this Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to Section 8(a) may determine. 2 PROSPECTUS – SUBJECT TO COMPLETION DATED May 8, 2012 Taylor Consulting Inc. 3,020,000 Shares of Common Stock Selling shareholders are offering up to 3,020,000 shares of common stock. The selling shareholders will offer their shares at $0.05 per share until our shares are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board and, assuming we secure this qualification, thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. We will not receive proceeds from the sale of shares from the selling shareholders. There are no underwriting commissions involved in this offering. We have agreed to pay all the costs of this offering. Selling shareholders will pay no offering expenses. Prior to this offering, there has been no market for our securities. Our common stock is not now listed on any national securities exchange or the NASDAQ stock market, and is not eligible to trade on the OTC Bulletin Board. There is no guarantee that our securities will ever trade on the OTC Bulletin Board or on any listed exchange. This offering is highly speculative and these securities involve a high degree of risk and should be considered only by persons who can afford the loss of their entire investment. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 8. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. This prospectus is included in the registration statement that was filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement becomes effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. The date of this prospectus is _________________ , 2012. 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE SUMMARY INFORMATION 5 RISK FACTORS 8 USE OF PROCEEDS 12 DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE 12 DILUTION 12 SELLING SHAREHOLDERS 13 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 15 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 16 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS, AND CONTROL PERSONS 17 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 18 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 18 INTEREST OF NAMED EXPERTS 20 DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES LIABILITIES 20 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 20 DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY 26 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 26 MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 26 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 28 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 28 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-1 4 SUMMARY INFORMATION You should carefully read all information in the prospectus, including the financial statements and their explanatory notes, under the Financial Statements prior to making an investment decision. Organization Taylor Consulting Inc., or the “Company,” is a Delaware corporation formed on February 29, 2012. Our principal executive office is located at 16124 Rosecrans Ave #3H, La Mirada CA 90638. Telephone: 619-301-8645. Business We are a development stage company. We are a basketball sports consulting company that provides consultation, feedback, coaching and program management to a youth and adult basketball teams, leagues, tournaments and programs. We will provide program development and management, including tournament organization and operation, as well as feedback and detailed analysis of events and programs for these various basketball related events and activities. We will also provide coaching for individual players within these organizations as well as basketball program coaches and administrators, providing additional opportunity for individual basketball player and overall basketball program advancement. We believe that by becoming a public company we can increase our visibility and prestige and thus grow our business faster than as a private company. Since our inception we have engaged in the following significant operating activities, which have resulted in of revenues from inception to May 1, 2012: · Kentucky Basketball Evaluation Camp for invitation to a National Exposure Camp o Management ran a basketball evaluation event. Management performed basketball skills and drills and then put each player in specific games in order to better evaluate the players. Management evaluated each player with regards to their skills and when each game set was done, management reviewed their findings with players, coaches and parents. When this was completed, management then had them play another game and when the games concluded, management would invite a certain number of kids to the next level and allow them to showcase their skills at the next level. At every event we work, regardless of if it is an evaluation product, or a consultation.....management always markets for future events. · Northern California evaluation/consultation of High school/AAU Program for future exposure o This was more of a consulting service. Management came in, evaluated the entire programs ability, the programs current standing, the player abilities, etc. We mapped out the upcoming summer's activities, programmed future camps, and management evaluated the coaches with regards to their strengths and weaknesses. This was a session where management provided a blueprint for the entire program and the coaches specifically. Management also informed them management would check in every week or every 2 weeks for status updates and the ability to answer questions. · Washington DC consultation of high school program/AAU future possibilities o This was a consulting service. Management came in, evaluated the entire programs ability, the programs current standing, the player abilities, etc. We mapped out the upcoming summer's activities, programmed future camps, and management evaluated the coaches with regards to their strengths and weaknesses. This was a session where management provided a blueprint for the entire program and the coaches specifically. Management also informed them management would check in every week or every 2 weeks for status updates and the ability to answer questions. · Connecticut evaluation camp for future invitational exposure camp o Management ran a basketball evaluation event. Management performed basketball skills and drills and then put each player in specific games in order to better evaluate the players. Management evaluated each player with regards to their skills and when each game set was done, management reviewed my findings with players, coaches and parents. When this was completed, management then had them play another game and when the games concluded, management would invite a certain number of kids to the next level and allow them to showcase their skills at the next level. 5 During the next 12 months, we anticipate engaging in the following operational activities, although we may vary our plans depending upon operational conditions: Event Actions Time Total estimated cost National Camp Consultation Contact and meet with National Camp Organizers and Owners to propose offering our services June, 2012 $ 5,000 Summer AAU organizational Affiliation on both National and local scale Research the top national travel AAU teams and contact them via social media outlets and then schedule meetings and sit-downs to make a proposal. June, 2012 $ 5,000 Winter National High School Tournaments Travel, contact and meet with organizers of the best High School Basketball tournaments in the United States. September, 2012 $ 3,500 Contact top players around the United States and Europe to advise for future college possibilities. Research the top players in the country and contact them via social media. October, 2012 $ 1,000 Except for illness of management or cancellation of events by sponsors, which we do not anticipate, we do not foresee any significant obstacles to implementing this plan. Since our inception to May 1, 2012, we have generated revenues of $25,342. As of May 1, 2012, we have approximately $15,000 cash in the bank. As shown in the table above, we need a minimum of approximately $15,000 in funds to finance our business in the next 12 months. This amount does not include all our costs which we will incur irrespective of our business development activities, including bank service fees and those costs associated with SEC requirements associated with going and staying public, estimated to be approximately $50,000 in connection with this registration statement and thereafter $40,000 annually. Accordingly, we estimate our total need for funds for operations in the next 12 months is $65,000. We anticipate an average monthly burn rate of no more than $5,500 during the next 12 months. On April 1, 2012, we entered into a Funding Agreement with Dave Taylor, our president and Director to provide operational and going and staying public funding for us in such amounts as are required to meet these needs until we generate sufficient cash flow to fund these operations. We maintain a website at www.taylorconsultingincla.com . Nothing on the website is part of this prospectus. Our auditor has indicated in its report that the fact that we are in the development stage raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The Offering As of the date of this prospectus, we had 8,020,000 shares of common stock outstanding. Selling shareholders are offering up to 3,020,000 shares of common stock. The selling shareholders will offer their shares at $0.05 per share until our shares are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board and thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. We will pay all expenses of registering the securities, estimated at approximately $60,000. We will not receive any proceeds of the sale of these securities. To be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, a market maker must file an application on our behalf in order to make a market for our common stock. There is no guarantee that our stock will ever be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. The current absence of a public market for our common stock may make it more difficult for you to sell shares of our common stock that you own. 6 Financial Summary Because this is only a financial summary, it does not contain all the financial information that may be important to you. Therefore, you should carefully read all the information in this prospectus, including the financial statements and their explanatory notes before making an investment decision. For the Period from February 29, 2012 (inception) through March 31, 2012 STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS Revenues $ 14,080 Professional Fees $ 525 General and Administrative Expenses $ - Total Operating Expenses $ 525 Net Income $ 13,555 For the Period from February 29, 2012 (inception) through March 31, 2012 BALANCE SHEET DATA Cash $ 14,185 Total Assets $ 14,185 Total Liabilities $ 3,757 Stockholders’ Equity $ 10,428 7 RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information provided in this prospectus, you should carefully consider the following risk factors in evaluating our business before purchasing any of our common stock. All material risks are discussed in this section. Risks Related to our Business Our generating limited revenues from operations makes it difficult for us to evaluate our future business prospects and make decisions based on those estimates of our future performance. Since our inception to May 1, 2012, we have generated revenues of $25,342. As a consequence, it is difficult, if not impossible, to forecast our future results based upon our historical data. Because of the related uncertainties, we may be hindered in our ability to anticipate and timely adapt to increases or decreases in sales, revenues or expenses. If we make poor budgetary decisions as a result of unreliable data, we may never become profitable or incur losses, which may result in a decline in our stock price. Our auditor has indicated in its report that the fact that we are in the development stage raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and if we are unable to generate significant revenues or secure financing we may be required to cease or curtail our operations. Our auditor has indicated in its report that the fact that we are in the development stage raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. If we are unable to generate significant revenue or secure financing we may be required to cease or curtail our operations. There is the risk of personal injuries and accidents in connection with basketball events for which we are hired to perform management and consulting services as well as in connection with our coaching activities, which could subject us to personal injury or other claims and increase our expenses. There is the risk of personal injuries and accidents in connection with basketball events for which we are hired to perform management and consulting services as well as in connection with our coaching activities, which could subject us to personal injury or other claims and increase our expenses. Personal injuries and accidents may occur from time to time in connection with these planned activities which could subject us to claims and liabilities for personal injuries, reducing operating income. Although we maintain insurance polices that provide coverage within limits that are sufficient, in management’s judgment, to protect us from material financial loss for personal injuries sustained by persons these events or who we coach in the ordinary course of business, there can be no assurance that such insurance will be adequate at all times and in all circumstances. Our revenues depend in part on the success of our marketing campaigns, and there can be no assurance that such advertising, promotional and other marketing campaigns will be successful or will generate revenue or profits. Similar to many companies, we will spend funds on advertising, promotional and other marketing campaigns to secure basketball events for which we will be hired to perform management and consulting services as well as in connection with our coaching activities. Such marketing activities include, among others, using social media sites specific to basketball events and venues, email blasts, database blasts, phone calls and prior relationships primarily bases upon information and contacts management has already obtained via previous events. There can be no assurance that such advertising, promotional and other marketing campaigns will be successful or will generate revenue or profits. 8 Our business is subject to general economic and business factors that are largely out of our control, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. We may be affected by recessionary economic cycles as clients are less likely to engage a basketball sports consulting firm and substitute such services by self planning events and self coaching players. Economic conditions may adversely affect our clients and their ability to pay for our services or to host events. If fewer and smaller events or self-coaching become a trend, this may negatively impact our operations. Because our planned business is highly seasonal, our revenue, cash flows from operations and operating results may fluctuate on a seasonal and quarterly basis. Due to our limited operating history, our evolving business model and the unpredictability of the demand for basketball sports consulting activities, our operating results may fluctuate significantly in the future. Our higher months of revenue will be before the high school basketball seasons and during the summer months. Many of the factors that cause these fluctuations are outside of our control. After we commence operations, we will face increasing competition from other basketball sports consulting firms. The basketball sports consulting industry in throughout the world is fragmented. Our ability to compete against other enterprises will be, to a significant extent, dependent on our ability to distinguish our services from those of our competitors by providing high quality services and effective that appeal to basketball event organizers, program administrators, coaches and players tastes and preferences at reasonable prices. Some of our future competitors have been in business longer than we have and are more established. Our future competitors may provide services comparable or superior to those we provide or adapt more quickly than we do to evolving industry trends or changing market requirements. Increased competition may result in price reductions, higher service prices, reduced margins and loss of market share, any of which could materially adversely affect our profit margins after we commence operations and generate revenues. After we commence operations, we face intense competition, and our inability to compete effectively for any reason could adversely affect our business. The basketball sports consulting market is highly competitive, and after we commence operations, we will face competition from a number of competitors in this industry. We will compete primarily on the basis of providing a more “hands on” approach that specializes in a program’s specific needs and targeting more regional/local markets. Many of our competitors are, or are affiliated with, larger companies that have substantially greater marketing or financial resources than we have. These resources give our competitors greater operating flexibility that, in certain cases, may permit them to respond better or more quickly to changes in the industry or to introduce new service offerings faster and with greater marketing support. Increased competition could result in lower profit margins, substantial pricing pressure, reduced market share and lower operating cash flows. Price competition, together with other forms of competition, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and operating cash flows. We depend heavily on key personnel, and turnover of key senior management could harm our business. Our future business and results of operations depend in significant part upon the continued contributions of our founders, president Dave Taylor and secretary Jason Hitt. If we lose their services or if they fail to perform in their current positions, or if we are not able to attract and retain skilled employees as needed, our business could suffer. Significant turnover in our senior management could significantly deplete our institutional knowledge held by our existing senior management team. We depend on the skills and abilities of these key employees in managing the product acquisition, marketing and sales aspects of our business, any part of which could be harmed by turnover in the future. 9 Our management has limited experience in managing the day to day operations of a public company and, as a result, we may incur additional expenses associated with the management of our company. Our founders, president Dave Taylor and secretary Jason Hitt, are responsible for the operations and reporting of our company. The requirements of operating as a small public company are new to the management team and the employees as a whole. This may require us to obtain outside assistance from legal, accounting, investor relations, or other professionals that could be more costly than planned. We may also be required to hire additional staff to comply with additional SEC reporting requirements. We anticipate that the costs associated with SEC requirements associated with going and staying public are estimated to be approximately $50,000 in connection with this registration statement and thereafter $40,000 annually. If we lack cash resources to cover these costs in the future, our failure to comply with reporting requirements and other provisions of securities laws could negatively affect our stock price and adversely affect our potential results of operations, cash flow and financial condition after we commence operations. Risks Related to the Market for our Stock Investors may have difficulty in reselling their shares due to the lack of market or state Blue Sky laws. Our common stock is currently not quoted on any market. No market may ever develop for our common stock, or if developed, may not be sustained in the future. The holders of our shares of common stock and persons who desire to purchase them in any trading market that might develop in the future should be aware that there may be significant state law restrictions upon the ability of investors to resell our shares. Accordingly, even if we are successful in having the Shares available for trading on the OTCBB, investors should consider any secondary market for the Company's securities to be a limited one. We intend to seek coverage and publication of information regarding the company in an accepted publication which permits a "manual exemption." This manual exemption permits a security to be distributed in a particular state without being registered if the company issuing the security has a listing for that security in a securities manual recognized by the state. However, it is not enough for the security to be listed in a recognized manual. The listing entry must contain (1) the names of issuers, officers, and directors, (2) an issuer's balance sheet, and (3) a profit and loss statement for either the fiscal year preceding the balance sheet or for the most recent fiscal year of operations. We may not be able to secure a listing containing all of this information. Furthermore, the manual exemption is a non issuer exemption restricted to secondary trading transactions, making it unavailable for issuers selling newly issued securities. Most of the accepted manuals are those published in Standard and Poor's, Moody's Investor Service, Fitch's Investment Service, and Best's Insurance Reports, and many states expressly recognize these manuals. A smaller number of states declare that they “recognize securities manuals” but do not specify the recognized manuals. The following states do not have any provisions and therefore do not expressly recognize the manual exemption: Alabama, Georgia, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana, Montana, South Dakota, Tennessee, Vermont and Wisconsin. Accordingly, our shares should be considered totally illiquid, which inhibits investors’ ability to resell their shares. We will be subject to penny stock regulations and restrictions and you may have difficulty selling shares of our common stock. The SEC has adopted regulations which generally define so-called “penny stocks” to be an equity security that has a market price less than $5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exemptions. We anticipate that our common stock will become a “penny stock”, and we will become subject to Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act, or the “Penny Stock Rule”. This rule imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that sell such securities to persons other than established customers. For transactions covered by Rule 15g-9, a broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and have received the purchaser’s written consent to the transaction prior to sale. As a result, this rule may affect the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and may affect the ability of purchasers to sell any of our securities in the secondary market. 10 For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require delivery, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, of a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. Disclosure is also required to be made about sales commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally, monthly statements are required to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stock. We do not anticipate that our common stock will qualify for exemption from the Penny Stock Rule. In any event, even if our common stock were exempt from the Penny Stock Rule, we would remain subject to Section 15(b)(6) of the Exchange Act, which gives the SEC the authority to restrict any person from participating in a distribution of penny stock, if the SEC finds that such a restriction would be in the public interest. Sales of our common stock under Rule 144 could reduce the price of our stock. There are 3,020,000 shares of our common stock held by non-affiliates and 5,000,000 shares held by affiliates that Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933 defines as restricted securities. 3,020,000 of our shares held by non-affiliates and none of the shares held by management and their affiliates are being registered in this offering, however all of the remaining shares will still be subject to the resale restrictions of Rule 144. In general, persons holding restricted securities, including affiliates, must hold their shares for a period of at least six months, may not sell more than one percent of the total issued and outstanding shares in any 90-day period, and must resell the shares in an unsolicited brokerage transaction at the market price. The availability for sale of substantial amounts of common stock under Rule 144 could reduce prevailing market prices for our securities. Because we do not have an audit or compensation committee, shareholders will have to rely on the entire board of directors, none of which are independent, to perform these functions. We do not have an audit or compensation committee comprised of independent directors. Indeed, we do not have any audit or compensation committee. These functions are performed by the board of directors as a whole. No members of the board of directors are independent directors. Thus, there is a potential conflict in that board members who are also part of management will participate in discussions concerning management compensation and audit issues that may affect management decisions. Certain of our stockholders hold a significant percentage of our outstanding voting securities which could reduce the ability of minority shareholders to effect certain corporate actions . Our officers, directors and majority shareholders are the beneficial owners of approximately 62.34% of our outstanding voting securities. As a result, they possess significant influence and can elect a majority of our board of directors and authorize or prevent proposed significant corporate transactions. Their ownership and control may also have the effect of delaying or preventing a future change in control, impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination or discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer. There may not be funds available for net income because two officers maintain significant control and can determine their own salary and perquisites. Our officers, directors and majority shareholders are the beneficial owners of approximately 62.34% of our outstanding voting securities. As a result, there may not be funds available for net income because one of our officers maintains significant control and can determine management’s salary and perquisites. Because one of our two executive officers holds a significant majority of our shares of common stock, it may not be possible to have adequate internal controls. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ("Section 404") requires our management to report on the operating effectiveness of the Company's Internal Controls over financial reporting for the year ending March 31 following the year in which this registration statement is declared effective. We must establish an ongoing program to perform the system and process evaluation and testing necessary to comply with these requirements. However, because one of our two executive officers holds a significant majority of our shares of common stock, it may not be possible to have adequate internal controls. We cannot predict what affect this will have on our stock price. 11 Special Information Regarding Forward Looking Statements Some of the statements in this prospectus are “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements involve certain known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include, among others, the factors set forth above under “Risk Factors.” The words “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update and revise any forward-looking statements or to publicly announce the result of any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements in this document to reflect any future or developments. However, the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 is not available to us as a non-reporting issuer and as an issuer of penny stocks. Further, Section 27A(b)(2)(D) of the Securities Act and Section 21E(b)(2)(D) of the Securities Exchange Act expressly state that the safe harbor for forward looking statements does not apply to statements made in connection with an initial public offering. USE OF PROCEEDS Not applicable. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares offered by the selling shareholders. DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE Our management has determined the offering price for the selling shareholders' shares. The price of the shares we are offering was arbitrarily determined based upon the prior offering price in our private placement. We have no agreement, written or oral, with our selling shareholders about this price. Based upon oral conversations with our selling shareholders, we believe that none of our selling shareholders disagree with this price. The offering price bears no relationship whatsoever to our assets, earnings, book value or other criteria of value. The factors considered were: · our lack of significant revenues · our growth potential · the price we believe a purchaser is willing to pay for our stock The offering price does not bear any relationship to our assets, results of operations, or book value, or to any other generally accepted criteria of valuation. Prior to this offering, there has been no market for our securities. DILUTION Not applicable. We are not offering any shares in this registration statement. All shares are being registered on behalf of our selling shareholders. 12 SELLING SHAREHOLDERS The selling security holders named below are selling the securities. The table assumes that all of the securities will be sold in this offering. However, any or all of the securities listed below may be retained by any of the selling security holders, and therefore, no accurate forecast can be made as to the number of securities that will be held by the selling security holders upon termination of this offering. We believe that the selling security holders listed in the table have sole voting and investment powers with respect to the securities indicated. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the securities by the selling security holders. None of our selling security holders is or is affiliated with a broker-dealer. All selling security holders may be deemed underwriters. Name of Shareholders Total Shares Owned Shares Registered Remaining Shares if All Registered Shares Sold % Before Offering % After Offering Material Transactions with Selling Shareholder in past 3 years (incl. nature of services provided and dates provided) Ann Edwards 80,000 80,000 0 0.9975 % 0 % William Benham 80,000 80,000 0 0.9975 % 0 % Charles Boileau 80,000 80,000 0 0.9975 % 0 % Charlotte Martin 80,000 80,000 0 0.9975 % 0 % Christine Newton 80,000 80,000 0 0.9975 % 0 % Claire Hamilton 100,000 100,000 0 1.2469 % 0 % Darren Hindle 80,000 80,000 0 0.9975 % 0 % Doreen Bennett 80,000 80,000 0 0.9975 % 0 % Edward Dewar 80,000 80,000 0 0.9975 % 0 % Edward Moloney 80,000 80,000 0 0.9975 % 0 % Emily Runciman 80,000 80,000 0 0.9975 % 0 % Giles Martin 80,000 80,000 0 0.9975 % 0 % Harriet Lane 100,000 100,000 0 1.2469 % 0 % James Stewart 80,000 80,000 0 0.9975 % 0 % Jill Markou 100,000 100,000 0 1.2469 % 0 % Julia Poole-Warren 100,000 100,000 0 1.2469 % 0 % Katharine Newton 100,000 100,000 0 1.2469 % 0 % Katharine Dewar 100,000 100,000 0 1.2469 % 0 % Lisa Ahlas 100,000 100,000 0 1.2469 % 0 % Louisa Maaldrink 100,000 100,000 0 1.2469 % 0 % Michael Bennett 80,000 80,000 0 0.9975 % 0 % Sam Fishbourne 80,000 80,000 0 0.9975 % 0 % Sarah Coates 100.000 100.000 0 1.2469 % 0 % William Collins 100,000 100,000 0 1.2469 % 0 % Shivani Amin 100,000 100,000 0 1.2469 % 0 % Somasundram Rajasegaran 80,000 80,000 0 0.9975 % 0 % Somasundram Somasegaran 80,000 80,000 0 0.9975 % 0 % Zara D’abo 100,000 100,000 0 1.2469 % 0 % Christian Jaroljmek 100,000 100,000 0 1.2469 % 0 % Dominic Reeve-Tucker 100,000 100,000 0 1.2469 % 0 % Deborah Dell 60,000 60,000 0 0.7481 % 0 % Sara French 60,000 60,000 0 0.7481 % 0 % Rachel Bailey 100,000 100,000 0 1.2469 % 0 % Nadezhda Peksheva 60,000 60,000 0 0.7481 % 0 % Nicholas Dean Ward 60,000 60,000 0 0.7481 % 0 % TOTAL 3,020,000 3,020,000 ________ * Less than 1% [1] Assuming sale of all shares registered hereunder. 13 Share Issuances In April 2012, we sold 3,020,000 shares of common stock to 35 non-U.S. investors at a price of $.02 per share for aggregate consideration of approximately $60,400. We relied upon Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended for the above issuances to non US citizens or residents. We believed that Regulation S was available because: - None of these issuances involved underwriters, underwriting discounts or commissions; - We placed Regulation S required restrictive legends on all certificates issued; - No offers or sales of stock under the Regulation S offering were made to persons in the United States; - No direct selling efforts of the Regulation S offering were made in the United States. In connection with the above transactions, although some of the investors may have also been accredited, we provided the following to all investors: - Access to all our books and records. - Access to all material contracts and documents relating to our operations. - The opportunity to obtain any additional information, to the extent we possessed such information, necessary to verify the accuracy of the information to which the investors were given access. Prospective investors were invited to review at our offices at any reasonable hour, after reasonable advance notice, any materials available to us concerning our business. Prospective Investors were also invited to visit our offices. Blue Sky The holders of our shares of common stock and persons who desire to purchase them in any trading market that might develop in the future should be aware that there may be significant state law restrictions upon the ability of investors to resell our shares. Accordingly, even if we are successful in having the Shares available for trading on the OTCBB, investors should consider any secondary market for the Company's securities to be a limited one. There is no guarantee that our stock will ever be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. We intend to seek coverage and publication of information regarding the company in an accepted publication which permits a "manual exemption”. This manual exemption permits a security to be distributed in a particular state without being registered if the company issuing the security has a listing for that security in a securities manual recognized by the state. However, it is not enough for the security to be listed in a recognized manual. The listing entry must contain (1) the names of issuers, officers, and directors, (2) an issuer's balance sheet, and (3) a profit and loss statement for either the fiscal year preceding the balance sheet or for the most recent fiscal year of operations. We may not be able to secure a listing containing all of this information. Furthermore, the manual exemption is a non issuer exemption restricted to secondary trading transactions, making it unavailable for issuers selling newly issued securities. Most of the accepted manuals are those published in Standard and Poor's, Moody's Investor Service, Fitch's Investment Service, and Best's Insurance Reports, and many states expressly recognize these manuals. A smaller number of states declare that they “recognize securities manuals” but do not specify the recognized manuals. The following states do not have any provisions and therefore do not expressly recognize the manual exemption: Alabama, Georgia, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana, Montana, South Dakota, Tennessee, Vermont and Wisconsin. We currently do not intend to and may not be able to qualify securities for resale in other states which require shares to be qualified before they can be resold by our shareholders. 14 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION Our common stock is currently not quoted on any market. No market may ever develop for our common stock, or if developed, may not be sustained in the future. Accordingly, our shares should be considered totally illiquid, which inhibits investors’ ability to resell their shares. Selling shareholders are offering up to 3,020,000 shares of common stock. The selling shareholders will offer their shares at $0.05 per share until our shares are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board and thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. We will not receive proceeds from the sale of shares from the selling shareholders. There is no guarantee that our stock will ever be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. The securities offered by this prospectus will be sold by the selling shareholders. Selling shareholders in this offering may be considered underwriters. We are not aware of any underwriting arrangements that have been entered into by the selling shareholders. The distribution of the securities by the selling shareholders may be effected in one or more transactions that may take place in the over-the-counter market, including broker's transactions or privately negotiated transactions. The selling shareholders may pledge all or a portion of the securities owned as collateral for margin accounts or in loan transactions, and the securities may be resold pursuant to the terms of such pledges, margin accounts or loan transactions. Upon default by such selling shareholders, the pledge in such loan transaction would have the same rights of sale as the selling shareholders under this prospectus. The selling shareholders may also enter into exchange traded listed option transactions, which require the delivery of the securities listed under this prospectus. After our securities are qualified for quotation on the over the counter bulletin board, the selling shareholders may also transfer securities owned in other ways not involving market makers or established trading markets, including directly by gift, distribution, or other transfer without consideration, and upon any such transfer the transferee would have the same rights of sale as such selling shareholders under this prospectus. In addition to the above, each of the selling shareholders will be affected by the applicable provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including, without limitation, Regulation M, which may limit the timing of purchases and sales of any of the securities by the selling shareholders or any such other person. We have instructed our selling shareholders that they may not purchase any of our securities while they are selling shares under this registration statement. Upon this registration statement being declared effective, the selling shareholders may offer and sell their shares from time to time until all of the shares registered are sold; however, this offering may not extend beyond two years from the initial effective date of this registration statement. There can be no assurances that the selling shareholders will sell any or all of the securities. In various states, the securities may not be sold unless these securities have been registered or qualified for sale in such state or an exemption from registration or qualification is available and is complied with. All of the foregoing may affect the marketability of our securities. Pursuant to oral promises we made to the selling shareholders, we will pay all the fees and expenses incident to the registration of the securities. Should any substantial change occur regarding the status or other matters concerning the selling shareholders or us, we will file a post-effective amendment to this registration statement disclosing such matters. 15 OTC Bulletin Board Considerations To be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, a market maker must file an application on our behalf in order to make a market for our common stock. We anticipate that after this registration statement is declared effective, market makers will enter “piggyback” quotes and our securities will thereafter trade on the OTC Bulletin Board. The OTC Bulletin Board is separate and distinct from the NASDAQ stock market. NASDAQ has no business relationship with issuers of securities quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. The SEC’s order handling rules, which apply to NASDAQ-listed securities, do not apply to securities quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. Although the NASDAQ stock market has rigorous listing standards to ensure the high quality of its issuers, and can delist issuers for not meeting those standards, the OTC Bulletin Board has no listing standards. Rather, it is the market maker who chooses to quote a security on the system, files the application, and is obligated to comply with keeping information about the issuer in its files. FINRA cannot deny an application by a market maker to quote the stock of a company. The only requirement for inclusion in the bulletin board is that the issuer be current in its reporting requirements with the SEC. Although we anticipate listing on the OTC Bulletin board will increase liquidity for our stock, investors may have greater difficulty in getting orders filled because it is anticipated that if our stock trades on a public market, it initially will trade on the OTC Bulletin Board rather than on NASDAQ. Investors’ orders may be filled at a price much different than expected when an order is placed. Trading activity in general is not conducted as efficiently and effectively as with NASDAQ-listed securities. Investors must contact a broker-dealer to trade OTC Bulletin Board securities. Investors do not have direct access to the bulletin board service. For bulletin board securities, there only has to be one market maker. Bulletin board transactions are conducted almost entirely manually. Because there are no automated systems for negotiating trades on the bulletin board, they are conducted via telephone. In times of heavy market volume, the limitations of this process may result in a significant increase in the time it takes to execute investor orders. Therefore, when investors place market orders - an order to buy or sell a specific number of shares at the current market price - it is possible for the price of a stock to go up or down significantly during the lapse of time between placing a market order and getting execution. Because bulletin board stocks are usually not followed by analysts, there may be lower trading volume than for NASDAQ-listed securities. There is no guarantee that our stock will ever be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. LEGAL PRO CEEDINGS We are not aware of any pending or threatened legal proceedings in which we are involved. 16 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS, AND CONTROL PERSONS The board of directors elects our executive officers annually. A majority vote of the directors who are in office is required to fill vacancies. Each director shall be elected for the term of one year, and until his successor is elected and qualified, or until his earlier resignation or removal. Our directors and executive officers are as follows: Name Age Position Dave Taylor 45 President and Director Jason Hitt 42 Secretary and Director Dave Taylor joined us as President and Director upon formation in February 2012. From November 2010 to January 2012, he was Regional Basketball Director of The National Basketball Academy. From June 2010 to November 2010, he was a self-employed consultant in the coaching business. From August 2006 to June 2010 he was a Teacher with the San Diego Unified School District where he also served as head boys basketball, volleyball and tennis coach. Jayson Hitt joined us as Secretary and Director upon formation in February 2011. From June 2011 to January 2012, he was Regional Basketball Director of The National Basketball Academy. From August 2006 to June 2011 he was a Teacher with the Linden Unified School District where he also served as head girls basketball and soccer and boys baseball coach. Family Relationships There are no family relationships between or among our officers and directors. Legal Proceedings No officer, director, or persons nominated for such positions, promoter or significant employee has been involved in the last ten years in any of the following: · Any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time, · Any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses), · Being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities, · Being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated. · Having any government agency, administrative agency, or administrative court impose an administrative finding, order, decree, or sanction against them as a result of their involvement in any type of business, securities, or banking activity. · Being the subject of a pending administrative proceeding related to their involvement in any type of business, securities, or banking activity. · Having any administrative proceeding been threatened against you related to their involvement in any type of business, securities, or banking activity. 17 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following tables set forth the ownership, as of the date of this prospectus, of our common stock by each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding common stock, our directors, and our executive officers and directors as a group. To the best of our knowledge, the persons named have sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares, except as otherwise noted. There are not any pending or anticipated arrangements that may cause a change in control. The information presented below regarding beneficial ownership of our voting securities has been presented in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not necessarily indicative of ownership for any other purpose. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a "beneficial owner" of a security if that person has or shares the power to vote or direct the voting of the security or the power to dispose or direct the disposition of the security. A person is deemed to own beneficially any security as to which such person has the right to acquire sole or shared voting or investment power within 60 days through the conversion or exercise of any convertible security, warrant, option or other right. More than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities. The percentage of beneficial ownership by any person as of a particular date is calculated by dividing the number of shares beneficially owned by such person, which includes the number of shares as to which such person has the right to acquire voting or investment power within 60 days, by the sum of the number of shares outstanding as of such date plus the number of shares as to which such person has the right to acquire voting or investment power within 60 days. Consequently, the denominator used for calculating such percentage may be different for each beneficial owner. Except as otherwise indicated below and under applicable community property laws, we believe that the beneficial owners of our common stock listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. The business address of the shareholders is 16124 Rosecrans Ave #3H, La Mirada CA 90638. Name Number of Shares of Common stock Percentage Dave Taylor 5,000,000 62.34 % All executive officers and directors as a group [2 persons] 5,000,000 62.34 % This table is based upon information derived from our stock records. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table and subject to community property laws where applicable, each of the shareholders named in this table has sole or shared voting and investment power with respect to the shares indicated as beneficially owned. Except as set forth above, applicable percentages are based upon 8,020,000 shares of common stock outstanding as of May 8, 2012. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES The following description as a summary of the material terms of the provisions of our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. The Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws have been filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. 18 Common Stock We are authorized to issue 90,000,000 shares of common stock with $.000001 par value per share. As of the date of this registration statement, there were 8,020,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding held by 36 shareholders of record. Each share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote, either in person or by proxy, at meetings of shareholders. The holders are not permitted to vote their shares cumulatively. Accordingly, the shareholders of our common stock who hold, in the aggregate, more than fifty percent of the total voting rights can elect all of our directors and, in such event, the holders of the remaining minority shares will not be able to elect any of such directors. The vote of the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock entitled to vote thereon is sufficient to authorize, affirm, ratify or consent to such act or action, except as otherwise provided by law. Holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends, if any, as may be declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available. We have not paid any dividends since our inception, and we presently anticipate that all earnings, if any, will be retained for development of our business. Any future disposition of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon, among other things, our future earnings, operating and financial condition, capital requirements, and other factors. Holders of our common stock have no preemptive rights or other subscription rights, conversion rights, redemption or sinking fund provisions. Upon our liquidation, dissolution or windup , the holders of our common stock will be entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available for distribution to shareholders after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities. There are not any provisions in our Articles of Incorporation or our Bylaws that would prevent or delay change in our control. Preferred Stock The Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock in series as fixed by the Directors with a par value of $0.000001 per share. As of the date of this registration statement, there are no preferred shares outstanding. Preferred stock may be issued in series with preferences and designations as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. The board may, without shareholders approval, issue preferred stock with voting, dividend, liquidation and conversion rights that could dilute the voting strength of our common shareholders and may assist management in impeding an unfriendly takeover or attempted changes in control. There are no restrictions on our ability to repurchase or reclaim our preferred shares while there is any arrearage in the payment of dividends on our preferred stock. 19 INTEREST OF NAMED EXPERTS The financial statements for the period from inception to March 31, 2012 included in this prospectus have been audited by Li and Company, PC, which are independent certified public accountants, to the extent and for the periods set forth in our report and are incorporated herein in reliance upon such report given upon the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting. The legality of the shares offered under this registration statement is being passed upon by Williams Law Group, P.A., Tampa, Florida. DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES LIABILITIES Our Bylaws, subject to the provisions of Delaware Law, contain provisions which allow the corporation to indemnify any person against liabilities and other expenses incurred as the result of defending or administering any pending or anticipated legal issue in connection with service to us if it is determined that person acted in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed was in the best interest of the corporation. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS Organization Taylor Consulting Inc., or the “Company,” is a Delaware corporation formed on February 29, 2012. Our principal executive office is located at 16124 Rosecrans Ave #3H, La Mirada CA 90638. Telephone: 619-301-8645. Business We are a development stage company. We are a basketball sports consulting company that provides consultation, feedback, coaching and program management to a youth and adult basketball teams, leagues, tournaments and programs. We will provide program development and management, including tournament organization and operation, as well as feedback and detailed analysis of events and programs for these various basketball related events and activities. We will also provide coaching for individual players within these organizations as well as basketball program coaches and administrators, providing additional opportunity for individual basketball player and overall basketball program advancement. 20 Since our inception we have engaged in the following significant operating activities, which have resulted in of revenues from inception to May 1, 2012: · Kentucky Basketball Evaluation Camp for invitation to a National Exposure Camp o Management ran a basketball evaluation event. Management performed basketball skills and drills and then put each player in specific games in order to better evaluate the players. Management evaluated each player with regards to their skills and when each game set was done, management reviewed their findings with players, coaches and parents. When this was completed, management then had them play another game and when the games concluded, management would invite a certain number of kids to the next level and allow them to showcase their skills at the next level. At every event we work, regardless of if it is an evaluation product, or a consultation.....management always markets for future events. · Northern California evaluation/consultation of High school/AAU Program for future exposure o This was more of a consulting service. Management came in, evaluated the entire programs ability, the programs current standing, the player abilities, etc. We mapped out the upcoming summer's activities, programmed future camps, and management evaluated the coaches with regards to their strengths and weaknesses. This was a session where management provided a blueprint for the entire program and the coaches specifically. Management also informed them management would check in every week or every 2 weeks for status updates and the ability to answer questions. · Washington DC consultation of high school program/AAU future possibilities o This was a consulting service. Management came in, evaluated the entire programs ability, the programs current standing, the player abilities, etc. We mapped out the upcoming summer's activities, programmed future camps, and management evaluated the coaches with regards to their strengths and weaknesses. This was a session where management provided a blueprint for the entire program and the coaches specifically. Management also informed them management would check in every week or every 2 weeks for status updates and the ability to answer questions. · Connecticut evaluation camp for future invitational exposure camp o Management ran a basketball evaluation event. Management performed basketball skills and drills and then put each player in specific games in order to better evaluate the players. Management evaluated each player with regards to their skills and when each game set was done, management reviewed my findings with players, coaches and parents. When this was completed, management then had them play another game and when the games concluded, management would invite a certain number of kids to the next level and allow them to showcase their skills at the next level. We focus on programs that we believe have a desire to do what is best for the individual player as well as the program as a whole. The better the program with regards to success on the court and the better the program with regards to the successes of the individual players to achieve success at the next level, the more likely it is that more kids will be enrolled which in turn can lead to more success for the program financially. Our goal is to enhance each program in these areas and provide every member of each program we are consulting with a better understanding of the processes involved with eventual achievement at the next level they are attempting to reach. Our advisory position will allow the individual and organization to better focus on a more realistic goal and narrow their own attempts at future successes. As an example, we will tell each player what level we feel they are best suited for, as well as explain the process involved in achieving a scholarship or walk on status at a university or college. With regards to the program, we will educate the coaches to become better on court managers as well as teach them the necessary skills to enhance the players experience. We will provide critiques as well as grade the program on a scale of 1-10. We will suggest items where we feel the program needs to improve which will ultimately allow for a better experience for the consumer. 21 Our pricing strategy will be based on market value, size of the program and amount of feedback desired. We will charge between $50 to $150 per participant depending upon the number of persons enrolled and the nature of the program, such as the size of the market and the amount of feedback required. We will have different levels of consultation. We can simply run an event with no feedback, or we can run a program with feedback, both program organizers and players. Feedback can be in the form of video, written or verbal. Marketing We plan a marketing campaign via direct messaging through social media such as Twitter, and Facebook. We plan to send out emails nationwide to a large database that we will accumulate over the years. We also plan on reaching out to middle schools, high schools and Universities, as well as youth organizations such as the Boys and Girls clubs, YMCA’s, YWCA’s, Parks and Recreations departments and other forms of youth organizations such as the Boy Scouts and Girl Scouts by meeting with these organizations in person once we have made contact thorough our marketing efforts. We believe strongly in face-to-face encounters and a personal touch. We also plan on exploring marketing options through social media sites such as Twitter and Facebook. Competition Competition in the basketball sports coaching industry is intense. We will face direct competition by other sports consultants and coaching organizations, both large and small. The basketball sports coaching industry is fragmented. We will initially be a small competitor in the market. Our principal larger competitors will be more established national AAU organizations and shoe companies such as Nike and Adidas. We intend to compete with these larger competitors by providing a more “hands on” approach that specializes in a program’s specific needs and targeting more regional/local markets. There are about numerous other small to mid-size sports consulting businesses which we will also compete by offering a program with management with larger scale program experience. Our management’s experience in the industry. Management has been involved in the large national events such as for over a decade working during school holidays and on weekends while he was teaching. Management knows what events are the best to attend to bring publicity and attention to specific players, coaches and programs. Most small market consultations do not have this national experience that our management has. On the other end of the spectrum, the larger more national companies have no focus on and experience with what goes on at a more local level. However, many of our existing and potential competitors have substantially greater research and product development capabilities and financial, marketing and human resources than we do. As a result, these competitors may: · succeed in developing services that are equal to or superior to our services or potential services or that achieve greater market acceptance than our services or potential services; · devote greater resources to developing, marketing or selling their services; · respond more quickly to new or emerging trends which could render our services or potential services obsolete or less preferable; · withstand price competition more successfully than we can; · establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties that enhance their ability to address the needs of our customers or prospective customers; and 22 Regulatory and Environmental Matters For NCAA certified events, we need to follow NCAA guidelines which govern matters such as: · Certification of administration and coaches · Contacts between players and coaches/universities · Prohibition on illegal financial or material benefits from universities We are not subject to Environmental Regulations. Research and Development We have not incurred research and development expenses in the last two fiscal years. Our Intellectual Property We have no intellectual property. Our Employees Our only employees are our management. We have no collective bargaining agreement with our employees. We consider our relationship with our employees to be excellent. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes, and other financial information included in this Form S-1. Our Management’s Discussion and Analysis contains not only statements that are historical facts, but also statements that are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are, by their very nature, uncertain and risky. These risks and uncertainties include international, national, and local general economic and market conditions; our ability to sustain, manage, or forecast growth; our ability to successfully make and integrate acquisitions; new product development and introduction; existing government regulations and changes in, or the failure to comply with, government regulations; adverse publicity; competition; the loss of significant customers or suppliers; fluctuations and difficulty in forecasting operating results; change in business strategy or development plans; business disruptions; the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; the ability to protect technology; the risk of foreign currency exchange rate; and other risks that might be detailed from time to time in our filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Although the forward-looking statements in this Registration Statement reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by them. Consequently, and because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, the actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking statements. You are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report and in our other reports as we attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and prospects. Overview Taylor Consulting Inc., or the “Company,” is a Delaware corporation formed on February 29, 2012. Our principal executive office is located at 16124 Rosecrans Ave #3H, La Mirada CA 90638. Telephone: 619-301-8645. 23 Business We are a development stage company. We are a basketball sports consulting company that provides consultation, feedback, coaching and program management to a youth and adult basketball teams, leagues, tournaments and programs. We will provide program development and management, including tournament organization and operation, as well as feedback and detailed analysis of events and programs for these various basketball related events and activities. We will also provide coaching for individual players within these organizations as well as basketball program coaches and administrators, providing additional opportunity for individual basketball player and overall basketball program advancement. Since our inception we have engaged in significant operating activities as described in “Business,” above, which have resulted in $25,342 of revenues from inception to May 1, 2012: Future Plans During the next 12 months, we anticipate engaging in the following operational activities, although we may vary our plans depending upon operational conditions: Event Actions Time Total estimated cost National Camp Consultation Contact and meet with National Camp Organizers and Owners to propose offering our services June, 2012 $ 5,000 Summer AAU organizational Affiliation on both National and local scale Research the top national travel AAU teams and contact them via social media outlets and then schedule meetings and sit-downs to make a proposal. June, 2012 $ 5,000 Winter National High School Tournaments Travel, contact and meet with organizers of the best High School Basketball tournaments in the United States. September, 2012 $ 3,500 Contact top players around the United States and Europe to advise for future college possibilities. Research the top players in the country and contact them via social media. October, 2012 $ 1,000 Except for illness of management or cancellation of events by sponsors, which we do not anticipate, we do not foresee any significant obstacles to implementing this plan. Revenue Recognition Revenue is recognized when the consulting services have been rendered to the customer and the collectability is reasonably assured. Off Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not have any off balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenue or expenses, results of operations, liquidity or capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to an investor in our securities. 24 Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards In May 2011, the FASB issued the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-04 “Fair Value Measurement” (“ASU 2011-04”). This amendment and guidance are the result of the work by the FASB and the IASB to develop common requirements for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value measurements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs). This update does not modify the requirements for when fair value measurements apply; rather, they generally represent clarifications on how to measure and disclose fair value under ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, including the following revisions:  An entity that holds a group of financial assets and financial liabilities whose market risk (that is, interest rate risk, currency risk, or other price risk) and credit risk are managed on the basis of the entity’s net risk exposure may apply an exception to the fair value requirements in ASC 820 if certain criteria are met. The exception allows such financial instruments to be measured on the basis of the reporting entity’s net, rather than gross, exposure to those risks.  In the absence of a Level 1 input, a reporting entity should apply premiums or discounts when market participants would do so when pricing the asset or liability consistent with the unit of account.  Additional disclosures about fair value measurements. The amendments in this Update are to be applied prospectively and are effective for a public entity during interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2011. In June 2011, the FASB issued the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-05 “Comprehensive Income” (“ASU 2011-05”), which was the result of a joint project with the IASB and amends the guidance in ASC 220, Comprehensive Income, by eliminating the option to present components of other comprehensive income (OCI) in the statement of stockholders’ equity. Instead, the new guidance now gives entities the option to present all non-owner changes in stockholders’ equity either as a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or as two separate but consecutive statements. Regardless of whether an entity chooses to present comprehensive income in a single continuous statement or in two separate but consecutive statements, the amendments require entities to present all reclassification adjustments from OCI to net income on the face of the statement of comprehensive income. The amendments in this Update should be applied retrospectively and are effective for a public entity for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2011. We do not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. Results of Operations For the period from February 29, 2012 (date of inception) to March 31, 2012, we had $14,080 in revenues. Operating expenses for the period totaled $525, resulting in a net income of $13,555. Expenses for the period consisted of $525 in professional fees. Income tax provision of $4,609 has been made for the period from February 29, 2012 (date of inception) to March 31, 2012. Liquidity and Capital Resources We are considered a development stage company in accordance with the guidance contained in the Codification Topic No. 915, “Development Stage Entities.” We are still devoting substantially all of our efforts toward establishing our business, and our planned principal operations have commenced in a limited capacity. We have commenced limited operations and will require additional capital to operate our business and to implement our business plan. 25 We have generated no independent financial history and have not previously demonstrated that we will be able to expand our business. Our business is subject to risks inherent in growing an enterprise, including limited capital resources and possible rejection of our business model and/or sales methods. As of May 1, 2012, we have approximately $15,000 cash in the bank. As shown in the table above, we need a minimum of approximately $15,000 in funds to finance our business in the next 12 months. This amount does not include all our costs which we will incur irrespective of our business development activities, including bank service fees and those costs associated with SEC requirements associated with going and staying public, estimated to be approximately $50,000 in connection with this registration statement and thereafter $40,000 annually. Accordingly, we estimate our total need for funds for operations in the next 12 months is $65,000. We anticipate an average monthly burn rate of no more than $5,500 during the next 12 months. On April 1, 2012, we entered into a Funding Agreement with Dave Taylor, our president and Director to provide operational and going and staying public funding for us in such amounts as are required to meet these needs until we generate sufficient cash flow to fund these operations. In order to become profitable we may still need to secure additional debt or equity funding. We hope to be able to raise additional funds from an offering of our stock in the future. However, this offering may not occur, or if it occurs, may not raise the required funding. We do not have any plans or specific agreements for new sources of funding or any planned material acquisitions. Our auditor has indicated in its report that the fact that we are in the development stage raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty and if we are unable to generate significant revenue or secure financing we may be required to cease or curtail our operations. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY Office space is currently provided by our president Dave Taylor in his residence at no charge. The property is adequate for our current needs. We do not intend to renovate, improve, or develop properties. We are not subject to competitive conditions for property and currently have no property to insure. We have no policy with respect to investments in real estate or interests in real estate and no policy with respect to investments in real estate mortgages. Further, we have no policy with respect to investments in securities of or interests in persons primarily engaged in real estate activities. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS We have been provided office space by Dave Taylor, our Chief Executive Officer, at no cost. Management determined that such cost is nominal and did not recognize the rent expense in its financial statement. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Market Information There is no established public trading market for our securities and a regular trading market may not develop, or if developed, may not be sustained. A shareholder in all likelihood, therefore, will not be able to resell his or her securities should he or she desire to do so when eligible for public resales. Furthermore, it is unlikely that a lending institution will accept our securities as pledged collateral for loans unless a regular trading market develops. 26 Penny Stock Considerations Our shares will be "penny stocks," as that term is generally defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to mean equity securities with a price of less than $5.00. Thus, our shares will be subject to rules that impose sales practice and disclosure requirements on broker-dealers who engage in certain transactions involving a penny stock. Under the penny stock regulations, a broker-dealer selling a penny stock to anyone other than an established customer must make a special suitability determination regarding the purchaser and must receive the purchaser's written consent to the transaction prior to the sale, unless the broker-dealer is otherwise exempt. In addition, under the penny stock regulations, the broker-dealer is required to: · Deliver, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the penny stock market, unless the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt; · Disclose commissions payable to the broker-dealer and our registered representatives and current bid and offer quotations for the securities; · Send monthly statements disclosing recent price information pertaining to the penny stock held in a customer's account, the account's value, and information regarding the limited market in penny stocks; and · Make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written agreement to the transaction, prior to conducting any penny stock transaction in the customer's account. Because of these regulations, broker-dealers may encounter difficulties in their attempt to sell shares of our Common Stock, which may affect the ability of selling shareholders or other holders to sell their shares in the secondary market, and have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market. These additional sales practice and disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our securities, if our securities become publicly traded. In addition, the liquidity for our securities may be decreased, with a corresponding decrease in the price of our securities. Our shares in all probability will be subject to such penny stock rules and our shareholders will, in all likelihood, find it difficult to sell their securities. OTC Bulletin Board Qualification for Quotation To have our shares of Common Stock on the OTC Bulletin Board, a market maker must file an application on our behalf in order to make a market for our Common Stock. We have engaged in preliminary discussions with a FINRA Market Maker to file our application on Form 211 with FINRA, but as of the date of this Prospectus, no filing has been made. Based upon our counsel's prior experience, we anticipate that after this registration statement is declared effective, it will take approximately 2 - 8 weeks for FINRA to issue a trading symbol and allow sales of our Common Stock under Rule 144. There is no guarantee that our stock will ever be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. Sales of our Common Stock under Rule 144 There are 3,020,000 shares of our common stock held by non-affiliates and 5,000,000 shares held by affiliates that Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933 defines as restricted securities. 3,020,000 of our shares held by non-affiliates and none of the shares held by management and their affiliates are being registered in this offering, however all of the remaining shares will still be subject to the resale restrictions of Rule 144. In general, persons holding restricted securities, including affiliates, must hold their shares for a period of at least six months, may not sell more than one percent of the total issued and outstanding shares in any 90-day period, and must resell the shares in an unsolicited brokerage transaction at the market price. The availability for sale of substantial amounts of common stock under Rule 144 could reduce prevailing market prices for our securities. 27 Holders As of the date of this registration statement, we had 36 reholders of record of our common stock. Dividends We have not declared any cash dividends on our common stock since our inception and do not anticipate paying such dividends in the foreseeable future. We plan to retain any future earnings for use in our business. Any decisions as to future payments of dividends will depend on our earnings and financial position and such other facts, as the Board of Directors deems relevant. Reports to Shareholders As a result of this offering and assuming the registration statement is declared effective until before March 31, 2013, as required under Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we will file periodic reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission through March 31, 2013, including a Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2013, assuming this registration statement is declared effective before that date. At or prior to March 31, 2013, we intend voluntarily to file a registration statement on Form 8-A which will subject us to all of the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. This will require us to file quarterly and annual reports with the SEC and will also subject us to the proxy rules of the SEC. In addition, our officers, directors and 10% stockholders will be required to submit reports to the SEC on their stock ownership and stock trading activity. We are not required under Section 12(g) or otherwise to become a mandatory 1934 Act filer unless we have more than 500 shareholders and total assets of more than $10 million on March 31, 2013. If we do not file a registration statement on Form 8-A at or prior to March 31, 2013, we will continue as a voluntary reporting company and will not be subject to the proxy statement or other information requirements of the 1934 Act, our securities can no longer be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, and our officers, directors and 10% stockholders will not be required to submit reports to the SEC on their stock ownership and stock trading activity. Where You Can Find Additional Information We have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement on Form S-1. For further information about us and the shares of common stock to be sold in the offering, please refer to the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules thereto. The registration statement and exhibits may be inspected, without charge, and copies may be obtained at prescribed rates, at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F St., N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The registration statement and other information filed with the SEC are also available at the web site maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION We have not paid any compensation to our two executive officers and we have no agreements or understandings, written or oral, to pay them compensation. We will reimburse them for all their business related expenses. In the future, if we generate cash flow in excess of that required to meet all our obligations, we may pay our executive officers salaries as will be determined by the Board of Directors at that time. Board of Directors Director Compensation Name Fees earned or paid in cash ($) Stock awards ($) Option awards ($) Non-equity incentive plan compensation ($) Nonqualified deferred compensation earnings ($) All other compensation ($) Total ($) Jason Hitt 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Dave Taylor 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 We have no compensation arrangements (such as fees for retainer, committee service, service as founder and secretary of the board or a committee, and meeting attendance) with directors. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. 28 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Taylor Consulting, Inc. (A Development Stage Company) March 31, 2012 Index to the Financial Statements Contents Page(s) Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Balance Sheet at March 31, 2012 F-3 Statement of Operations for the Period from February 29, 2012 (Inception) through March 31, 2012 F-4 Statement of Stockholder’s Equity for the Period from February 29, 2012 (Inception) through March 31, 2012 F-5 Statement of Cash Flows for the Period from February 29, 2012 (Inception) through March 31, 2012 F-6 Notes to the Financial Statements F-7 F-1 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholder of Taylor Consulting, Inc. (A development stage company) La Mirada, California We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Taylor Consulting, Inc. (a development stage company) (the “Company”), as of March 31, 2012 and the related statements of operations, stockholder’s equity and cash flows for the period from February 29, 2012 (inception) through March 31, 2012. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purposes of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining on a test basis, evidence supporting the amount and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2012, and the related statements of operations, stockholder’s equity and cash flows for the period from February 29, 2012 (inception) through March 31, 2012 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company is in the development stage. This factor raises substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regards to this matter are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. /s/Li & Company, PC Li & Company, PC Skillman, New Jersey May 7, 2012 F-2 TAYLOR CONSULTING, INC. ( A Development Stage Company) Balance Sheet March 31, 2012 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash $ 14,185 Total Current Assets 14,185 Total Assets $ 14,185 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES: Income tax payable 3,232 Accrued expenses 525 Total Current Liabilities 3,757 STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY: Preferred stock: $0.000001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized,; none issued or outstanding Common stock: $0.000001 par value; 90,000,000 shares authorized; 5,000,000 shares issued and outstanding 5 Additional paid-in capital 100 Retained earnings accumulated during the development stage 10,323 Total Stockholder's Equity 10,428 Total Liabilities and Stockholder's Equity $ 14,185 See accompanying notes to the financial statements. F-3 TAYLOR CONSULTING, INC. ( A Development Stage Company) Statement of Operations For the Period from February 29, 2012 (inception) through March 31, 2012 Revenue $ 14,080 OPERATING EXPENSES: Professional fees 525 Total operating expenses 525 Income before income taxes 13,555 INCOME TAXES PROVISION Federal 2,033 State 1,198 Total income tax provision 3,232 NET INCOME $ 10,323 NET INCOME PER COMMON SHARE - BASIC AND DILUTED: $ 0.00 Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 5,000,000 See accompanying notes to the financial statements. F-4 TAYLOR CONSULTING, INC. ( A Development Stage Company) Statement of Stockholder's Equity For the Period from February 29, 2012 (Inception) through March 31, 2012 Retained Earnings Common Stock, $0.000001 Par Value Additional Accumulated Total Number of Paid-in during the Stockholders' Shares Amount Capital Development Stage Equity February 29, 2012 (Inception) - $ - $ - $ - $ - Capital contribution 100 100 Common stock issued for cash at $0.000001 per share on March 13, 2012 5,000,000 5 5 Net income 10,323 10,323 Balance, March 31, 2012 5,000,000 $ 5 $ 100 $ 10,323 $ 10,428 See accompanying notes to the financial statements. F-5 TAYLOR CONSULTING, INC. ( A Development Stage Company) Statement of Cash Flows For the Period from February 29, 2012 (inception) through March 31, 2012 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income $ 10,323 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Income tax payable 3,232 Accrued expenses 525 NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 14,080 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Capital contribution 100 Proceeds from sale of common stock 5 NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 105 NET CHANGE IN CASH 14,185 Cash at beginning of period - Cash at end of period $ 14,185 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOWS INFORMATION: Interest paid $ - Income taxes paid $ - See accompanying notes to the financial statements. F-6 Taylor Consulting, Inc. (A Development Stage Company) March 31, 2012 Notes to the Financial Statements Note 1 - Organization and Operations Taylor Consulting, Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated on February 29, 2012 under the laws of the State of Delaware. Initial operations have included organization and incorporation, target market identification, new service development, marketing plans, and capital formation. A substantial portion of the Company’s activities has involved developing a business plan and establishing contacts and visibility in the marketplace. The Company has generated minimal revenues since inception. The Company is engaged in consulting to improve performance enhancement and maximization of basketball related activities. Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation The Company’s financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”). Development Stage Company The Company is a development stage company as defined by section 915-10-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Although the Company recognized nominal amount of revenues, it is still devoting substantially all of its efforts on establishing the business and its planned principal operations have not fully commenced. Use of Estimates and Assumptions The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company’s significant estimates and assumptions include the fair value of financial instruments; revenue recognized or recognizable; sales returns and allowances; income tax rate, income tax provision; and the assumption that the Company will be a going concern. Those significant accounting estimates or assumptions bear the risk of change due to the fact that there are uncertainties attached to those estimates or assumptions, and certain estimates or assumptions are difficult to measure or value. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Management regularly evaluates the key factors and assumptions used to develop the estimates utilizing currently available information, changes in facts and circumstances, historical experience and reasonable assumptions. After such evaluations, if deemed appropriate, those estimates are adjusted accordingly. Actual results could differ from those estimates. F-7 Fair Value of Financial Instruments The Company follows paragraph 825-10-50-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (“Paragraph 820-10-35-37”) to measure the fair value of its financial instruments. Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. To increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements and related disclosures, Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three (3) broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The three (3) levels of fair value hierarchy defined by Paragraph 820-10-35-37 are described below: Level 1 Quoted market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Level 2 Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. Level 3 Pricing inputs that are generally observable inputs and not corroborated by market data. Financial assets are considered Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. If the inputs used to measure the financial assets and liabilities fall within more than one level described above, the categorization is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the instrument. The carrying amounts of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities, such as cash, income tax payable and accrued expenses, approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. Transactions involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm's-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive, free-market dealings may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the related party transactions were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's-length transactions unless such representations can be substantiated. It is not, however, practical to determine the fair value of advances from stockholder due to their related party nature. Fiscal Year-End The Company elected March 31 st as its fiscal year-end date. Cash Equivalents The Company considers all highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. F-8 Related Parties The Company follows subtopic 850-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. Pursuant to Section 850-10-20 the related parties include: a. affiliates of the Company; b. entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required, absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825–10–15, to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; c. trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; d. principal owners of the Company; e. management of the Company; f. other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and g. other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. The financial statements shall include disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, expense allowances, and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated in the preparation of consolidated or combined financial statements is not required in those statements. The disclosures shall include: a. the nature of the relationship(s) involved; ; b. adescription of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed, for each of the periods for which income statements are presented, and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; c. the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period; and d. amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement. Commitment and Contingencies The Company follows subtopic 450-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report accounting for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist as of the date the consolidated financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein. If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company’s financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potential material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, and an estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and material, would be disclosed. Loss contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed. Management does not believe, based upon information available at this time, that these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, there is no assurance that such matters will not materially and adversely affect the Company’s business, financial position, and results of operations or cash flows. F-9 Revenue Recognition The Company follows paragraph 605-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for revenue recognition. The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned. The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer, (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. Income Tax Provision The Company follows Section 740-10-30 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, which requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent management concludes it is more likely than not that the assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the Statements of Operations in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company adopted section 740-10-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (“Section 740-10-25”). Section 740-10-25.addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under Section 740-10-25, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent (50%) likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Section 740-10-25 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures. Uncertain Tax Positions The Company did not take any uncertain tax positions and had no adjustments to the unrecognized tax liabilities or benefits pursuant to the provisions of Section 740-10-25 for the period from February 29, 2012 (inception) through March 31, 2012. Net Income ( Loss) per Common Share Net income (loss) per common share is computed pursuant to section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Basic net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock and potentially dilutive outstanding shares of common stock during the period to reflect the potential dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through contingent share arrangements, stock options and warrants. There were no potentially dilutive common shares outstanding for the period from February 29, 2012 (inception) through March 31, 2012. F-10 Cash Flows Reporting The Company adopted paragraph 230-10-45-24 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for cash flows reporting, classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether they stem from operating, investing, or financing activities and provides definitions of each category, and uses the indirect or reconciliation method (“Indirect method”) as defined by paragraph 230-10-45-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting net income to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating activities by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating cash receipts and payments and (b) all items that are included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments. The Company reports the reporting currency equivalent of foreign currency cash flows, using the current exchange rate at the time of the cash flows and the effect of exchange rate changes on cash held in foreign currencies is reported as a separate item in the reconciliation of beginning and ending balances of cash and cash equivalents and separately provides information about investing and financing activities not resulting in cash receipts or payments in the period pursuant to paragraph 830-230-45-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Subsequent Events The Company follows the guidance in Section 855-10-50 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the disclosure of subsequent events. The Company will evaluate subsequent events through the date when the financial statements were issued. Pursuant to ASU 2010-09 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, the Company as an SEC filer considers its financial statements issued when they are widely distributed to users, such as through filing them on EDGAR. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-05 In June 2011, the FASB issued the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-05 “ Comprehensive Income” (“ASU 2011-05”), which was the result of a joint project with the IASB and amends the guidance in ASC 220, Comprehensive Income, by eliminating the option to present components of other comprehensive income (OCI) in the statement of stockholders’ equity. Instead, the new guidance now gives entities the option to present all non-owner changes in stockholders’ equity either as a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or as two separate but consecutive statements. Regardless of whether an entity chooses to present comprehensive income in a single continuous statement or in two separate but consecutive statements, the amendments require entities to present all reclassification adjustments from OCI to net income on the face of the statement of comprehensive income. The amendments in this Update should be applied retrospectively and are effective for public entity for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2011. FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-08 In September 2011, the FASB issued the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-08 “ Intangibles—Goodwill and Other: Testing Goodwill for Impairment” (“ASU 2011-08”). This Update is to simplify how public and nonpublic entities test goodwill for impairment. The amendments permit an entity to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test described in Topic 350. Under the amendments in this Update, an entity is not required to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit unless the entity determines that it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount. The guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2011. Early adoption is permitted. F-11 FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-10 In December 2011, the FASB issued the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-10 “Property, Plant and Equipment: Derecognition of in Substance Real Estate-a Scope Clarification” (“ASU 2011-09”). This Update is to resolve the diversity in practice as to how financial statements have been reflecting circumstances when parent company reporting entities cease to have controlling financial interests in subsidiaries that are in substance real estate, where the situation arises as a result of default on nonrecourse debt of the subsidiaries. The amended guidance is effective for annual reporting periods ending after June 15, 2012 for public entities. Early adoption is permitted. FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-11 In December 2011, the FASB issued the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-11 “Balance Sheet: Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities” (“ASU 2011-11”). This Update requires an entity to disclose information about offsetting and related arrangements to enable users of its financial statements to understand the effect of those arrangements on its financial position. The objective of this disclosure is to facilitate comparison between those entities that prepare their financial statements on the basis of U.S. GAAP and those entities that prepare their financial statements on the basis of IFRS. The amended guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2013, and interim periods within those annual periods. FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-12 In December 2011, the FASB issued the FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-12 “Comprehensive Income: Deferral of the Effective Date for Amendments to the Presentation of Reclassifications of Items Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income in Accounting Standards Update No. 2011-05” (“ASU 2011-12”). This Update is a deferral of the effective date pertaining to reclassification adjustments out of accumulated other comprehensive income in ASU 2011-05. FASB is to going to reassess the costs and benefits of those provisions in ASU 2011-05 related to reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income. Due to the time required to properly make such a reassessment and to evaluate alternative presentation formats, the FASB decided that it is necessary to reinstate the requirements for the presentation of reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income that were in place before the issuance of Update 2011-05. All other requirements in Update 2011-05 are not affected by this Update, including the requirement to report comprehensive income either in a single continuous financial statement or in two separate but consecutive financial statements. Public entities should apply these requirements for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2011. Other Recently Issued, but not Yet Effective Accounting Pronouncements Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying consolidated financial statements. F-12 Note 3 – Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company is in the development stage. This factor raises substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. While the Company is attempting to commence operations and generate sufficient revenues, the Company’s cash position may not be sufficient enough to support the Company’s daily operations. Management intends to raise additional funds by way of a private or public offering. Management believes that the actions presently being taken to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenues provide the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern. While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to generate sufficient revenues and in its ability to raise additional funds, there can be no assurances to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company’s ability to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenues. The financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Note 4 – Stockholder’s Equity Shares Authorized Upon formation the total number of shares of all classes of stock which the Company is authorized to issue is One Hundred Million (100,000,000) shares of which Five Million (10,000,000) shares shall be Preferred Stock, par value $0.000001 per share, and Ninety Five Million (90,000,000) shares shall be Common Stock, par value $0.000001 per share. Common Stock On March 13, 2012, the Company sold 5,000,000 shares of its common stock to its founder at $0.000001 per share or $5 in aggregate. Capital Contribution In March 2012, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer contributed $100 for general working capital to the Company. Note 5 – Related Party Transactions Free Office Space The Company has been provided office space by its Chief Executive Officer at no cost. The management determined that such cost is nominal and did not recognize the rent expense in its financial statement. F-13 Note 6 – Income Taxes Income Taxes in the Statements of Operations A reconciliation of the federal statutory income tax rate and the effective income tax rate as a percentage of income before income taxes is as follows: For the Period from February 29, 2012 (Inception) through March 31, 2012 Federal statutory income tax rate 15.0 % Effective income tax rate 15.0 % Note 7 – Subsequent Events The Company has evaluated all events that occur after the balance sheet date through the date when the financial statements were issued to determine if they must be reported. The Management of the Company determined that there was a reportable subsequent event to be disclosed. During April 2012, the Company sold 3,020,000 shares of its common stock to thirty-five (35) investors at a price of $.02 per share for aggregate consideration of $60,400. F-14 PROSPECTUS – SUBJECT TO COMPLETION DATED May 8, 2012 TAYLOR CONSULTING INC. Selling shareholders are offering up to 3,020,000 shares of common stock. The selling shareholders will offer their shares at $0.05 per share until our shares are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board or Pick Sheet Exchange and thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. Our common stock is not now listed on any national securities exchange, the NASDAQ stock market or the OTC Bulletin Board. Dealer Prospectus Delivery Obligation Until _________ (90 days from the date of this prospectus) all dealers that effect transactions in these securities, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers' obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions. 29 PART II-INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS INDEMNIFICATION OF OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS Our Articles of Incorporation provide that no director or officer of the Company shall be personally liable to the Company or its stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duty by such person as a director or officer, except for the payment of dividends in violation of Delaware law. Our Bylaws provide, in pertinent part, that the Company shall indemnify any person made a party to or involved in any civil, criminal or administrative action, suit or proceeding by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Company, or of any corporation which such person served as such at the request of the Company, against expenses reasonably incurred by, or imposed on, such person in connection with, or resulting from, the exercise of such action, suit, proceeding or appeal thereon, except with respect to matters as to which it is adjudged in such action, suit or proceeding that such person was liable to the Company, or such other corporation, for negligence or misconduct in the performance of such persons duties as a director or officer of the Company. The determination of the rights of such indemnification and the amount thereof may be made, at the option of the person to be indemnified, by (1) order of the Court or administrative body or agency having jurisdiction over the matter for which indemnification is being sought; (2) resolution adopted by a majority of a quorum of our disinterested directors; (3) if there is no such quorum, resolution adopted by a majority of the committee of stockholders and disinterested directors of the Company; (4) resolution adopted by a majority of the quorum of directors entitled to vote at any meeting; or (5) Order of any Court having jurisdiction over the Company. Such right of indemnification is not exclusive of any other right which such director or officer may have, and without limiting the generality of such statement, they are entitled to their respective rights of indemnification under any bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders, provision of law, or otherwise in addition to their rights under our Bylaws. With regard to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the Corporation in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by a controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question of whether such indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and will be governed by the final adjudication of such case. OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION The following table is an itemization of all expenses, without consideration to future contingencies, incurred or expected to be incurred by us in connection with the issuance and distribution of the securities being offered by this prospectus. Items marked with an asterisk (*) represent estimated expenses. We have agreed to pay all the costs and expenses of this offering. Selling security holders will pay no offering expenses. ITEM AMOUNT SEC Registration Fee* $ 4 Legal Fees and Expenses 30,000 Accounting Fees and Expenses* 20,000 Miscellaneous 10,000 Total* $ 60,004 ____________ * Estimated Figure 30 RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES Upon formation on February 29, 2012, we issued to our president and director 5,000,000 shares of common stock upon formation for consideration of $5.00, or $.000001 per share, which is the par value. In April 2012, we sold 3,020,000 shares of common stock to 35 non-U.S. investors at a price of $.02 per share for aggregate consideration of approximately $60,400 . The offer and sale of these securities to management was in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. We believed that Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 was available because:  None of these issuances involved underwriters, underwriting discounts or commissions.  Restrictive legends were and will be placed on all certificates issued as described above.  The distribution did not involve general solicitation or advertising.  The distributions were made only to investors who were sophisticated enough to evaluate the risks of the investment. We relied upon Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended for the above issuances to non US citizens or residents. We believed that Regulation S was available because:  None of these issuances involved underwriters, underwriting discounts or commissions;  We placed Regulation S required restrictive legends on all certificates issued;  No offers or sales of stock under the Regulation S offering were made to persons in the United States;  No direct selling efforts of the Regulation S offering were made in the United States. In connection with the above transactions, although some of the investors may have also been accredited, we provided the following to all investors:  Access to all our books and records.  Access to all material contracts and documents relating to our operations.  The opportunity to obtain any additional information, to the extent we possessed such information, necessary to verify the accuracy of the information to which the investors were given access. Prospective investors were invited to review at our offices at any reasonable hour, after reasonable advance notice, any materials available to us concerning our business. Prospective Investors were also invited to visit our offices. 31 EXHIBITS Item 3 1 Articles of Incorporation – Taylor Consulting Inc. 2 Bylaws - Taylor Consulting Inc. Item 4 1 Form of common stock Certificate of the Taylor Consulting Inc. (1) Item 5 1 Legal Opinion of Williams Law Group, P.A. Item 10 1 Funding Agreement with Dave Taylor. Item 23 1 Li & Company, PC 2 Consent of Williams Law Group, P.A. (included in Exhibit 5.1) All other Exhibits called for by Rule 601 of Regulation SK are not applicable to this filing. ____________ (1) Information pertaining to our common stock is contained in our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. 32 UNDERTAKINGS The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: 1. To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: i. To include any prospectus required by section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; ii. To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant toRule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the "Calculation of Registration Fee" table in the effective registration statement. iii. To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; 2. That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. 3. To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. 4. That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser: Each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the corporation in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by a controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question of whether such indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and will be governed by the final adjudication of such case. 33 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act, the Registrant has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on our behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in Oak Brook IL on May 8, 2012. Taylor Consulting Inc. May 8, 2012 By: /s/ Dave Taylor Dave Taylor Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the date indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Dave Taylor Principal Executive Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and May 8, 2012 Dave Taylor Principal Financial Officer and Director /s/ Jason Hitt Director May 8, 2012 Jason Hitt 34
