UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AT PLAY VACATIONS, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada 7389 46-3389613 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 2149 Rio De Janeiro Avenue Punta Gorda, FL 33983 Phone: (941) 916-1440 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, Including area code, of registrant's principal executive offices) Parsons/Burnett/Bjordahl/Hume, LLP 1850 Skyline Tower, 10900 NE 4 th Street Bellevue, WA 98004 Phone: (425) 451-8036 Fax: (425) 451-8568 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, Including area code, of agent for service) As soon as practicable after the effective date of this Registration Statement. (Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public) If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933 check the following box: [X] If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. [ ] If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act Registration Statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. [ ] If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. [ ] Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer [ ] Accelerated filer [ ] Non-accelerated filer [ ] (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Smaller Reporting Company [X] CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of each Class of Securities to be Registered Amount to be Registered Proposed Maximum Offering Price Per Unit Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price Amount of Registration Fee (2) (3) (1) Common Stock $0.001 par value to be sold by selling shareholders 7,000,000 $ 0.02 $ 140,000 $ 18.03 (1) Registration Fee has been paid via Fedwire. (2) This is the initial offering and no current trading market exists for our common stock. The price paid for the currently issued and outstanding common stock was $0.001 per share for 10,000,000 shares to officers and directors and $0.01 for 7,000,000 shares to unaffiliated investors. (3) Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(a) of the Securities Act. The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. The information in this Prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We will not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the SEC is effective. This Prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state or jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. PROSPECTUS AT PLAY VACATIONS, INC. 7,000,000 Shares of Common Stock $0.02 per share Date of Prospectus: Subject to Completion Prior to this Offering, no public market has existed for the common stock of At Play Vacations, Inc. Upon completion of this Offering, we will attempt to have the shares quoted on the Over the Counter-Bulletin Board ("OTCBB"), operated by FINRA (Financial Industry Regulatory Authority). There is no assurance that the Shares will ever be quoted on the OTCBB. To be quoted on the OTCBB, a market maker must apply to make a market in our common stock. As of the date of this Prospectus, we have not made any arrangement with any market makers to quote our shares. This is our initial public offering. We are registering a total of 7,000,000 shares of our common stock for sale by selling shareholders. No shares are being registered for sale by the Company. There is no guarantee that a public market will ever develop and you may be unable to sell your shares. The selling shareholders will sell their shares at a price per share of $0.02 for the duration of this Offering, or until our shares are quoted on the OTCBB, and thereafter at prevailing market prices or in privately negotiated transactions. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the 7,000,000 shares sold by the selling shareholders. Selling shareholders will receive proceeds of $0.02 per share sold. If all shares being offered by the selling shareholders are sold, selling shareholders will receive net proceeds of $140,000. The Company will not receive funds from the sale of shares being offered by selling shareholders. This secondary offering will terminate upon the earliest of (i) such time as all of the common stock has been sold pursuant to the registration statement or (ii) 365 days from the effective date of this Prospectus . At Play Vacations, Inc. is a development stage company and currently has limited business operations. Any investment in the Shares offered herein involves a high degree of risk. You should only purchase Shares if you can afford a complete loss of your investment. Our independent auditors have issued an audit opinion for At Play Vacations, Inc., which includes a statement expressing substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. We are an "emerging growth company" as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the "JOBS Act") and, as such, may elect to comply with certain reduced public company reporting requirements for future filings. THIS INVESTMENT INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. BEFORE INVESTING, YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY READ THIS PROSPECTUS AND, PARTICULARLY, THE RISK FACTORS SECTION, BEGINNING ON PAGE 5. Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") nor any state securities division has approved or disapproved these securities, or determined if this Prospectus is current, complete, truthful or accurate. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Summary of Prospectus 3 General information about our Company 3 The Offering 5 Risk Factors 5 Risks associated with At Play Vacations, Inc. 5 Risks associated with this offering 8 Use of Proceeds 14 Determination of Offering Price 14 Dilution 14 Selling Security Holders 14 Plan of Distribution 16 Shares offered by the selling shareholders 16 Terms of the Offering 17 Offering proceeds 17 Description of Securities to be Registered 17 Interest of Named Experts and Counsel 18 Information with Respect to the Registrant 18 Description of business 18 Description of property 22 Legal proceedings 22 Market price of and dividends of the registrant's common equity and related stockholder matters 22 Financial statements and selected financial data 23 Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 24 Changes in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure 27 Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk 27 Directors and executive officers 28 Executive compensation 29 Security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management 31 Certain relationships and related transactions 31 Material Changes 32 Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference 32 Disclosure of Commission Position on Indemnification for Securities Act Liabilities 32 Financial Statements 33 Until _____, 2014, all dealers that effect transactions in these securities, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers' obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions. 2 SUMMARY OF PROSPECTUS You should read the following summary together with the more detailed business information, financial statements and related notes that appear elsewhere in this Prospectus. In this Prospectus, unless the context otherwise denotes, references to "we," "us," "our", "At Play", "APV", 'At Play Vacations" and "Company" are to At Play Vacations, Inc. and our wholly owned subsidiary Quality Resort Hotels, Inc.. A Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements This Prospectus contains forward-looking statements, which relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as "may," "should," "expects," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "predicts," "potential," or "continue" or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the section entitled "Risk Factors," that may cause our industry's actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. While these forward-looking statements, and any assumptions upon which they are based, are made in good faith and reflect our current judgment regarding the direction of our business, actual results will almost always vary, sometimes materially, from any estimates, predictions, projections, assumptions or other future performance suggested herein. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. General Information about Our Company At Play Vacations, Inc. was incorporated in the State of Nevada on August 7, 2013, and our fiscal year end is September 30. At Play Vacations, Inc. markets, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Quality Resort Hotels, Inc. ("QRH"), discount vacation packages to sought-after resort destinations throughout North America. The Company will be relying on its officers and directors to provide these services and will only rely on outside consultants as needed. The Company's websites are currently www.atplayvacations.com and www.qualityresorthotels.com. We are a development stage company, and have commenced business operations and generated revenues from inception to December 31, 2013, of $11,429. We have been issued a "substantial doubt" going concern opinion from our auditors and the majority of our assets are our cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable at December 31, 2013, consisting of approximately $28,255 and $1,648, respectively. At Play Vacations' business and corporate address is 2149 Rio De Janeiro Avenue, Punta Gorda, FL 33983. Our telephone number is 941-916-1440 and our registered agent for service of process is Corporate Direct, 2248 Meridian Boulevard Ste H, Minden, Nevada, 89423. Our fiscal year end is September 30. We received our initial funding of $10,000 through the sale of 10,000,000 shares of common stock to our officers and directors. Michael Hay and Jake Martin each purchased 5,000,000 shares of our common stock at $0.001 on August 7, 2013, for $5,000. Our financial statements from inception (August 7, 2013) through the period ended December 31, 2013, report revenues of $11,429 and a net loss of $23,441. Our independent auditors have issued an audit opinion for At Play Vacations, which includes a statement expressing substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. 3 This is our initial public offering. We are registering a total of 7,000,000 shares of our common stock, for sale by the selling shareholders. The selling shareholders will sell their shares at a price per share of $0.02 until the securities are quoted for trading on the OTC Bulletin Board, and thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of any of the 7,000,000 shares offered by the selling shareholders. This secondary offering will terminate upon the earliest of (i) such time as all of the common stock has been sold pursuant to the registration statement or (ii) 365 days from the effective date of this Prospectus . Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company We are an "emerging growth company," as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, or the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not "emerging growth companies" including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We could remain an "emerging growth company" for up to five years, or until the earliest of (a) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues exceed $1 billion, (b) the date that we become a "large accelerated filer" as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, or (c) the date on which we have issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three-year period. We are also considered a "smaller reporting company," If we are still considered a "smaller reporting company" at such time as we cease to be an "emerging growth company," we will be subject to increased disclosure requirements. However, the disclosure requirements will still be less than they would be if we were not considered either an "emerging growth company" or a "smaller reporting company." For more information, please see our Risk Factor entitled " As an "emerging growth company" under the jumpstart our business startups act (JOBS), we are permitted to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements." 4 The Offering Following is a brief summary of this Offering. Please see the Plan of Distribution and Terms of the Offering sections for a more detailed description of the terms of the Offering. Offering Securities being Offered 7,000,000 shares of common stock: which are being offered by the selling shareholders. The selling shareholders offering will terminate upon the earliest of (i) such time as all of the common stock has been sold pursuant to the registration statement or (ii) 365 days from the effective date of this prospectus. Price per share The selling shareholders will sell their shares at a fixed price per share of $0.02 for the duration of this Offering, or until the securities are quoted for trading on the OTC Bulletin Board, and thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. Securities Issued and 17,000,000 shares of common stock are issued and outstanding. Outstanding Offering Proceeds We will not be receiving proceeds from the offering. Registration costs We estimate our total offering registration costs to be $15,000. If we experience a shortage of funds prior to funding, our directors have verbally agreed to advance funds to allow us to pay for offering costs, filing fees, and correspondence with our shareholders; however, our directors have no formal commitment or legal obligation to advance or loan funds to the Company. Our officers, directors, control persons and/or affiliates do not intend to purchase any Shares in this Offering. Our two executive officers and directors will own 58.8% of our common stock. RISK FACTORS An investment in these securities involves a high degree of risk and is speculative in nature. In addition to the other information regarding the Company contained in this Prospectus, you should consider many important factors in determining whether to purchase Shares. Following are what we believe are material risks related to the Company and an investment in the Company. Risks Associated With At Play Vacations, Inc.: Our independent auditors have issued an audit opinion for At Play Vacations which includes a statement describing our going concern status. Our financial status creates a doubt whether we will continue as a going concern. As described in Note 3 of our accompanying financial statements, our auditors have issued a going concern opinion regarding the Company. This means there is substantial doubt we can continue as an ongoing business for the next twelve months. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the uncertainty regarding our ability to continue in business. As such, we may have to cease operations and investors could lose part or all of their investment in the Company. 5 We lack an operating history and have minimal profits which we expect to continue into the future. There is no assurance our future operations will result in continued profitable revenues. If we cannot generate sufficient revenues to operate profitably, we may suspend or cease operations. We were incorporated on August 7, 2013, and we have not fully developed our proposed business operations and only realized revenues of $11,429. We have no operating history upon which an evaluation of our future success or failure can be made. Our net loss since inception to August 7, 2013, was $23,441 of which approximately $7,053 is for professional fees in connection with this Offering. Our ability to maintain profitability and positive cash flow is dependent upon: · Our ability to attract new customers who will buy our services, · Our ability to generate sufficient revenue through the sale of our services. Based upon current plans, we expect to incur minimal operating profits or losses in future periods because we will be incurring expenses that may exceed revenues. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in generating sufficient revenues in the future. In the event the Company is unable to generate sufficient revenues, it may be required to seek additional funding. Such funding may not be available, or may not be available on terms which are beneficial and/or acceptable to the Company. In the event the Company cannot generate sufficient revenues and/or secure additional financing, the Company may be forced to cease operations and investors will likely lose some or all of their investment in the Company. We have minimal clients or customers and even if we obtain more clients or customers, there is no assurance that we will make a profit. We have minimal clients or customers. If we are unable to attract enough customers/clients to purchase services (and any products we may develop or sell) it will have a negative effect on our ability to continue to generate sufficient revenue from which we can operate or expand our business. The lack of sufficient revenues will have a negative effect on the ability of the Company to continue operations and it could force the Company to cease operations. We are dependent on one client for the majority of our vacation properties. At Play Vacations is currently dependent on one major resort developer that has resorts in multiple locations. This does leaves the company vulnerable to adverse decision making that could be outside of its control. Some of our competitors have significantly greater financial and marketing resources than do we. Some of our competitors have significantly greater financial and marketing resources than do we. There are no assurances that our efforts to compete in the marketplace will be successful. Because Messrs. Michael Hay and Jake Martin (our officers and directors) have other outside business activities and will have limited time to spend on our business, our operations may be sporadic, which may result in periodic interruptions or suspensions of operations . Because our officers and directors have other outside business activities and will only be devoting between 20-75% of their time, or 8-30 hours per week each to our operations, our operations may be sporadic and occur at times which are convenient to Messrs. Hay and Martin. Mr. Hay will devote 75%, or up to 30 hours per week and Mr. Martin will devote 20%, or up to 8 hours per week. In the event they are unable to fulfill any aspect of their duties to the Company, we may experience a shortfall or complete lack of sales resulting in little or no profits and eventual closure of the business. 6 We are dependent upon our current officers. We currently are managed by two officers and we are entirely dependent upon them in order to conduct our operations. If they should resign or die, there will be no one to run At Play Vacations, Inc., and the company has no Key Man insurance. If our current officers are no longer able to serve as such and we are unable to find other persons to replace them, it will have a negative effect on our ability to continue active business operations and could result in investors losing some or all of their investment in the Company. Our controlling stockholders have significant influence over the Company. As of April 30, 2014, Michael Hay, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Jake Martin, the Company's Secretary, combined owns 58.8% of the outstanding common stock. As a result, Messrs. Hay and Martin possess significant influence over our affairs. Their stock ownership and relationships with members of our board of directors, of which Messrs. Hay and Martin are the only two, may have the effect of delaying or preventing a future change in control, impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination or discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company, which in turn could materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Two investors hold a controlling interest in our stock. As a result, the ability of minority shareholders to influence our affairs is extremely limited. Two investors, our President and Secretary, own a controlling interest in our outstanding common stock on a primary basis. As a result, they have the ability to control all matters submitted to the stockholders of the Company for approval (including the election and removal of directors). A significant change to the composition of our Board could lead to a change in management and our business plan. Any such transition could lead to, among other things, a decline in service levels, disruption in our operations and departures of key personnel, which could in turn harm our business. Moreover, this concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control, impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us, or discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control, which in turn could materially and adversely affect the market price of the common stock. Minority shareholders of the Company will be unable to affect the outcome of stockholder voting as long as Messrs. Hay and Martin retain a controlling interest. Having only two directors limits our ability to establish effective independent corporate governance procedures and increases the control of our president over operations and business decisions. We have only two directors, who are our principal executive officer and secretary. Accordingly, we cannot establish board committees comprised of independent members to oversee functions like compensation or audit issues. In addition, a tie vote of board members is decided in favor of the chairman, which gives him significant control over all corporate issues, including all major decisions on operations and corporate matters such as approving business combinations. Until we have a larger Board of Directors that would include some independent members, if ever, there will be limited oversight of our President's decisions and activities and little ability for minority shareholders to challenge or reverse those activities and decisions, even if they are not in the best interests of minority shareholders. We could face liability and other costs relating to our storage and use of personal information about our users. Users provide us with personal information, including credit card information, which we do not share without the user's consent. Despite this policy of obtaining consent, however, if third persons were able to penetrate our network security or otherwise misappropriate our users' personal or credit card information, we could be subject to liability, including claims for unauthorized purchases with credit card information, impersonation or other similar fraud claims, and misuses of personal information, such as for unauthorized marketing purposes. Privacy legislation adopted in several states may further increase this type of liability. Furthermore, we could incur additional expenses if additional regulations regarding the use of personal information were introduced or if federal or state agencies were to investigate our privacy practices. 7 Risks Associated With This Offering If we do not file a Registration Statement on Form 8-A to become a mandatory reporting company under Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act"), we will continue as a reporting company and will not be subject to the proxy statement requirements, and our officers, directors and 10% stockholders will not be required to submit reports to the SEC on their stock ownership and stock trading activity, all of which could reduce the value of your investment and the amount of publicly available information about us. As a result of this offering as required under Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we will file periodic reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission through September 30, 2014, including a Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2014, assuming this registration statement is declared effective before that date. At or prior to September 30, 2014, we intend to voluntarily file a registration statement on Form 8-A which will subject us to all of the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. This will require us to file quarterly and annual reports with the SEC and will also subject us to the proxy rules of the SEC. In addition, our officers, directors and 10% stockholders will be required to submit reports to the SEC on their stock ownership and stock trading activity. We are not required under Section 12(g) or otherwise to become a mandatory Exchange Act filer unless we have more than 2,000 shareholders (of which 500 may be unaccredited) and total assets of more than $10 million on September 30, 2014. If we do not file a registration statement on Form 8-A at or prior to September 30, 2014, we will continue as a reporting company and will not be subject to the proxy statement requirements of the Exchange Act, and our officers, directors and 10% stockholders will not be required to submit reports to the SEC on their stock ownership and stock trading activity. The shares being offered are defined as "penny stock", the rules imposed on the sale of the shares may affect your ability to resell any shares you may purchase, if at all. The shares being offered are defined as a "penny stock" under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, and rules of the Commission. The Exchange Act and such penny stock rules generally impose additional sales practice and disclosure requirements on broker-dealers who sell our securities to persons other than certain accredited investors who are, generally, institutions with assets in excess of $5,000,000 or individuals with net worth in excess of $1,000,000 or annual income exceeding $200,000, or $300,000 jointly with spouse, or in transactions not recommended by the broker-dealer. For transactions covered by the penny stock rules, a broker-dealer must make a suitability determination for each purchaser and receive the purchaser's written agreement prior to the sale. In addition, the broker-dealer must make certain mandated disclosures in penny stock transactions, including the actual sale or purchase price and actual bid and offer quotations, the compensation to be received by the broker-dealer and certain associated persons, and deliver certain disclosures required by the Commission. Consequently, the penny stock rules may affect the ability of broker-dealers to make a market in or trade our common stock and may also affect your ability to resell any shares you may purchase in this offering in the public markets. Market for penny stock has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse Stockholders should be aware that, according to SEC Release No. 34-29093, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include: · Control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; · Manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; · Boiler room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced salespersons; · Excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differential and markups by selling broker-dealers; and, · The wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along with the resulting inevitable collapse of those prices and with consequential investor losses. Our management is aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny stock market. Although we do not expect to be in a position to dictate the behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who participate in the market, management will strive within the confines of practical limitations to prevent the described patterns from being established with respect to our securities. The occurrence of these patterns or practices could increase the volatility of our share price. 8 Due to the lack of a trading market for our securities, you may have difficulty selling any shares you purchase in this Offering. There currently is no public trading market for our common stock. Therefore there is no central place, such as a stock exchange or electronic trading system, to resell your shares. If you do want to resell your shares, you will have to locate a buyer and negotiate your own sale. We plan to contact a market maker to file an application on our behalf to have our common stock listed for quotation on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board (OTCBB) immediately following the effectiveness of this Registration Statement. The OTCBB is a regulated quotation service that displays real-time quotes, last sale prices and volume information in over-the-counter (OTC) securities. The OTCBB is not an issuer listing service, market or exchange. Although the OTCBB does not have any listing requirements per se, to be eligible for quotation on the OTCBB, issuers must remain current in their filings with the SEC or applicable regulatory authority. Market Makers are not permitted to begin quotation of a security whose issuer does not meet this filing requirement. Securities already quoted on the OTCBB that become delinquent in their required filings will be removed following a 30 or 60 day grace period if they do not make their required filing during that time. We cannot guarantee that our application will be accepted or approved and our stock listed and quoted for sale. As of the date of this filing, there have been no discussions or understandings between the Company or anyone acting on our behalf with any market maker regarding participation in a future trading market for our securities. The lack of a public trading market for our shares may have a negative effect on your ability to sell your shares in the future and it also may have a negative effect on the price, if any, for which you may be able to sell your shares. As a result an investment in the Shares may be illiquid in nature and investors could lose some or all of their investment in the Company. Our financial statements may not be comparable to those of companies that comply with new or revised accounting standards . We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of the extended transition period that Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides an emerging growth company, as provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. Our financial statements may, therefore, not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 9 Our status as an "emerging growth company" under the JOBS Act OF 2012 may make it more difficult to raise capital when we need to do it. Because of the exemptions from various reporting requirements provided to us as an "emerging growth company" and because we will have an extended transition period for complying with new or revised financial accounting standards, we may be less attractive to investors and it may be difficult for us to raise additional capital as and when we need it. Investors may be unable to compare our business with other companies in our industry if they believe that our financial accounting is not as transparent as other companies in our industry. If we are unable to raise additional capital as and when we need it, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. We will not be required to comply with certain provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for as long as we remain an "emerging growth company." We are not currently required to comply with the SEC rules that implement Sections 302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and are therefore not required to make a formal assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting for that purpose. Upon becoming a public company, we will be required to comply with certain of these rules, which will require management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Though we will be required to disclose changes made in our internal control procedures on a quarterly basis, we will not be required to make our first annual assessment of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 until the later of the year following our first annual report required to be filed with the SEC, or the date we are no longer an "emerging growth company" as defined in the JOBS Act. Our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until the later of the year following our first annual report required to be filed with the SEC, or the date we are no longer an "emerging growth company." At such time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our controls are documented, designed or operating. Reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies may make our common stock less attractive to investors. As an "emerging growth company," we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not "emerging growth companies," including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 10 As an "emerging growth company" under the jumpstart our business startups act (JOBS), we are permitted to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. We qualify as an "emerging growth company" under the JOBS Act. As a result, we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. For so long as we are an emerging growth company, we will not be required to: * have an auditor report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; * comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor's report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (i.e., an auditor discussion and analysis); * submit certain executive compensation matters to shareholder advisory votes, such as "say-on-pay" and "say-on-frequency;" and * disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO's compensation to median employee compensation. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We will remain an emerging growth company for up to five full fiscal years, although if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of any January 31 before that time, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following July 31, or if our annual revenues exceed $1 billion, we would cease to be an emerging growth company the following fiscal year, or if we issue more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt in a three-year period, we would cease to be an emerging growth company immediately. Notwithstanding the above, we are also currently a "smaller reporting company," meaning that we are not an investment company, an asset-backed issuer, nor a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent company that is not a smaller reporting company, and has a public float of less than $75 million and annual revenues of less than $50 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. If we are still considered a "smaller reporting company" at such time as we cease to be an "emerging growth company," we will be subject to increased disclosure requirements. However, the disclosure requirements will still be less than they would be if we were not considered either an "emerging growth company" or a "smaller reporting company." Specifically, similar to "emerging growth companies", "smaller reporting companies" are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in their filings; are exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that independent registered public accounting firms provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting; are not required to conduct say-on-pay and frequency votes until annual meetings occurring on or after January 21, 2013; and have certain other decreased disclosure obligations in their SEC filings, including, among other things, only being required to provide two years of audited financial statements in annual reports. Decreased disclosures in its SEC filings due to its status as an "emerging growth company" or "smaller reporting company" may make it harder for investors to analyze the Company's results of operations and financial prospects. 11 We will incur ongoing costs and expenses for SEC reporting and compliance, without increased revenue we may not be able to remain in compliance, making it difficult for investors to sell their shares, if at all. Our business plan allows for the estimated $15,000 cost of this Registration Statement to be paid from our cash on hand. Going forward, the Company will have ongoing SEC compliance and reporting obligations, estimated as approximately $20,000 annually. Such ongoing obligations will require the Company to expend additional amounts on compliance, legal and auditing costs. In order for us to remain in compliance, we will require increased revenues to cover the cost of these filings, which could comprise a substantial portion of our available cash resources. If we are unable to generate sufficient revenues to remain in compliance, it may be difficult for you to resell any shares you may purchase, if at all. Our officers and directors own 58,8% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. If they choose to sell their shares in the future, it might have an adverse effect on the price of our stock. Due to the controlling amount of their share ownership in our Company, if our officers and directors decide to sell their shares in the public market, the market price of our stock could decrease and all shareholders suffer a dilution to the value of their stock. Unless registered in the future, if our officers and directors decide to sell any of their common stock, they will be subject to Rule 144 under the 1933 Securities Act. Rule 144 restricts the ability of directors, officers or affiliates to sell shares by limiting the sales of securities made under Rule 144 during any three-month period to 1% of the outstanding common stock of the issuer.. Our Officers and Directors Currently Own 58.8% Of The Company's Issued and Outstanding Stock. Presently, the Company's Officers and Directors beneficially own 10,000,000 (58.8%) shares of the outstanding common stock of the Company. Because of such ownership, investors in this Offering will have limited control over matters requiring approval by the Company shareholders, including the election of directors. In addition, certain provisions of Nevada State law could have the effect of making it more difficult or more expensive for a third party to acquire, or from discouraging a third party from attempting to acquire, control of the Company. For example, Nevada law provides that approval of a majority of the stockholders is required to remove a director, which may make it more difficult for a third party to gain control of the Company. This concentration of ownership limits the power to exercise control by the minority shareholders. Our directors and officers will control and make corporate decisions that may differ from those that might be made by the other shareholders. Due to the controlling amount of their share ownership in our Company, our directors will have a significant influence in determining the outcome of all corporate transactions, including the power to prevent or cause a change in control. Their interests may differ from the interests of other stockholders, and thus result in corporate decisions that are disadvantageous to other shareholders. We Are Unlikely To Pay Dividends To date, we have not paid dividends on our common stock, nor do we intend to pay dividends in the foreseeable future, even if we become profitable. Earnings, if any, are expected to be used to advance our activities and for general corporate purposes, rather than to make distributions to stockholders. Prospective investors will likely need to rely on an increase in the price of Company stock to profit from his or her investment. There are no guarantees that any market for our common stock will ever develop or that the price of our stock will ever increase. If prospective investors purchase Shares pursuant to this Offering, they must be prepared to be unable to liquidate their investment and/or lose their entire investment. Since we are not in a financial position to pay dividends on our common stock, and future dividends are not presently being contemplated, investors are advised that return on investment in our common stock is restricted to an appreciation in the share price. The potential or likelihood of an increase in share price is questionable at best. 12 Our shares may not become eligible to be traded electronically which would result in brokerage firms being unwilling to trade them. If we become able to have our shares of common stock listed on the OTCBB, we will then try, through a broker-dealer and its clearing firm, to become eligible with the Depository Trust Company ("DTC") to permit our shares to trade electronically. If an issuer is not "DTC-eligible," then its shares cannot be electronically transferred between brokerage accounts, which, based on the realities of the marketplace as it exists today, means that shares of a company will not likely be traded. United States state securities laws may limit secondary trading, which may restrict the states in which and conditions under which you can sell the shares offered by this prospectus. There is no public market for our securities, and there can be no assurance that any public market will develop in the foreseeable future. Secondary trading in securities sold in this offering will not be possible in any state in the U.S. unless and until the common shares are qualified for sale under the applicable securities laws of the state or there is confirmation that an exemption, such as listing in certain recognized securities manuals, is available for secondary trading in such state. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in registering or qualifying our securities for secondary trading, or identifying an available exemption for secondary trading in our securities in every state. If we fail to register or qualify, or to obtain or verify an exemption for the secondary trading of, the securities in any particular state, the securities could not be offered or sold to, or purchased by, a resident of that state. In the event that a significant number of states refuse to permit secondary trading in our securities, the market for our securities could be adversely affected. If we have less than 300 record shareholders at the beginning of any fiscal year, other than the fiscal year within which this registration statement becomes effective, our reporting obligations under section 15(d) of the Exchange Act will be suspended. There is a significant risk that we will have less than 300 record shareholders at our next fiscal year end and at the conclusion of this offering. If we have less than 300 record shareholders, and have not filed a registration pursuant to 8A of the Exchange Act, our reporting obligations under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act will be suspended, and we would no longer be obligated to provide periodic reports following the Form 10-K for the fiscal year end immediately following this offering. Furthermore, if, at the beginning of any fiscal year, we have fewer than 300 record shareholders for the class of securities being registered under this registration statement, our reporting obligations under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act will be automatically suspended for that fiscal year. If we were to cease reporting, you will not have access to updated information regarding the Company's business, financial condition and results of operation. The market price of our shares would decline if the selling stockholders sell a large number of shares all at once or in blocks. The selling stockholders are offering 4,600,000 shares of common stock through this prospectus. They must sell these shares at a fixed price of $0.02 until such time as they are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board or other quotation system or stock exchange. Our common stock is presently not traded on any market or securities exchange, but should a market develop, shares sold at a price below the current market price at which the common stock is trading will cause that market price to decline. Moreover, the offer or sale of large numbers of shares at any price may have a depressive effect on the price of our common stock in any market that may develop. 13 USE OF PROCEEDS We are registering a total of 7,000,000 shares of our common stock for sale by selling shareholders. No shares are being registered for sale by the Company. The Company will not receive funds from the sale of shares being offered by selling shareholders. DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE Since our common stock is not listed or quoted on any exchange or quotation system, the offering price of the shares of common stock was determined by the price of the common stock that was sold to our security holders pursuant to an exemption under Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act. The offering price of the shares of our common stock does not necessarily bear any relationship to our book value, assets, past operating results, financial condition or any other established criteria of value. The facts considered in determining the offering price were our financial condition and prospects, our limited operating history and the general condition of the securities market. Although our common stock is not listed on a public exchange, we will be filing to obtain a quotation on the OTCBB concurrently with the filing of this Prospectus. In order to be quoted on the OTCBB, a market maker must file an application on our behalf in order to make a market for our common stock. There can be no assurance that a market maker will agree to file the necessary documents with FINRA, which operates the OTC Bulletin Board, nor can there be any assurance that such an application for quotation will be approved. In addition, there is no assurance that our common stock will trade at market prices in excess of the initial offering price as prices for the common stock in any public market which may develop will be determined in the marketplace and may be influenced by many factors, including the depth and liquidity. DILUTION Not applicable. SELLING SECURITY HOLDERS The selling shareholders named in this Prospectus are offering 7,000,000 shares of the common stock offered through this Prospectus. The shares were sold between October 2013 and March 2014, under two offerings exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 as provided in Rules 504 and 506, respectively under Regulation D as promulgated by the SEC, as detailed below. Twenty two (22) unaffiliated investors purchased shares during October 2013 to December 2013, under an offering exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 as provide in Rule 504 under Regulation D as promulgated by the SEC. This offering met the requirements of Rule 504 in that (a) the total of funds raised in the offering did not exceed $1,000,000, and (b) the offer and sale of the Shares was not accomplished by means of any general advertising or general solicitation. Seven (7) unaffiliated investors purchased shares during January 2014 to March 2014, under an offering exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933 as provided in Rule 506 under Regulation D as promulgated by the SEC. This offering met the requirements of Rule 506 in that (a) the Shares were sold to accredited investors or not more than 35 unaccredited investors; (b) the disclosure requirements of Rule 502(b) were met; and (c) the offer and sale of the Shares was not accomplished by means of any general advertising or general solicitation. 14 The following table provides as of April 30, 2014, information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock held by each of the selling shareholders, including: 1. The number of shares owned by each prior to this Offering; 2. The total number of shares that are to be offered for each; 3. The total number of shares that will be owned by each upon completion of the Offering; 4. The percentage owned by each; and 5. The identity of the beneficial holder of any entity that owns the shares. To the best of our knowledge, the named parties in the table that follows are the beneficial owners and have the sole voting and investment power over all shares or rights to the shares reported. In addition, the table assumes that the selling shareholders do not sell shares of common stock not being offered through this Prospectus and do not purchase additional shares of common stock. The column reporting the percentage owned upon completion assumes that all shares offered are sold, and is calculated based on 17,000,000 shares outstanding as of the date of this prospectus. Shares Total of Total Percent Name of Owned Prior Shares Shares Owned Selling To This Offered After After Shareholder Offering For Sale Offering Offering Abat, Relynda 500,000 500,000 0 0 Mendez, Darilis 200,000 200,000 0 0 Doughty, Darcie 100,000 100,000 0 0 Estevez, Roldis 300,000 300,000 0 0 Gasser, Walter 500,000 500,000 0 0 Hay, William 200,000 200,000 0 0 Hay, Jeffrey 300,000 300,000 0 0 Lee, Ken 100,000 100,000 0 0 Levy, Stanley 200,000 200,000 0 0 Lyons, Mary Anne 400,000 400,000 0 0 Mather, Wayne 200,000 200,000 0 0 Matos, Galletano 200,000 200,000 0 0 Matos, Juan 200,000 200,000 0 0 Matos, Yudelvis 200,000 200,000 0 0 Lopez Mendez, Reimundo 200,000 200,000 0 0 Moore, Tyler 200,000 200,000 0 0 Oliveira, Emanuel 50,000 50,000 0 0 Padley, Pearl 100,000 100,000 0 0 Pollard, Brian 500,000 500,000 0 0 Powell, Joshua 300,000 300,000 0 0 Powell, Morgan 300,000 300,000 0 0 Redfern, Blaine 200,000 200,000 0 0 Rose, David 300,000 300,000 0 0 Schneider, Aaron 200,000 200,000 0 0 Sheehy, Susan 150,000 150,000 0 0 Smith, Carol 200,000 200,000 0 0 St. Onge, Samantha 200,000 200,000 0 0 Taylor, David 300,000 300,000 0 0 Valiente, Lissette 200,000 200,000 0 0 To our knowledge, none of the selling shareholders: 1. Has had a material relationship with the Company or any of its predecessors or affiliates, other than as a shareholder as noted above, at any time within the past three years; or 2. Are broker-dealers or affiliates of broker dealers; or 3. Has ever been an officer or director of At Play Vacations, Inc. 15 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION Shares Offered by the Selling Shareholders The selling shareholders have not informed us of how they plan to sell their shares. However, they may sell some or all of their common stock in one or more transactions: 1. on such public markets or exchanges as the common stock may from time to time be trading; 2. in privately negotiated transactions; or 3. in any combination of these methods of distribution. The sales price to the public has been determined by the shareholders to be $0.02. The price of $0.02 per share is a fixed price for the duration of the offering or until the securities are quoted for trading on the OTC Bulletin Board, and thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. The selling shareholders offering will terminate upon the earliest of (i) such time as all of the common stock has been sold pursuant to the registration statement or (ii) 365 days from the effective date of this prospectus. The selling shareholders may also sell their shares directly through market makers acting in their capacity as broker-dealers. The Company will apply to have its shares of common stock listed on the OTC Bulletin Board immediately after the date of this Prospectus. We anticipate once the shares are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, the selling shareholders will sell their shares directly into any market created. Selling shareholders will offer their shares at a fixed price of $0.02 per share for the duration of this Offering or until the securities are listed for trading on the OTC Bulletin Board, and thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. We cannot predict the price at which shares may be sold or whether the common stock will ever trade on any market. The shares may be sold by the selling shareholders, as the case may be, from time to time, in one or more transactions. Commissions and discounts paid in connection with the sale of the shares by the selling shareholders will be determined through negotiations between the shareholders and the broker-dealers through or to which the securities are to be sold, and may vary, depending on the broker-dealer's fee schedule, the size of the transaction and other factors. The separate costs of the selling shareholders will be borne by the shareholder. The selling shareholders, and any broker-broker dealer or agent that participates with the selling shareholders in the sale of the shares by them will be deemed an "underwriter" within the meaning of the Securities Act, and any commissions or discounts received by them and any profits on the resale of shares purchased by them will be deemed to be underwriting commissions under the Securities Act. In the event any selling shareholder engages a broker-dealer to distribute their shares, and the broker-dealer is acting as underwriter, we will be required to file a post-effective amendment containing the name of the underwriter. The selling shareholders must comply with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 in the offer and sale of their common stock. In particular, during times that the selling shareholders may be deemed to be engaged in a distribution of the common stock, and therefore be considered to be an underwriter, they must comply with applicable law. Regulation M prohibits certain market activities by persons selling securities in a distribution. To demonstrate their understanding of those restrictions and others, selling shareholders will be required, prior to the release of unrestricted shares to themselves or any transferee, to represent as follows: that they have delivered a copy of this Prospectus, and if they are effecting sales on the Electronic Bulletin Board or inter-dealer quotation system or any electronic network, that neither they nor any affiliates or person acting on their behalf, directly or indirectly, has engaged in any short sale of our common stock; and for a period commencing at least 5 business days before his first sale and ending with the date of his last sale, bid for, purchase, or attempt to induce any person to bid for or purchase our common stock. If the Company's common shares are quoted for trading on the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board the trading in our shares will be regulated by Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 15g-9 which established the definition of a "penny stock". For the purposes relevant to the Company, it is defined as any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require: (a) that a broker or dealer approve a person's account for transactions in penny stocks; and (b) the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. In order to approve a person's account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must (a) obtain financial information and investment experience objectives of the person; and (b) make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared by the broker/dealer relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form, (a) sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination; and (b) that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. Before you trade a penny stock your broker is required to tell you the offer and the bid on the stock, and the compensation the salesperson and the firm receive for the trade. The firm must also mail a monthly statement showing the market value of each penny stock held in your account. We can provide no assurance that all or any of the common stock offered will be sold by the selling shareholders. The selling shareholders and any broker-dealers or agents that are involved in selling the shares will be deemed to be "underwriters" within the meaning of the Securities Act in connection with such sales. In such event, any commissions received by such broker-dealers or agents and any profit on the resale of the shares purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts under the Securities Act. The selling shareholders have informed us that they do not have any agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the common stock. 16 Because the selling shareholders will be deemed to be "underwriters" within the meaning of the Securities Act, they will be subject to the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act. Federal securities laws, including Regulation M, may restrict the timing of purchases and sales of our common stock by the selling shareholders and any other persons who are involved in the distribution of the shares of common stock pursuant to this Prospectus. We are bearing all costs relating to the registration of the common stock. While we have no formal agreement to provide funding with our directors, they have verbally agreed to advance additional funds in order to complete the registration statement process. Any commissions or other fees payable to brokers or dealers in connection with any sale of the common stock, however, will be borne by the selling shareholders or other party selling the common stock. Terms of the Offering This Offering commenced on the date the registration statement was declared effective (which also serves as the date of this prospectus) and continues for a period of 365 days. Offering Proceeds We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of any of the 7,000,000 shares by the selling shareholders. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES TO BE REGISTERED Our authorized capital stock consists of 150,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001. Common Stock The holders of our common stock (i) have equal ratable rights to dividends from funds legally available, therefore, when, as and if declared by our Board; (ii) are entitled to share in all of our assets available for distribution to holders of common stock upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs; (iii) do not have preemptive, subscription or conversion rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights; and (iv) are entitled to one non-cumulative vote per share on all matters on which stockholders may vote. All shares of Common Stock now outstanding are fully paid for and non‑assessable and all shares of Common Stock which are the subject of this Offering, when issued, will be fully paid for and non‑assessable. Reference is made to the Company's Articles of Incorporation, By-laws and the applicable statutes of the State of Nevada for a more complete description of the rights and liabilities of holders of the Company's securities. Non-cumulative Voting Holders of shares of our common stock do not have cumulative voting rights; meaning that the holders of 50.1% of the outstanding shares, voting for the election of directors, can elect all of the directors to be elected, and, in such event, the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any of our directors. Cash Dividends As of the date of this Prospectus, we have not paid any cash dividends to stockholders. The declaration of any future cash dividend will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend upon our earnings, if any, our capital requirements and financial position, our general economic conditions, and other pertinent conditions. It is our present intention not to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest earnings, if any, in our business operations. 17 INTEREST OF NAMED EXPERTS AND COUNSEL None of the below described experts or counsel have been hired on a contingent basis and none of them will receive a direct or indirect interest in the Company. Our audited statements for the period from inception (August 7, 2013) through September 30, 2013 and our unaudited statements for the period from inception (August 7, 2013) through December 31, 2013, are included in this prospectus. Sadler, Gibb, & Associates LLC, 2455 East Parleys Way, Suite 320, Salt Lake City, Utah 84109, has audited our September 30, 2013, statements. We include the financial statements in reliance on their reports, given upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. Parsons/Burnett/Bjordhal/Hume, LLP, 1850 Skyline Tower, 10900 NE 4 th Street, Bellevue, WA 98004 has passed upon the validity of the Shares being offered and certain other legal matters and is representing us in connection with this Offering. INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO THE REGISTRANT DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS Business Development At Play Vacations, Inc. was incorporated in the State of Nevada on August 7, 2013. Our fiscal year end is September 30. The company's administrative address is, 2149 Rio De Janeiro Avenue, Punta Gorda, FL 33983. The telephone number is 941-916-1440. At Play Vacations, Inc. has revenues of $11,429 and had a net loss of $23,441 for the period since inception (August 7, 2013) to December 31, 2013, and had $28,255 of cash on hand at December 31, 2013. In addition to nominal revenues, we have relied upon the sale of our securities and loans from our corporate officers and directors for funding. At Play Vacations has never declared bankruptcy, been in receivership, or involved in any kind of legal proceeding. At Play Vacations, its directors, officers, affiliates and promoters, have not and do not intend to enter into negotiations or discussions with representatives or owners of any other businesses or companies regarding the possibility of an acquisition or merger. Principal Products, Services and Their Markets At Play Vacations, Inc., and its wholly-owned Florida based subsidiary Quality Resort Hotels, Inc., is currently marketing discount vacation packages to sought-after resort destinations throughout North America. The vacation packages are targeted primarily to families and/or couples over the age of 28 that have an annual household income in excess of $100,000. The purpose of the demographic targeting is to partner with local real estate developers in each resort that wish to market their offerings to our qualified customers. Real estate developers will often subsidize a guest's vacation, as long as they fit their target demographic and are willing to attend one of their open house presentations. There is no obligation to these presentations, except the guest's time, and the Company is able to offer deeply discounted rates to these customers, in some cases up to 75% off retail for their participation. 18 At Play Vacations has partnered with a local resort developer in Whistler BC, Tremblant, Quebec, and Palm Desert, CA, and it plans to partner with other developers across the vacation real estate spectrum. The concept of 'timeshare' or 'vacation ownership' has evolved into a multi-billion dollar industry, offering a range of products from: vacation weeks, factional memberships, points-based travel, exclusive clubs, and luxury whole ownership. At Play Vacations' marketing platform is flexible enough to cater to all of these different types of offerings. Current and future resort destinations are chosen based on their demand. The focus is on skiing, golf, beach or unique urban destinations that attract a wealth of holiday vacationers. The resorts will also be chosen by their proximity to major markets, either through convenient driving distances or air travel. At Play Vacations primarily uses the Internet to market its discount packages under the websites AtPlayVacations.com and QualityResortHotels.com. Modeled after Booking.com, Priceline.com, and Expedia.com, vacations are offered at discount rates to guests that are also willing to attend a developer presentation. The discounts are compelling and generate viable customer feedback and interest. The website platforms also give customers the opportunity to book regular vacations as well, vacations that do not require a developer presentation. This function is secondary to the main marketing effort, but does generate residual commissions – commissions that can reach as high as 20% per booking. In addition, offering guests the opportunity to book vacations without any presentation obligations also gives us the opportunity to remarket them again at a later date. Distribution Methods Customers are able to purchase their vacations online, or through responding to a 1-800 number. They are given full disclosure on the terms and conditions of their package, and digitally sign off on the qualifications. Payments are taken up front and the guest is given a 14 day pre-arrival window in which to cancel and receive a full refund. At Play Vacations does not engage in the actual selling of the resort properties; its main function is to sell packages and bring the guests on resort. Status of Publicly Announced New Products or Services At Play Vacations currently has the website QualityResortHotels.com in operation, and is in the process of completing AtPlayVacations.com . Vacation packages are being sold into Whistler, BC, Mont Tremblant, Quebec and Palm Desert California. At Play Vacations expects to add Blue Mountain Resorts in Ontario Canada and Costa Rica as a travel options in the fall of 2014. Other resorts may also be added on a case by case basis. Competitive Business Conditions and Strategy; At Play Vacations' Position in the Industry At Play Vacations intends to establish itself as a competitive company in the vacations/travel industry. Competitors include major booking engines such as Booking.com, Hotwire.com, and Expedia.com, as well as other vacation-ownership companies that are looking to bring customers into their sales centers. The Company is currently small;, however, it is highly specialized in generating qualified developer leads, as well as targeting niche resorts in sought-after destinations. Individual developers do offer similar programs to bring guests up for discount stays, however, there are very few companies that market multiple resorts in one location. At Play Vacations can be easily expanded to offer additional resort destinations and discount vacation options.. In an effort to provide superior customer service and to provide local insider knowledge of each resort, At Play Vacations hires local call-center experts from each of its resort destinations. Our 'local' experts are linked virtually via the internet and are capable of fielding vacation inquiries from across our resort marketing network. The goal of this virtual call center is to match the customer inquiry to the specific resort itself, creating a direct link between the customer and their desired destination. Having the direct connection between the customer and their on-resort representative creates a strong bond, adds credibility to the package, and increases close rates. So while our At Play Vacations' website is capable of marketing multiple resorts from a single platform, the power of the internet enables us to channel the inquiries directly to a 'local' sitting in their home, in the specific resort itself that we are promoting. This approach is seamless and provides superior service. 19 Dependence on one or a few major customers At Play Vacations is currently dependent on one major resort developer that has resorts in multiple locations. This does leaves the company vulnerable to adverse decision making that could be outside of its control.., The Company will expect to diversify its developer base and offer packages in new resort destinations. Patents, Trademarks, Licenses, Agreements or Contracts Other than trade-marking the respective logos and branding, there are no other aspects of the business that require a patent or product license. We have not entered into any vendor agreements or contracts that give or could give rise to any obligations or concessions. Governmental Controls, Approval and Licensing Requirements We are not currently subject to direct federal, state or local regulation other than the requirement to have a business license for the areas in which we conduct business. Research and Development Activities and Costs The Company has researched the vacations industry, and future activities will likely require additional research. Number of Employees At Play Vacations has no employees, but has retained the services of a couple of customer service contractors. The officers and director are largely donating their time to the development of the company, and intend to do whatever work is necessary to bring us to viability. We have no other employees, but do foresee hiring additional customer service contractors as the company expands into other markets. 20 Plan of Operation All statements contained in this Prospectus, other than statements of historical facts, that address future activities, events or developments, are forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements containing the word "believe," "anticipate," "expect" and word of similar import. These statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses made by us in light of our experience and our assessment of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments as well as other factors we believe are appropriate under the circumstances. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those projected. The Company cautions investors that any forward-looking statements made by the Company are not guarantees of future performance and those actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, without limitation: established competitors who have substantially greater financial resources and operating histories, regulatory delays or denials, ability to compete as a start-up company in a highly competitive market, and access to sources of capital. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Prospectus. Except for the historical information contained herein, the discussion in this Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements of our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. The cautionary statements made in this Prospectus should be read as being applicable to all related forward-looking statements wherever they appear in this Prospectus. The Company's actual results could differ materially from those discussed here. Our auditors have issued a going concern opinion. This means that there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months unless we obtain additional capital to pay for our expenses. This is because we have not generated adequate yet possible. There is no assurance we will ever reach this point. Accordingly, we must raise sufficient capital from sources. Our only other source for cash at this time is investments by others. We must raise cash to stay in business. In response to these problems, management intends to raise additional funds through public or private placement offerings. At this time, however, the Company does not have plans or intentions to raise additional funds by way of the sale of additional securities, other than pursuant to this Offering. At Play Vacations is a development stage company that has limited operations, limited revenue, limited financial backing and limited assets. Our plan is to further develop AtPlayVacations.com and its wholly owned subsidiary QualityResortHotels.com in the Vacation Travel Industry. To achieve these aims, more prospective real estate partners in new resort destinations will be solicited, and the booking engines themselves (websites) will be further refined and improved. During the first 6 months of operation the Company executed a successful marketing test into the Seattle, WA, Toronto, Ontario, and Great Los Angeles, CA markets. The purpose of the test was to gauge the effectiveness of our internet marketing strategies and determine the strongest markets in which to expand our efforts. The test consisted of a Google Adwords campaign into all three cities, and well as website optimization. The plan for the next 6 months is to optimize the At Play Vacations website in the Toronto market for Tremblant, Whistler, and Blue Mountain related key words. This will ensure first page placement on Google for keywords that relate to Tremblant, Whistler and Blue Mountain accommodations. We will also run strategic PPC (pay per click) campaigns into our three target markets during high season periods. This equates to Whistler and Tremblant in the summer of 2014, and all three resorts leading into the winter holiday season. At Play Vacations will also make use of its growing email data base to position special offers during holiday weeks and/or weekends. During the first year of operation, our officers and directors are providing their labor at minimum charge. We have hired two customer service contractors and plan on hiring more as the demand increases. If we become a public entity, subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, we will incur ongoing expenses associated with professional fees for accounting, legal and a host of other expenses for annual reports and proxy statements. We estimate that these accounting, legal and other professional costs would be a minimum of $20,000 in the next year and will be higher, in the following years, if our business volume and activity increases. Increased business activity could greatly increase our professional fees for reporting requirements and this could have a significant impact on future operating costs. The difference between having the ability to sustain our cash flow requirements over the next twelve months and the need for additional outside funding will depend on how fast we can generate sales revenue. At present, we only have enough cash on hand to fund the next 6 months of operation. If we do not raise sufficient funds to proceed with the continued implementation of our business plan, we may have to find alternative sources of funds, like a second public offering, a private placement of securities, or loans from our officers or third parties (such as banks or other institutional lenders). Equity financing could result in additional dilution to then existing shareholders. If we are unable to meet our needs for cash from either money that we raise from our equity, or possible alternative sources, then we may be unable to continue to maintain, develop or expand our operations. We have no plans to undertake any product research and development during the next 12 months. 21 Reports to Security Holders Once this Offering is declared effective, At Play Vacations will voluntarily make available an annual report including audited financials on Form 10-K to security holders. We will file the necessary reports with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act, including but not limited to, the report on Form 8-K, annual reports on Form 10-K, and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. The public may read and copy any materials filed with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports and other electronic information regarding At Play Vacations and filed with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov . DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY At Play Vacations' principal business and corporate address is 2149 Rio De Janeiro, Punta Gorda, FL 33983; the telephone number is 941-916-1440. The space is being provided by management on a rent free basis. We have no intention of finding, in the near future, another office space to rent during the development stage of the company. At Play Vacations does not currently have any investments or interests in any real estate, nor do we have investments or an interest in any real estate mortgages or securities of persons engaged in real estate activities. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We are not involved in any pending legal proceeding nor are we aware of any pending or threatened litigation against us. MARKET PRICE OF AND DIVIDENDS ON THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS No public market currently exists for shares of our common stock. Following completion of this Offering, we intend to contact a market maker to file an application on our behalf to have our common stock listed for quotation on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board. Of the 17,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding as of April 30, 2014, 10,000,000 were owned by Messrs. Hay and Martin and may only be resold in compliance with Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933. Holders of Our Common Stock As of the date of this Prospectus statement, we have thirty-two (32) stockholders. Registration Rights We have no outstanding shares of common stock or any other securities to which we have granted registration rights. Dividends The Company does not anticipate paying dividends on the Common Stock at any time in the foreseeable future. The Company's Board of Directors currently plans to retain earnings for the development and expansion of the Company's business. Any future determination as to the payment of dividends will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company and will depend on a number of factors including future earnings, capital requirements, financial conditions and such other factors as the Board of Directors may deem relevant. 22 Rule 144 Shares After the date this Prospectus is declared effective, 10,000,000 of our outstanding shares of common stock will be "restricted securities" as defined under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act and may only be sold pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption from registration, if available. Rule 144, as amended, is an exemption that generally provides that a person who has continuously owned shares for a six month holding period securities may sell the shares, provided the Company is current in its reporting obligations under the Exchange Act. The shares owned by our officers and directors are considered control securities for the purpose of Rule 144. As such, officers, directors and affiliates are subject to certain manner of resale provisions, including an amount of restricted securities which does not exceed the greater of 1% of a company's outstanding common stock. Our officers and directors own 10,000,000 restricted shares, or 58.8% of the outstanding common stock. When these shares become available for resale, the sale of these shares by these individuals, whether pursuant to Rule 144 or otherwise, may have an immediate negative effect upon the price of the Company's common stock in any market that might develop. Reports Following the effective date of this Registration Statement, we will be subject to certain reporting requirements and will furnish annual financial reports to our stockholders, certified by our independent accountants, and will furnish un-audited quarterly financial reports in our quarterly reports filed electronically with the SEC. All reports and information filed by us can be found at the SEC website, www.sec.gov . Transfer Agent Our transfer agent is ClearTrust, LLC, 16540 Pointe Village Dr, Suite 206, Lutz, FL 33558. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA The following financial information summarizes the more complete historical financial information at the end of this prospectus. Three Months Ended December 31, 2013 From Inception (August 7, 2013) to December, 2013 Total revenue $ 11,429 $ 11,429 Gross profit $ 4,372 $ 4,372 Total operating expenses $ 25,660 $ 27,813 Operating loss $ (21,288 ) $ (23,441 ) Net loss $ (21,288 ) $ (23,441 ) Net loss per common share: Basic and Diluted $ (0.00 ) Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: Basic and diluted 13,025,020 Three Months Ended December 31, 2013 From Inception (August 7, 2013) to December 31, 2013 Cash used in operating activities $ (21,664 ) $ (27,667 ) Cash provided by financing activities $ 46,000 $ 56,000 Cash and cash equivalents on hand $ 28,333 $ 28,333 23 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS This section of the Prospectus includes a number of forward-looking statements that reflect our current views regarding the future events and financial performance of At Play Vacations, Inc. We qualify as an "emerging growth company" under the JOBS Act. As a result, we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. For so long as we are an emerging growth company, we will not be required to: · have an auditor report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; · comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor's report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (i.e., an auditor discussion and analysis); · submit certain executive compensation matters to shareholder advisory votes, such as "say-on-pay" and "say-on-frequency;" and · disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO's compensation to median employee compensation. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. We will remain an "emerging growth company" for up to five years, or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our total annual gross revenues exceed $1 billion, (ii) the date that we become a "large accelerated filer" as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which would occur if the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter or (iii) the date on which we have issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three year period. 24 Results of Operations We have generated revenues of $11,429 since inception and have incurred $27,813 in expenses through December 31, 2013. The following table provides selected financial data about our company as of December 31, 2013 and September 30, 2013. Balance Sheet Data: December 31, 2013 September 30, 2013 Cash $ 28,255 $ 3,997 Total assets $ 33,254 $ 7,847 Total liabilities $ 695 $ - Stockholders' equity $ 32,559 $ 7,847 Our increase in cash of $24,258 can be attributed to proceeds from the issuance of common stock of $46,000 to unaffiliated investors. Our liabilities increased $695 due to an increase in accounts payable. The following summary of our results of operations, for the three months ended December 31, 2013 and the period from inception (August 7, 2013) to December 31, 2013, should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements, as included at the end of this Prospectus. Three Months Ended August 7, 2013 (Date of Inception) Through August 7, (Date of Inception) Through December 31, 2013 December 31, 2013 September 30, 2013 Revenue $ 11,429 $ 11,429 $ - Cost of revenue 7,057 7,057 - Gross profit 4,372 4,372 - Operating Expenses Selling, general and administrative 19,757 20,760 1,003 Professional fees 5,903 7,053 1,150 Total Operating expenses 25,660 27,813 2,153 Operating income (loss) (21,288 ) (23,411 ) (2,153 ) Provision for income tax - - - Net Income (Loss) $ (21,288 ) $ (23,441 ) $ (2,153 ) Revenue Our revenues are derived from our vacation booking services. We earned revenues of $11,429 for the three months ended December 31, 2013 and since from inception through December 31, 2013. Our revenues commenced in December 2013. 25 Gross profit Gross profit is the amount of subtracting our costs directly related to earning our revenue, which are our room rate costs. Our gross profit as a percentage of revenue was 38% for the three months ended December 31, 2013. As our revenues commenced in December 2013, our gross profit is also 38% since inception on August 7, 2013 through December 31, 2013. We do not have any history or other indicators to compare this return to and do not know if we will be able to continue at this rate of return. Expenses Operating expenses for the three month period ended was $25,660, comprised of $5,903 for professional fees and $19,757 for selling, general, and administrative fees. Our professional fees are our legal, accounting and other miscellaneous fees that are primarily relate to the costs of forming our company and filing this registration statement. Our professional fees since inception through December 31, 2013, were $7,053. Our selling, general and administrative expenses are comprised of the following accounts and amounts: Three Months Ended August 7, 2013 (Date of Inception) Through August 7, 2013 (Date of Inception) Through December 31, 2013 December 31, 2013 September 30, 2013 Advertising $ 5,226 $ 5,412 $ - Office, supplies and miscellaneous 1,644 1,661 1,003 Website costs 12,887 13,687 - We have not paid any management fees to our two officers since inception through the period ended December 31, 2013. Selling, general and administrative expenses are dominated by advertising and website costs, which we consider as advertising and promotional expenses totaling $18,113 and $19,099 for the three months ended December 31, 2013 and from inception to December 31, 2013, respectively. The primary marketing cost relates to the expense of using Google Adwords pay per click technology to target vacation-related keywords. Given that three markets are being tested in our start-up phase (Seattle, Toronto, and Los Angeles), various cost per click expenses are being incurred. The company also subcontracted the building of the Pay Per Click platform to a professional firm that is expert in the field. The average cost per month on the PPC campaign is $5,800. The Company is evaluating the PPC (Pay per Click) campaign to determine if it will produce a viable lead. It appears that Toronto has the lowest per click cost, while LA has the highest. The cost per lead is dictated by the degree of competition in each market. The purpose of the test is to evaluate each market and determine the best one in which to further invest. Secondary advertising investment would include search engine optimization as well as tradition print advertising campaigns. But again, the test must play out to best determine the best markets in which to invest. There are also website hosting and maintenance costs totaling $250 per month that must also be placed in the marketing budget. If we do not raise or generate through revenues sufficient funds to cover professional fees, estimated to be $20,000 for the next 12 months, we would not be able to remain reporting with the SEC, and therefore we would not be able to obtain an OTCBB quotation. 26 Limited Operating History; Need for Additional Capital There is limited historical financial information about us on which to base an evaluation of our performance. We are a development stage company and generated limited revenues from operations. We cannot guarantee we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources, possible delays in our rebranding efforts, and possible cost overruns due to the price and cost increases in supplies and services. At present, we only have enough cash on hand to cover the completion of our Offering. If we do not raise or generate through revenues sufficient funds to cover professional fees, estimated to be $20,000 for the next 12 months, we would not be able to remain reporting with the SEC, and therefore we would not be able to obtain an OTCBB quotation. While the officers and directors have generally indicated a willingness to provide services and financial contributions if necessary, there are presently no agreements, arrangements, commitments, or specific understandings, either verbally or in writing, between the officers and directors and At Play Vacations. During the next year of operations, our officers and directors will also provide their labor at no charge. If we are unable to meet our needs for cash from either our revenues, or the money that we raise from our Offering, or possible alternative sources, then we may be unable to continue, develop, or expand our operations. We have no plans to undertake any product research and development during the next twelve months. There are also no plans or expectations to acquire or sell any plant or plant equipment in the next year of operations. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 27 DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Each of our directors is elected by the stockholders to a term of one year and serves until his or her successor is elected and qualified. Each of our officers is appointed by the board of directors (the "Board") to a term of one year and serves until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified, or until he or she is removed from office. The Board has no nominating, audit or compensation committees. The name, address, age and position of our officers and directors is set forth below: Name and Address Age Position(s) Michael Hay 45 President, Chief Executive Officer (CEO), 25860 Aysen Drive Chief Financial Officer (CFO), Treasurer, and Director Punta Gorda, FL 33954 Jake Martin 29 Secretary & Director 409 Luff Lane Redwood Shores, CA, 94065 Michael Hay has held the positions of president, CEO, CFO, treasurer, and Director since inception on August 7, 2013. Jake Martin held the positions of secretary and Director since inception on August 7, 2013. The persons named above are expected to hold their offices/positions until the next annual meeting of our stockholders. The officers and directors set forth herein are our only officers, directors, promoters and control persons, as that term is defined in the rules and regulations promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1933. Michael Hay, the President and Director of the Company, currently devotes up to 30 hours per week to Company matters. Jake Martin, our Secretary and Director, currently devotes up to 8 hours per week to Company matters. After receiving funding per our business plan Mr. Hay will continue to devote up 75% of his time (30 hours per week) to manage the affairs of the Company. Mr. Martin will continue to devote up to 20% (8 hours per week) of his time to manage the affairs of the Company. No executive officer or director of the corporation has been the subject of any order, judgment, or decree of any court of competent jurisdiction, or any regulatory agency permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting him or her from acting as an investment advisor, underwriter, broker or dealer in the securities industry, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of an investment company, bank, savings and loan association, or insurance company or from engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with any such activity or in connection with the purchase or sale of any securities. No executive officer or director of the corporation has been convicted in any criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations) or is the subject of a criminal proceeding which is currently pending. No executive officer or director of the corporation is the subject of any pending legal proceedings. Background Information about Our Officers and Directors Michael Hay Michael Hay is a graduate of the University of Guelph and is a marketing professional with more than 18 years of resort real estate experience. Since 2013, Michael has been working with At Play Vacations. He has also worked on other resort marketing projects throughout North America for a number of different real estate developers including Intrawest, Shell Vacations, and M Private Residences. Prior to working with At Play Vacations, Michael worked with a marketing firm called What to Do Media from 2008-2012, and prior to that, Michael worked with Intrawest Resorts from 1997-2007, a large North American resort developer. In these roles, Michael traveled extensively and developed a wide network of industry contacts. Mr. Hay held the position of secretary and as a Director of New Media Insight Group, Inc. (OTCQB: NMED), from May 3, 2010 to December 31, 2012. 28 Jake Martin Jake Martin is a graduate of Evergreen College in Washington State. He has heldprominent SEO (search engine optimization) positions with large companies such as Intuit and Avvo. Jake currently has other work interests, but is devoting part time hours to the marketing of the At Play Vacations and Quality Resort Hotels websites. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings To our knowledge, during the past ten years, no present or former directors or executive officer of our company: (1) filed a petition under the federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law, nor had a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer appointed by a court for the business or present of such a person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer within two years before the time of such filing; (2) was convicted in a criminal proceeding or named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) was the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting the following activities: (i) acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment advisor, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, directors of any investment company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity; (ii) engaging in any type of business practice; (iii) engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of federal or state securities laws or federal commodity laws; (4) was the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any federal or state authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described above under this Item, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; (5) was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Securities and Exchange Commission to have violated any federal or state securities law and the judgment in subsequently reversed, suspended or vacate; (6) was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION During the period from inception (August 7, 2013) to year ended September 30, 2013, no compensation has been accrued by or paid to (i) any individual serving as At Play Vacations' principal executive officer or acting in a similar capacity during the period ("PEO"), regardless of compensation level; (ii) At Play Vacations' two most highly compensated executive officers other than the PEO who (A) served as executive officers at the end of the period and (B) received annual compensation during the last completed fiscal year in excess of $100,000; and (iii) up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided pursuant to subsection (ii) of this paragraph but for the fact that the individual was not serving as an executive officer of At Play Vacations at the end of the period. 29 The following table sets forth for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2013, the compensation awarded to, paid to, or earned by, our officers and directors. Name and principal position Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) Stock Awards ($) Option Awards ($) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) All Other Compensation Total ($) Michael Hay, President, CEO, CFO, Treasurer 2013 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Jake Martin, Secretary 2013 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Currently, none of our officers and/or directors is being compensated for their services during the development stage of our business operations, and are not considered to be employees of the Company. No other compensation has been or is planned to be paid. We have not paid any salaries in 2013, and we do not anticipate paying any salaries at any time during the fiscal year ending September 30, 2014. We will not begin paying salaries until we have adequate funds to do so. The officers and directors are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses they incur on our behalf. In addition, in the future, we may approve payment of salaries for our officers and directors, but currently, no such plans have been approved. We also do not currently have any benefits, such as health insurance, life insurance or any other benefits available to our employees. We have not issued any stock options or maintained any stock option or other incentive plans since our inception. We have no plans in place and have never maintained any plans that provide for the payment of retirement benefits or benefits that will be paid primarily following retirement including, but not limited to, tax qualified deferred benefit plans, supplemental executive retirement plans, tax-qualified deferred contribution plans and nonqualified deferred contribution plans. Similarly, we have no contracts, agreements, plans or arrangements, whether written or unwritten, that provide for payments to the named executive officers or any other persons following, or in connection with the resignation, retirement or other termination of a named executive officer, or a change in control of us or a change in a named executive officer's responsibilities following a change in control. As of the date hereof, we have not entered into employment contracts with any of our officers and do not intend to enter into any employment contracts until such time as it profitable to do so. The officers are not considered to be employees. 30 Compensation of Directors Our directors have not received any compensation for serving as such, for serving on committees of the Board of Directors or for special assignments. During the year ended September 30, 2013, there were no other arrangements between us and our directors that resulted in our making payments to our directors for any services provided to us by them as directors. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth, as of the date of this Prospectus, the total number of shares owned beneficially by each of our directors, officers and key employees, individually and as a group, and the present owners of 5% or more of our total outstanding shares. The stockholders listed below have direct ownership of their shares and possess sole voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares. Title of Class Name of Beneficial Owner (1) Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (2) Percent of Class (3) Common Michael Hay 2149 Rio De Janeiro Avenue Punta Gorda, FL 33983 5,000,000 29.4% Common Jake Martin 2149 Rio De Janeiro Avenue Punta Gorda, FL 33983 5,000,000 29.4% Common Directors and Officers as a Group (2 individuals) 10,000,000 58.8% (1) The persons named above may be deemed to be a "parent" and "promoter" of the Company, within the meaning of such terms under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, by virtue of his direct holdings in the Company. (2) Each shareholder owns his or her shares directly. (3) Based on 17,000,000 shares issued and outstanding as of April 30, 2014. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management On August 7, 2013, 5,000,000 shares of At Play Vacations' common stock were issued each to Michael Hay and Jake Martin,officers and directors of the Company, at the price of $0.001 per share (a total of 10,000,000 shares of common stock and $10,000). Messrs. Hay and Martin are our founders and therefore may be considered promoters, as that term is defined in Rule 405 of Regulation C. Directors Independence Our Board of Directors has determined that it does not have a member that is "independent" as the term is used in Item 7(d) (3) (iv) of Schedule 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 31 MATERIAL CHANGES None. INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE None. DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES Pursuant to the Company's Articles of Incorporation and bylaws, we may indemnify an officer or director who is made a party to any proceeding, including a lawsuit, because of his position, if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in our best interest. In certain cases, we may advance expenses incurred in defending any such proceeding. To the extent that the officer or directors is successful on the merits in any such proceeding as to which such person is to be indemnified, we must indemnify him against all expenses incurred, including attorney's fees. With respect to a derivative action, indemnity may be made only for expenses actually and reasonably incurred in defending the proceeding, and if the officer or directors is judged liable, only by a court order. The indemnification is intended to be to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada. 32 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The following financial statements are included herewith: · Unaudited Interim Financial Statements for the period from inception (August 7, 2013) to December 31, 2013 · Audited Financial Statements for the period from Inception (August 7, 2013) to the period ended September 30, 2013 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS Pa ge Interim Consolidated Balance Sheet 35 Interim Consolidated Statement of Operations 36 Interim Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 37 Notes to the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements 38 34 AT PLAY VACATIONS, INC. (A Development Stage Company) Interim Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, September 30, 2013 2013 (Unaudited) ASSETS Current Assets Cash $ 28,255 $ 3,997 Accounts receivable and other receivables 1,726 - Prepaid expenses 3,273 3,850 Total current assets 33,254 7,847 Total Assets $ 33,254 $ 7,847 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities $ 695 $ - Total current liabilities 695 - Total Liabilities 695 - Stockholders' Equity Preferred stock, $0.001 par value; 50,000,000 shares authorized; 0 shares issued and outstanding - - Common stock, $0.001 par value; 150,000,000 shares authorized; 14,600,000 and 10,000,000 shares issued and outstanding, respectively 14,600 10,000 Additional paid-in capital 41,400 - Deficit accumulated during the development stage (23,441 ) (2,153 ) Total stockholders' equity 32,559 7,847 Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity $ 33,254 $ 7,847 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 35 AT PLAY VACATIONS, INC. (A Development Stage Company) Interim Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) August 7, 2013 Three Months Ended (Inception) Through December 31, 2013 December 31, 2013 Revenue $ 11,429 $ 11,429 Cost of Revenue (7,057 ) (7,057 ) Gross Profit 4,372 4,372 Operating Expenses Selling, general and administrative 19,757 20,760 Professional fees 5,903 7,053 Total Operating Expenses 25,660 27,813 Loss from Operations (21,288 ) (23,441 ) Provision for income taxes - - Net Loss $ (21,288 ) $ (23,441 ) Basic and diluted net loss per common share $ (0.00 ) Basic and diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding 13,025,020 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 36 AT PLAY VACATIONS, INC. (A Development Stage Company) Interim Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) August 7, 2013 Three Months Ended (Inception) Through December 31, 2013 September 30, 2013 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) $ (21,288 ) $ (23,441 ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided (used) in operating activities: Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable and other receivables (1,726 ) (1,726 ) Prepaid expenses 577 (3,273 ) Accounts payable 695 695 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities (21,742 ) (27,745 ) Cash flows from investing activities: Net cash used in investing activities - - Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of common stock 46,000 56,000 Net cash provided by financing activities 46,000 56,000 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 24,258 28,255 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 3,997 - Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $ 28,255 $ 28,255 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for interest $ - $ - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 37 AT PLAY VACATIONS, INC. and Subsidiary (A Development Stage Company) Notes to the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2013 (Unaudited) NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS At Play Vacations, Inc. (the "Company") is a Nevada corporation incorporated on August 7, 2013. It is based in Punta Gorda, FL, USA. The Company incorporated a wholly-owned subsidiary, "Quality Resort Hotels, Inc." in Florida on August 8, 2013. The accounting and reporting policies of the Company conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and the Company's fiscal year end is September 30. The Company is a development stage company that intends to operate as a vacations company that books on-line travel. The Company will offer low rates on rooms in popular resort destinations. A percentage of vacations booked will also translate into sales leads for select real estate development partners. To date, the Company's activities have been limited to its formation and the raising of equity capital. NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Unaudited Interim Financial Statements The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America for interim financial information and Regulation S-X. Accordingly, the financial statements do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments consisting of normal recurring entries necessary for a fair statement of the periods presented for: (a) the financial position; (b) the result of operations; and (c) cash flows, have been made in order to make the financial statements presented not misleading. The results of operations for such interim periods are not necessarily indicative of operations for a full year. Development Stage Company The Company is a development stage company as defined by section ASC 915, "Development Stage Entities." The Company is still devoting substantially all of its efforts on establishing the business and its planned principal operations have not commenced. All losses accumulated since inception have been considered as part of the Company's development stage activities. Basis of Consolidation These financial statements include the accounts of the Company and the wholly-owned subsidiary, Quality Resort Hotels, Inc. All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. Basis of Presentation The Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The Financial Statements have been prepared using the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP") of the United States. 38 Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. The estimates and judgments will also affect the reported amounts for certain revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these good faith estimates and judgments. Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents include cash in banks, money market funds, and certificates of term deposits with maturities of less than three months from inception, which are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which, in the opinion of management, are subject to an insignificant risk of loss in value. The Company had $28,255 and $3,997 in cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2013 and September 30, 2013, respectively. We are required to restrict a portion of our cash for potential credit card chargebacks. As at December 31, 2013, we classified $78 as "accounts receivable and other receivables". Net Loss per Share of Common Stock The Company has adopted ASC Topic 260, "Earnings per Share," ("EPS") which requires presentation of basic EPS on the face of the income statement for all entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation. In the accompanying financial statements, basic earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. The Company has no potentially dilutive securities, such as options or warrants, currently issued and outstanding. Concentrations of Credit Risk The Company's financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk primarily consist of its cash and cash equivalents and related party payables it will likely incur in the near future. The Company places its cash and cash equivalents with financial institutions of high credit worthiness. At times, its cash and cash equivalents with a particular financial institution may exceed any applicable government insurance limits. The Company's management plans to assess the financial strength and credit worthiness of any parties to which it extends funds, and as such, it believes that any associated credit risk exposures are limited. Financial Instruments The Company follows ASC 820, "Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures", which defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between (1) market participant assumptions developed based on market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs) and (2) an entity's own assumptions about market participant assumptions developed based on the best information available in the circumstances (unobservable inputs). The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels, which gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below: 39 Level 1 Level 1 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 Level 2 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data. Level 3 Level 3 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities. The Company's financial instruments consist principally of cash, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, accrued compensation, and amounts due to related parties. Pursuant to ASC 820, the fair value of our cash is determined based on "Level 1" inputs, which consist of quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. We believe that the recorded values of all of our other financial instruments approximate their current fair values because of their nature and respective maturity dates or durations. Share-based Expenses ASC 718 "Compensation – Stock Compensation" prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions in which employee services are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities, or issuing or offering to issue shares, options, and other equity instruments such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award, known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period). The Company accounts for stock-based compensation issued to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC 505-50, " Equity – Based Payments to Non-Employees." Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees is based on the fair value of whichever is more reliably measurable: (a) the goods or services received; or (b) the equity instruments issued. The fair value of the share-based payment transaction is determined at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance completion date. There were no share-based expenses for the period ended December 31, 2013. Advertising Costs The Company follows ASC 720, " Advertising Costs," and expenses costs as incurred. Advertising expense totaled $18,113 for the period ending December 31, 2013. Related Parties The Company follows ASC 850, "Related Party Disclosures," for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. See Note 6. Commitments and Contingencies The Company follows ASC 450-20 , "Loss Contingencies ," to report accounting for contingencies. Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims, assessments, litigation, fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated. There were no commitments or contingencies as of December 31, 2013. 40 Recent Accounting Pronouncements Management has considered all recent accounting pronouncements issued since the last audit of our financial statements. The Company's management believes that these recent pronouncements will not have a material effect on the Company's financial statements. NOTE 3 -GOING CONCERN The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As of December 31, 2013, the Company has a net loss from operations of $21,288 and an accumulated deficit of $23,441. The Company intends to fund operations through equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements for the year ending September 30, 2014. The ability of the Company to emerge from the development stage is dependent upon, among other things, obtaining additional financing to continue operations, and development of its business plan. In response to these problems, management intends to raise additional funds through public or private placement offerings. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. NOTE 4 - EQUITY Preferred Stock The Company has authorized 50,000,000 preferred shares with a par value of $0.001 per share. The Board of Directors are authorized to divide the authorized shares of Preferred Stock into one or more series, each of which shall be so designated as to distinguish the shares thereof from the shares of all other series and classes. There were no preferred shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2013. Common Shares The Company has authorized 150,000,000 common shares with a par value of $0.001 per share. Each common share entitles the holder to one vote, in person or proxy, on any matter on which action of the stockholders of the corporation is sought. Since inception (August 7, 2013) to December 31, 2013, the company has issued a total of 14,600,000 common shares as follows: · On August 7, 2013, the company issued to its founders 10,000,000 shares of common stock at $0.001 per share for $10,000 cash. · During October 2013 to December 31, 2013, the Company issued, to unaffiliated investors, 4,600,000 shares of common stock at $0.01 per share for $46,000 cash. The Company has no stock option plan, warrants or other dilutive securities. NOTE 5 -SUBSEQUENT EVENTS Subsequent to December 31, 2013 and through March 31, 2014, the Company issued to unaffiliated investors 2,400,000 common shares at $0.01 per share for $24,000 cash. Management has evaluated subsequent events through the date these financial statements were available to be issued. Based on our evaluation no other events have occurred that require disclosure. 41 AT PLAY VACATIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY (A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY) INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the Period of August 7, 2013 (Date of Inception) to September 30, 2013 P age Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 43 Consolidated Balance Sheet 44 Consolidated Statement of Operations 45 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity 46 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 47 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 48 42 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors At Play Vacations, Inc. (Development Stage Company) We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of At Play Vacations, Inc. (the Company) as of September 30, 2013 and the related consolidated statements of operations , stockholders' equity and cash flows for the year then ended and for the cumulative period from August 7, 2013, (date of inception) through September 30, 2013. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of as of , and the results of their operations and cash flows for the year then ended and for the cumulative period from August 7, 2013 (date of inception) through September 30, 2013, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company had accumulated losses of $2,153 for the period from inception through which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans concerning these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. /s/ Sadler, Gibb & Associates, LLC Salt Lake City, UT November 8, 2013 43 AT PLAY VACATIONS, INC. and Subsidiary (A Development Stage Company) Consolidated Balance Sheet September 30, 2013 ASSETS Current Assets Cash $ 3,997 Prepaid expenses 3,850 Total current assets 7,847 Total Assets $ 7,847 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities $ - Total current liabilities - Total Liabilities - Stockholders' Equity Preferred stock,$0.001 par value; 50,000,000 shares authorized; 0 shares issued and outstanding - Common stock, $0.001 par value; 150,000,000 shares authorized; 10,000,000 issued and outstanding 10,000 Additional paid-in capital - Deficit accumulated during the development stage (2,153 ) Total stockholders' equity 7,847 Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity $ 7,847 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 44 AT PLAY VACATIONS, INC. and Subsidiary (A Development Stage Company) Consolidated Statement of Operations August 7, 2013 (Inception) Through September 30, 2013 Revenue $ - Operating Expenses Selling, general and administrative 1,003 Professional fees 1,150 Total Operating Expenses 2,153 Loss from Operations (2,153 ) Provision for income taxes - Net Loss $ (2,153 ) Basic and diluted net loss per common share $ (0.00 ) Basic and diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding 10,000,000 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 45 AT PLAY VACATIONS, INC. and Subsidiary (A Development Stage Company) Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity For the Period of Inception (August 7, 2013) to September 30, 2013 Deficit Accumulated Additional During the Total Common Stock Paid-in Development Stockholders' Number of shares Amount Capital Stage Equity Balance - August 7, 2013 (Inception) - $ - $ - $ - $ - Common shares issued for cash at $0.001 per share, August 7, 2013 10,000,000 10,000 - - 10,000 Net loss - - - (2,153 ) (2,153 ) Balances - September 30, 2013 10,000,000 $ 10,000 $ - $ (2,153 ) $ 7,847 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 46 AT PLAY VACATIONS, INC. and Subsidiary (A Development Stage Company) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows August 7, 2013 (Inception) Through September 30, 2013 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) $ (2,153 ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided (used) in operating activities: Changes in assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses (3,850 ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities (6,003 ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of equipment - Net cash used in investing activities - Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of common stock 10,000 Net cash provided by financing activities 10,000 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 3,997 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period - Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $ 3,997 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for interest $ - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 47 AT PLAY VACATIONS, INC. and Subsidiary (A Development Stage Company) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements From August 7, 2013 (Inception) through September 30, 2013 NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS At Play Vacations, Inc. (the "Company") is a Nevada corporation incorporated on August 7, 2013. It is based in Punta Gorda, FL, USA. The Company incorporated a wholly-owned subsidiary, "Quality Resort Hotels, Inc." in Florida on August 8, 2013. The accounting and reporting policies of the Company conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and the Company's fiscal year end is September 30. The Company is a development stage company that intends to operate as a vacations company that books on-line travel. The Company will offer low rates on rooms in popular resort destinations. A percentage of vacations booked will also translate into sales leads for select real estate development partners. To date, the Company's activities have been limited to its formation and the raising of equity capital. NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Development Stage Company The Company is a development stage company as defined by section ASC 915, "Development Stage Entities." The Company is still devoting substantially all of its efforts on establishing the business and its planned principal operations have not commenced. All losses accumulated since inception have been considered as part of the Company's development stage activities. Basis of Consolidation These financial statements include the accounts of the Company and the wholly-owned subsidiary, Quality Resort Hotels, Inc. All material intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. Basis of Presentation The Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The Financial Statements have been prepared using the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP") of the United States. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. The estimates and judgments will also affect the reported amounts for certain revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these good faith estimates and judgments. Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents include cash in banks, money market funds, and certificates of term deposits with maturities of less than three months from inception, which are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which, in the opinion of management, are subject to an insignificant risk of loss in value. The Company had $3,997 in cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2013. 48 Net Loss per Share of Common Stock The Company has adopted ASC Topic 260, "Earnings per Share," ("EPS") which requires presentation of basic EPS on the face of the income statement for all entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation. In the accompanying financial statements, basic earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. The Company has no potentially dilutive securities, such as options or warrants, currently issued and outstanding. Concentrations of Credit Risk The Company's financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk primarily consist of its cash and cash equivalents and related party payables it will likely incur in the near future. The Company places its cash and cash equivalents with financial institutions of high credit worthiness. At times, its cash and cash equivalents with a particular financial institution may exceed any applicable government insurance limits. The Company's management plans to assess the financial strength and credit worthiness of any parties to which it extends funds, and as such, it believes that any associated credit risk exposures are limited. Financial Instruments The Company follows ASC 820, "Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures", which defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between (1) market participant assumptions developed based on market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs) and (2) an entity's own assumptions about market participant assumptions developed based on the best information available in the circumstances (unobservable inputs). The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels, which gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below: Level 1 Level 1 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 Level 2 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data. Level 3 Level 3 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities. The Company's financial instruments consist principally of cash, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, accrued compensation, and amounts due to related parties. Pursuant to ASC 820, the fair value of our cash is determined based on "Level 1" inputs, which consist of quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. We believe that the recorded values of all of our other financial instruments approximate their current fair values because of their nature and respective maturity dates or durations. 49 Share-based Expenses ASC 718 "Compensation – Stock Compensation" prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions in which employee services are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities, or issuing or offering to issue shares, options, and other equity instruments such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award, known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period). The Company accounts for stock-based compensation issued to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC 505-50, " Equity – Based Payments to Non-Employees." Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees is based on the fair value of whichever is more reliably measurable: (a) the goods or services received; or (b) the equity instruments issued. The fair value of the share-based payment transaction is determined at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance completion date. There were no share-based expenses for the period ended September 30, 2013. Advertising Costs The Company follows ASC 720, " Advertising Costs," and expenses costs as incurred. Advertising expense totaled $986 for the period ending September 30, 2013. Related Parties The Company follows ASC 850, "Related Party Disclosures," for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. See Note 6. Commitments and Contingencies The Company follows ASC 450-20 , "Loss Contingencies ," to report accounting for contingencies. Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims, assessments, litigation, fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated. There were no commitments or contingencies as of September 30, 2013. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Management has considered all recent accounting pronouncements issued since the last audit of our financial statements. The Company's management believes that these recent pronouncements will not have a material effect on the Company's financial statements. NOTE 3 -GOING CONCERN The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As of September 30, 2013, the Company has a net loss from operations of $2,153, an accumulated deficit of $2,153 and has earned no revenues since inception. The Company intends to fund operations through equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements for the year ending September 30, 2014. The ability of the Company to emerge from the development stage is dependent upon, among other things, obtaining additional financing to continue operations, and development of its business plan. In response to these problems, management intends to raise additional funds through public or private placement offerings. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 50 NOTE 4 - EQUITY Preferred Stock The Company has authorized 50,000,000 preferred shares with a par value of $0.001 per share. The Board of Directors are authorized to divide the authorized shares of Preferred Stock into one or more series, each of which shall be so designated as to distinguish the shares thereof from the shares of all other series and classes. There were no preferred shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2013. Common Shares The Company has authorized 150,000,000 common shares with a par value of $0.001 per share. Each common share entitles the holder to one vote, in person or proxy, on any matter on which action of the stockholders of the corporation is sought. Since inception (August 7, 2013) to September 30, 2013, the company has issued a total of 10,000,000 common shares for $10,000 cash, to its founders. The Company has no stock option plan, warrants or other dilutive securities. NOTE 5 -PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES The Company provides for income taxes under ASC 740, "Income Taxes." Under the asset and liability method of ASC 740, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities and the tax rates in effect when these differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided for certain deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize tax assets through future operations . The provision for income taxes differs from the amounts which would be provided by applying the statutory federal income tax rate of 34% to the net loss before provision for income taxes for the following reasons: September 30, 2013 Income tax expense at statutory rate $ (731 ) Valuation allowance 731 Income tax expense per books $ - Net deferred tax assets consist of the following components as of: September 30, 2013 NOL Carryover $ 731 Valuation allowance (731 ) Net deferred tax asset $ - Due to the change in ownership provisions of the Income Tax laws of United States of America, net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $2,153 for federal income tax reporting purposes are subject to annual limitations. When a change in ownership occurs, net operating loss carry forwards may be limited as to use in future years. Net operating loss carry forwards begin to expire in 2033. NOTE 6 -SUBSEQUENT EVENTS Subsequent to September 30, 2013 and through November 5, 2013, the Company issued to unaffiliated investors 3,400,000 common shares at $0.01 per share for $34,000 cash. Management has evaluated subsequent events through the date these financial statements were available to be issued. Based on our evaluation no other events have occurred that require disclosure. 51 PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION Expenses incurred or (expected) relating to this Prospectus and distribution is as follows: Legal and SEC filing fees $ 7,500 Accounting 6,000 Transfer Agent fees 1,200 Miscellaneous 300 TOTAL $ 15,000 INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS Pursuant to the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of the corporation, we may indemnify an officer or director who is made a party to any proceeding, including a lawsuit, because of his position, if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in our best interest. In certain cases, we may advance expenses incurred in defending any such proceeding. To the extent that the officer or directors is successful on the merits in any such proceeding as to which such person is to be indemnified, we must indemnify him against all expenses incurred, including attorney's fees. With respect to a derivative action, indemnity may be made only for expenses actually and reasonably incurred in defending the proceeding, and if the officer or directors is judged liable, only by a court order. The indemnification is intended to be to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada. In regards to indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, may be permitted to directors or officers pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we are informed that, in the opinion of the Commission, such indemnification is against public policy, as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES Set forth below is information regarding the issuance and sales of securities without registration since inception. No such sales involved the use of an underwriter; no advertising or public solicitation was involved; the securities bear a restrictive legend; and no commissions were paid in connection with the sale of any securities. Officers and directors purchased 10,000,000 shares of our common stock at $0.001 per share on August 7, 2013 for $10,000 cash. These securities were issued in reliance upon the exemption contained in Section 4(2) of Securities Act of 1933. These securities were issued to the founders of the Company and bear a restrictive legend. No written agreement was entered into regarding the sale of stock to the Company's founders. Twenty two (22) unaffiliated private investors purchased 4,600,000 shares of common stock at $0.01 per share, for $46,000, in a private offering during October 2013 to December 2013. The company relied upon Section 4(2) of the Act, and Rule 504 of Regulation D of the Act. The investors were business acquaintances, family members, or friends of, or personally known to, our officers and directors. It is the belief of management that each of the individuals who invested have such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that they are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the investment and therefore did not need the protections offered by registering their shares under Securities and Exchange Act of 1933, as amended. Each investor completed a subscription confirmation letter and private placement subscription agreement whereby the investors certified that they were purchasing the shares for their own accounts, with investment intent. This Offering was not accompanied by general advertisement or general solicitation and the shares were issued with a Rule 144 restrictive legend. 52 Seven (7) unaffiliated private investors purchased during January 2014 and March 2014, 2,400,000 shares under an offering exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as provided in Rule 506 of Regulation D as promulgated by the SEC. This offering met the requirements of Rule 506 in that (a) the Shares were sold to accredited investors or not more than 35 unaccredited investors; (b) the disclosure requirements of Rule 502(b) were met; and (c) the offer and sale of the Shares was not accomplished by means of any general advertising or general solicitation. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES The following exhibits are included with this registration statement filing: Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Articles of Incorporation 3.2 Bylaws 5 Opinion re: Legality 23.1 Consent of Independent Auditors 23.2 Consent of Counsel (See Exhibit 5) 53 UNDERTAKINGS The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: i. To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a) (3) of the Securities Act; ii. To reflect in each prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the "Calculation of Registration Fee" table in the effective Registration Statement; iii. To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement. (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof; (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (4) For determining liability of the undersigned registrant under the Securities Act to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this Registration Statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: i. Any preliminary Prospectus or Prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 (Sec. 230-424); ii. Any free writing Prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the registrant; iii. The portion of any other free writing Prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and iv. Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. v. Each prospectus shall be deemed to be part of and included in this Registration Statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the Registrant pursuant to the provisions above, or otherwise, the Registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the Registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a directors, officer or controlling person of the Registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such directors, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the Registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question of whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 54 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in the City of Punta Gorda, Florida, on May 14, 2014. AT PLAY VACATIONS, INC., Registrant /s/ Michael Hay Michael Hay President (Principal Executive Officer), Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer), Treasurer, and Member of the Board of Directors Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates stated: /s/ Michael Hay Date: May 14, 2014 Michael Hay President (principal executive officer), Chief Financial Officer (principal accounting officer), Treasurer and Member of the Board of Directors /s/ Jake Martin Date: May 14, 2014 Jake Martin Secretary and Member of the Board of Directors 55
