UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 WORLDS MALL, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant in its Charter) Nevada 5961 (State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code) (IRS Employer Identification No.) WORLDS MALL, INC. 5841 East Charleston Blvd. #230 Las Vegas, NV 89123 (208) 371 8802 (Address and Telephone Number of Registrant’s Principal Executive Offices and Principal Place of Business) Copies of communications to: Gregg E. Jaclin, Esq. Szaferman, Lakind, Blumstein & Blader, P.C. 101 Grovers Mill Road Suite 200 Lawrenceville, NJ 08648 Tel. No.: (609) 275-0400 Fax No.: (609) 557-0969 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box. x If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration Statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If delivery of the prospectus is expected to be made pursuant to Rule 434, please check the following box. ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer ¨ Accelerated filer ¨ Non-accelerated filer ¨ Smaller reporting company x CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of Each Class Of Securities to be Registered Amount to be Registered Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price per share Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price Amount of Registration fee Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share 3,900,000 $ 0.01 $ 39,000 $ 5.03 (1) This Registration Statement covers the resale by our selling shareholders of up to 3,900,000 shares of common stock previously issued to such selling shareholders. (2) The offering price has been estimated solely for the purpose of computing the amount of the registration fee in accordance with Rule 457(o). Our common stock is not traded on any national exchange and in accordance with Rule 457; the offering price was determined by the price of the shares that were sold to our shareholders in a private placement memorandum. The price of $0.01 is a fixed price at which the selling security holders may sell their shares until our common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets at which time the shares may be sold at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. There can be no assurance that a market maker will agree to file the necessary documents with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, which operates the OTC Markets, nor can there be any assurance that such an application for quotation will be approved. THE REGISTRANT HEREBY AMENDS THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON SUCH DATE OR DATES AS MAY BE NECESSARY TO DELAY ITS EFFECTIVE DATE UNTIL THE REGISTRANT SHALL FILE A FURTHER AMENDMENT WHICH SPECIFICALLY STATES THAT THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT SHALL THEREAFTER BECOME EFFECTIVE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 8(a) OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR UNTIL THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT SHALL BECOME EFFECTIVE ON SUCH DATE AS THE COMMISSION, ACTING PURSUANT TO SUCH SECTION 8(a), MAY DETERMINE. The information in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed. These securities may not be sold until the registration statement filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) is effective. This preliminary prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission becomes effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and we are not soliciting offers to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUBJECT TO COMPLETION ON JUNE __, 2014 WORLDS MALL, INC. 3,900,000 SHARES OF COMMON STOCK The selling security holders named in this prospectus are offering all of the shares of common stock offered through this prospectus. The common stock to be sold by the selling shareholders as provided in the “Selling Security Holders” section is common stock that are shares that have already been issued and are currently outstanding. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the common stock covered by this prospectus. Our common stock is presently not traded on any market or securities exchange. The selling security holders have not engaged any underwriter in connection with the sale of their shares of common stock. Common stock being registered in this registration statement may be sold by selling security holders at a fixed price of $0.10 per share until our common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets and thereafter at a prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices or in transactions that are not in the public market. There can be no assurance that a market maker will agree to file the necessary documents with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”), which operates the OTC Markets, nor can there be any assurance that such an application for quotation will be approved. We have agreed to bear the expenses relating to the registration of the shares of the selling security holders. We are an emerging growth company as that term is used in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”) and are subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 4 to read about factors you should consider before buying shares of our common stock. NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED OF THESE SECURITIES OR DETERMINED IF THIS PROSPECTUS IS TRUTHFUL OR COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. The Date of This Prospectus is: June __, 2014 TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE Prospectus Summary 1 Summary Financials 2 Risk Factors 4 Use of Proceeds 11 Determination of Offering Price 11 Dilution 12 Selling Shareholders 12 Plan of Distribution 13 Description of Securities to be Registered 14 Interests of Named Experts and Counsel 14 Description of Business 15 Description of Property 16 Legal Proceedings 16 Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 16 Index to Financial Statements F-1 Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Financial Results 17 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 18 Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons 18 Executive Compensation 19 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 20 Transactions with Related Persons, Promoters and Certain Control Persons 20 Please read this prospectus carefully. It describes our business, our financial condition and results of operations. We have prepared this prospectus so that you will have the information necessary to make an informed investment decision. You should rely only on information contained in this prospectus. We have not authorized any other person to provide you with different information. This prospectus is not an offer to sell, nor is it seeking an offer to buy, these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. The information in this prospectus is complete and accurate as of the date on the front cover, but the information may have changed since that date. PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information contained elsewhere in this prospectus. This summary does not contain all the information that you should consider before investing in the common stock. You should carefully read the entire prospectus, including “Risk Factors”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the Financial Statements, before making an investment decision. In this Prospectus, the terms “Worlds Mall,” “Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” refer to Worlds Mall, Inc. Overview Worlds Mall, Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated on March 10, 2011 under the laws of the State of Nevada. The Company plans to develop an e-commerce website that will connect retail stores with customers around the world. The Company was formed to develop an e-commerce website that will connect retail stores with customers around the world. We believe that companies tend to market their e-commerce websites within the country or region that they are from and only to customers that speak the language of their country. Our goal is to globalize the retail market by eliminating language barriers along and providing better exposure to such companies. Worlds Mall wants to be a portal for retail sellers to connect to the world. Where You Can Find Us Our office is located at 5841 East Charleston Blvd. #230 Las Vegas, NV 89123. Our telephone number is: (208) 371 8802. Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company We qualify as an emerging growth company as that term is used in the JOBS Act. An emerging growth company may take advantage of specified reduced reporting and other burdens that are otherwise applicable generally to public companies. These provisions include: • A requirement to have only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related MD&A; • Exemption from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of the emerging growth company’s internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; • Reduced disclosure about the emerging growth company’s executive compensation arrangements; and • No non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements. We have already taken advantage of these reduced reporting burdens in this prospectus, which are also available to us as a smaller reporting company as defined under Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) for complying with new or revised accounting standards. We have elected to use the extended transition period provided above and therefore our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. We could remain an emerging growth company for up to five years, or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues exceed $1 billion, (ii) the date that we become a “large accelerated filer” as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, or (iii) the date on which we have issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three year period. For more details regarding this exemption, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Critical Accounting Policies.” 1 THE OFFERING Common stock offered by selling security holders 3,900,000 shares of common stock. This number represents 17.81% of our current outstanding common stock (1). Common stock outstanding before the offering 21,900,000 Common stock outstanding after the offering 21,900,000 Terms of the Offering The selling security holders will determine when and how they will sell the common stock offered in this prospectus. Termination of the Offering The offering will conclude upon the earliest of (i) such time as all of the common stock has been sold pursuant to the registration statement or (ii) such time as all of the common stock becomes eligible for resale without volume limitations pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act, or any other rule of similar effect. Trading Market There is currently no trading market for our common stock. We intend to apply soon for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board. We will require the assistance of a market-maker to apply for quotation and there is no guarantee that a market-maker will agree to assist us. Use of proceeds We are not selling any shares of the common stock covered by this prospectus. As such, we will not receive any of the offering proceeds from the registration of the shares of common stock covered by this prospectus. Risk Factors The Common Stock offered hereby involves a high degree of risk and should not be purchased by investors who cannot afford the loss of their entire investment. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 4. (1) Based on 21,900,000 shares of common stock outstanding as of May 30, 2014. Summary of Financial Information The following summary financial data should be read in conjunction with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis,” “Plan of Operation” and the Financial Statements and Notes thereto, included elsewhere in this prospectus. The statement of operations and balance sheet data from inception March 10, 2011 through March 31, 2014 and the three month period ended March 31, 2014 are derived from our audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements. The data set forth below should be read in conjunction with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” our financial statements and the related notes included in this prospectus. For the Period from For the Three Months For the Three Months March 10, 2011 Ended Ended (inception) through March 31, 2014 March 31, 2013 March 31, 2014 (Unaudited) (Unaudited) (Unaudited) Revenue earned during the development stage $ - $ - $ - Total operating expenses 160 18 24,688 Net loss $ (160 ) $ (18 ) $ (24,688 ) 2 Balance Sheet March 31, 2014 December 31, 2013 (Unaudited) Total Assets $ 46,960 $ 47,120 Total current liabilities 1,648 1,648 3 RISK FACTORS The shares of our common stock being offered for resale by the selling security holders are highly speculative in nature, involve a high degree of risk and should be purchased only by persons who can afford to lose the entire amount invested in the common stock. Before purchasing any of the shares of common stock, you should carefully consider the following factors relating to our business and prospects. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially adversely affected. In such case, you may lose all or part of your investment. You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information in this process before investing in our common stock. Risks Related to Our Business OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM HAS EXPRESSED SUBSTANTIAL DOUBT AS TO OUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN. The audited financial statements included in the registration statement have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern and do not include any adjustments that might result if we cease to continue as a going concern. We have incurred significant losses since our inception. We have funded these losses primarily through the sale of securities. Based on our financial history since inception, in their report of independent registered public accounting firm on the financial statements for the period from March 10, 2011 (inception) to March 31, 2014, our independent registered public accounting firm has expressed substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. We are a development stage company that has generated no revenue. There can be no assurance that we will have adequate capital resources to fund planned operations or that any additional funds will be available to us when needed or at all, or, if available, will be available on favorable terms or in amounts required by us. If we are unable to obtain adequate capital resources to fund operations, we may be required to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our operations, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and ability to operate as a going concern. WE HAVE LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY AND FACE MANY OF THE RISKS AND DIFFICULTIES FREQUENTLY ENCOUNTERED BY DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY. We are a development stage company, and to date, our development efforts have been focused primarily on the development of our business model. We are in the process of developing and implementing our 3D website. We have not completed the development of our 3D website and have limited operating history for investors to evaluate the potential of our business development. We have not built our customer base and our brand name. In addition, we also face many of the risks and difficulties inherent in gaining market share as a new company: · Develop effective business plan; · Meet customer standards; · Attain customer loyalty; · Develop and upgrade our services; Our future will depend on our ability to bring our services to the market place, which requires careful planning of providing a product that meets customer standards without incurring unnecessary cost and expense. IF WE ARE UNABLE TO SECURE ADDITIONAL CAPITAL, WE MAY BE UNABLE TO CONTINUE OPERATING AND DEVELOPING OUR ONLINE PLATFORMS AND MAY BE FORCED TO CEASE OPERATING. The development of our intellectual property, websites and services will require the commitment of substantial resources to implement our business plan. We expect that we would need a minimum of approximately an additional $474,000 in order to be in a position to fund our operations for a period of one year. Based on our current cash on hand, we estimate that we have sufficient cash to allow us to operate our business for a period of eighteen (18) months. Currently, we have no established bank-financing arrangements. Therefore, it is likely we would need to seek additional financing through subsequent future private offering of our equity securities, or through strategic partnerships and other arrangements with corporate partners. We have no current plans for additional financing. We cannot give you any assurance that any additional financing will be available to us, or if available, will be on terms favorable to us. The sale of additional equity securities will result in dilution to our stockholders. The occurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could require us to agree to operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations. Additionally, if we are successful in obtaining additional funding, the terms of that additional financing may be disadvantageous to investors in the current offering. If adequate additional financing is not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to implement our business development plan or continue our business operations. 4 WE HAVE NOT YET FULLY DEVELOPED OUR 3D WEBSITE. The Company’s business plan is dependent on the development of a 3D website. We are still developing the website and it is not available for use by the public. The website is dependent on the Company raising additional capita land can provide no assurance that we will meet this goal. The There can be no assurance that the platform will be completed as anticipated, nor, if successfully developed, will be successfully introduced into the public market. If the Company does not complete the development of the 3D website or if the website is not accepted by the market, then the Company may not generate revenues to cover our costs and allow us to become profitable or even continue to operate. WE HAVE NOT GENERATED ANY REVENUE AND OUR BUSINESS IS NOT YET OPERATIONAL, IF OUR WEBSITE DOES NOT BECOME OPERATIONAL OR IF THEY FAIL TO GAIN MARKET ACCEPTANCE, WE MAY NOT HAVE SUFFICIENT CAPITAL TO PAY OUR EXPENSES AND TO CONTINUE TO OPERATE. Our ultimate success will depend on generating revenues from micro-service transactions. In the future, we plan on developing advertising, and affiliate programs to generate revenue. We have no direct advertising sales of our own. All of our advertising revenue is dependent on independent third parties. We have not generated any revenue and have not completed our platforms, as a result, if we never become operational or if we do not generate enough users, once we are operational, we may be unable to generate sufficient revenues from user transactions. We may not achieve and sustain market acceptance sufficient to generate revenues or to attract advertising revenue sufficient to cover our costs and allow us to become profitable or even continue to operate. WE MAY INCUR SIGNIFICANT COSTS TO BE A PUBLIC COMPANY TO ENSURE COMPLIANCE WITH U.S. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND ACCOUNTING REQUIREMENTS AND WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ABSORB SUCH COSTS. We may incur significant costs associated with our public company reporting requirements, costs associated with newly applicable corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other rules implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission. We expect these costs to be approximately $25,000 per year. We expect all of these applicable rules and regulations to significantly increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time consuming and costly. We also expect that these applicable rules and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers. We are currently evaluating and monitoring developments with respect to these newly applicable rules, and we cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. In addition, we may not be able to absorb these costs of being a public company which will negatively affect our business operations. WE ARE AN “EMERGING GROWTH COMPANY,” AND ANY DECISION ON OUR PART TO COMPLY ONLY WITH CERTAIN REDUCED DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS APPLICABLE TO “EMERGING GROWTH COMPANIES” COULD MAKE OUR COMMON STOCK LESS ATTRACTIVE TO INVESTORS. We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in the JOBS Act, and, for as long as we continue to be an “emerging growth company,” we expect and fully intend to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to “emerging growth companies,” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We could be an “emerging growth company” for up to five years, or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues exceed $1 billion, (ii) the date that we become a “large accelerated filer” as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, or (iii) the date on which we have issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three year period. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an “emerging growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to opt in to the extended transition period for complying with the revised accounting standards. We have elected to rely on these exemptions and reduced disclosure requirements applicable to “emerging growth companies” and expect to continue to do so. 5 THE JOBS ACT ALLOWS US TO DELAY THE ADOPTION OF NEW OR REVISED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS THAT HAVE DIFFERENT EFFECTIVE DATES FOR PUBLIC AND PRIVATE COMPANIES. Since, we have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act, this election allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. OUR COMMON SHARES WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT AND AS A RESULT WE WILL HAVE LIMITED REPORTING DUTIES WHICH COULD MAKE OUR COMMON STOCK LESS ATTRACTIVE TO INVESTORS. Our common shares are not registered under the Exchange Act. As a result, we will not be subject to the federal proxy rules and our directors, executive officers and 10% beneficial holders will not be subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. In additional our reporting obligations under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act may be suspended automatically if we have fewer than 300 shareholders of record on the first day of our fiscal year. Our common shares are not registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and we do not intend to register our common shares under the Exchange Act for the foreseeable future, provided that, we will register our common shares under the Exchange Act if we have, after the last day of our fiscal year, more than either (i) 2000 persons; or (ii) 500 shareholders of record who are not accredited investors, in accordance with Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act. As a result, although, upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, we will be required to file annual, quarterly, and current reports pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as long as our common shares are not registered under the Exchange Act, we will not be subject to Section 14 of the Exchange Act, which, among other things, prohibits companies that have securities registered under the Exchange Act from soliciting proxies or consents from shareholders without furnishing to shareholders and filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission a proxy statement and form of proxy complying with the proxy rules. In addition, so long as our common shares are not registered under the Exchange Act, our directors and executive officers and beneficial holders of 10% or more of our outstanding common shares will not be subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires executive officers and directs, and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of a registered class of equity securities to file with the SEC initial statements of beneficial ownership, reports of changes in ownership and annual reports concerning their ownership of common shares and other equity securities, on Forms 3, 4 and 5, respectively. Such information about our directors, executive officers, and beneficial holders will only be available through this (and any subsequent) registration statement, and periodic reports we file thereunder. Furthermore, so long as our common shares are not registered under the Exchange Act, our obligation to file reports under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act will be automatically suspended if, on the first day of any fiscal year (other than a fiscal year in which a registration statement under the Securities Act has gone effective), we have fewer than 300 shareholders of record. This suspension is automatic and does not require any filing with the SEC. In such an event, we may cease providing periodic reports and current or periodic information, including operational and financial information, may not be available with respect to our results of operations. Unless we are required to register our securities under Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act, we do not intend to voluntarily comply with the registration requirements of Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act. BECAUSE OUR COMMON STOCK IS NOT REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED, OUR REPORTING OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED, MAY BE SUSPENDED AUTOMATICALLY IF WE HAVE FEWER THAN 300 SHAREHOLDERS OF RECORD ON THE FIRST DAY OF OUR FISCAL YEAR. Our common stock is not registered under the Exchange Act, and we do not intend to register our common stock under the Exchange Act for the foreseeable future (provided that, we will register our common stock under the Exchange Act if we have, after the last day of our fiscal year, $10,000,000 in total assets and either more than 2,000 shareholders of record or 500 shareholders of record who are not accredited investors (as such term is defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission), in accordance with Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act). As long as our common stock is not registered under the Exchange Act, our obligation to file reports under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act will be automatically suspended if, on the first day of any fiscal year (other than a fiscal year in which a registration statement under the Securities Act has gone effective), we have fewer than 300 shareholders of record. This suspension is automatic and does not require any filing with the SEC. In such an event, we may cease providing periodic reports and current or periodic information, including operational and financial information, may not be available with respect to our results of operations. OUR FUTURE SUCCESS IS DEPENDENT, IN PART, ON THE PERFORMANCE AND CONTINUED SERVICE OF DARIN MYMAN, OUR CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND SOLE DIRECTOR, AND ADAM WASSERMAN, OUR CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER. We are presently dependent to a great extent upon the experience, abilities and continued services of our President and Treasurer, Thomas Wikstrom. We are fully dependent on Mr. Wikstrom for all our operations and managing the process of completing and executing our business plan. If Mr. Wikstrom is unable to continue as our President and Treasurer we may not be successful in successfully implementing our business plan. The loss of services of any of the management staff could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operation. Mr. Wikstrom currently does not have any employment agreement, post-employment agreement, non-competition agreement or a confidentiality agreement with us. 6 OUR LACK OF PATENT AND/OR COPYRIGHT PROTECTION AND ANY UNAUTHORIZED USE OF PROPRIETARY TECHNOLOGIES BY THIRD PARTIES MAY HARM OUR BUSINESS. We have not filed any patent and/or copyright protection for our planned proprietary technologies and/or planned products as of the date of this filing. Despite certain precautions taken by us, it may be possible for third parties to obtain and use our intellectual property without authorization. This risk may be increased due to the lack of any patent and/or copyright protection. If any of our proprietary rights are misappropriated or we are forced to defend our intellectual property rights, we will have to incur substantial costs. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources, including diverting the time and effort of our senior management, and could disrupt our business, as well as have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Management will from time to time determine whether applying for patent and copyright protection is appropriate for us. We have no guarantee that, if filed, any applications will be granted or, if awarded, whether they will offer us any meaningful protection from other companies in our business. Furthermore, any patent or copyrights that we may be granted may be held by a court to infringe on the intellectual property rights of others and subject us to awards for damages. WE MAY BE SUBJECT TO CLAIMS WITH RESPECT TO THE INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHT OF OTHERS, WHICH COULD RESULT IN SUBSTANTIAL COSTS AND DIVERSION OF OUR FINANCIAL AND MANAGEMENT RESOURCES TO DEFEND SUCH CLAIMS AND/OR LAWSUITS AGAINST US AND COULD HARM OUR BUSINESS. We cannot be certain that our proprietary technologies will not infringe upon patents, copyrights or other intellectual property rights held by third parties. While we know of no basis for any claims of this type, the existence of and ownership of intellectual property can be difficult to verify and we have not made an exhaustive search of all patent filings. Additionally, most patent applications are kept confidential for twelve to eighteen months, or longer, and we would not be able to be aware of potentially conflicting claims that they make. We may become subject to legal proceedings and claims from time to time relating to the intellectual property of others in the ordinary course of our business. If we are found to have violated the intellectual property rights of others, we may be enjoined from using such intellectual property, and we may incur licensing fees or be forced to develop alternative technology or obtain other licenses. In addition, we may incur substantial expenses in defending against these third party infringement claims and be diverted from devoting time to our business and operational issues, regardless of the merits of any such claim. Successful infringement or licensing claims against us may result in substantial monetary damages, which may materially disrupt the conduct of our business and have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. WE COULD BE LIABLE FOR FRAUDULENT OR UNLAWFUL ACTIVITIES OF PLATFORM USERS. The law relating to the liability of providers of online platforms is currently unsettled. In addition, governmental agencies could require changes in the way this business is conducted. Under our platform, we may be unable to prevent users from undertaking fraudulent or unlawful activities, when users solicit or agree to undertake unlawful activities or violate the proprietary rights of others. As such, we could face civil or criminal liability for unlawful activities by our users that could negatively impact our Company. WE MAY INCUR SUBSTANTIAL DEBT WHICH COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION. It is possible that we may incur substantial debt in order to expand our business, which could adversely affect our financial condition. Incurring a substantial amount of debt may require us to use a significant portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on such debt, which will reduce the amount available to fund working capital, capital expenditures and general corporate purposes. Our indebtedness may negatively impact our ability to operate our business and limit our ability to borrow additional funds by increasing our borrowing costs, and impact the terms, conditions and restrictions contained in possible future debt agreements, including the addition of more restrictive covenants; impact our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business as covenants and restrictions contained in possible future debt arrangements may require that we meet certain financial tests; and place restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness and place us at a disadvantage compared to similar companies in our industry that have less debt. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT AND COMPLIANCE WITH THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002, INCLUDING ESTABLISHING AND MAINTAINING ACCEPTABLE INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING, ARE COSTLY AND MAY INCREASE SUBSTANTIALLY. The rules and regulations of the SEC require a public company to prepare and file periodic reports under the Exchange Act, which will require that the Company engage legal, accounting, auditing and other professional services. The engagement of such services is costly. Additionally, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”) requires, among other things, that we design, implement and maintain adequate internal controls and procedures over financial reporting. The costs of complying with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the limited technically qualified personnel we have may make it difficult for us to design, implement and maintain adequate internal controls over financial reporting. In the event that we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls or discover material weaknesses in our internal controls, we may not be able to produce reliable financial reports or report fraud, which may harm our overall financial condition and result in loss of investor confidence and a decline in our share price. 7 As a public company, we will be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010 and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Despite recent reforms made possible by the JOBS Act, compliance with these rules and regulations will nonetheless increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and increase demand on our systems and resources, particularly after we are no longer an “emerging growth company.” The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and operating results. We are working with our legal, independent accounting and financial advisors to identify those areas in which changes should be made to our financial and management control systems to manage our growth and our obligations as a public company. These areas include corporate governance, corporate control, disclosure controls and procedures and financial reporting and accounting systems. We have made, and will continue to make, changes in these and other areas. However, we anticipate that the expenses that will be required in order to adequately prepare for being a public company could be material. We estimate that the aggregate cost of increased legal services; accounting and audit functions; personnel, such as a chief financial officer familiar with the obligations of public company reporting; consultants to design and implement internal controls; and financial printing alone will be a few hundred thousand dollars per year and could be several hundred thousand dollars per year. In addition, if and when we retain independent directors and/or additional members of senior management, we may incur additional expenses related to director compensation and/or premiums for directors’ and officers’ liability insurance, the costs of which we cannot estimate at this time. We may also incur additional expenses associated with investor relations and similar functions, the cost of which we also cannot estimate at this time. However, these additional expenses individually, or in the aggregate, may also be material. In addition, being a public company could make it more difficult or more costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including directors’ and officers’ liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. The impact of these events could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers. The increased costs associated with operating as a public company may decrease our net income or increase our net loss, and may cause us to reduce costs in other areas of our business or increase the prices of our products or services to offset the effect of such increased costs. Additionally, if these requirements divert our management’s attention from other business concerns, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. IF WE ARE NOT ABLE TO IMPLEMENT THE REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 404 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT IN A TIMELY MANNER OR WITH ADEQUATE COMPLIANCE, WE MAY BE SUBJECT TO SANCTIONS BY REGULATORY AUTHORITIES. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting and, beginning with our annual report for fiscal year 2013, provide a management report on the internal control over financial reporting. We are in the preliminary stages of seeking consultants to assist us with a review of our existing internal controls and the design and implementation of additional internal controls that we may determine are appropriate. If we have a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, we may not detect errors on a timely basis and our financial statements may be materially misstated. We will be evaluating our internal controls systems to allow management to report on, and eventually allow our independent auditors to attest to, our internal controls. We will be performing the system and process evaluation and testing (and any necessary remediation) required to comply with the management certification requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. We cannot be certain as to the timing of completion of our evaluation, testing and remediation actions or the impact of the same on our operations. If we are not able to implement the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner or with adequate compliance, we may be subject to sanctions or investigation by regulatory authorities, such as the SEC or a stock exchange on which our securities may be listed in the future. Any such action could adversely affect our financial results or investors’ confidence in us and could cause our stock price to fall. Moreover, if we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner, or if we or our independent registered public accounting firm identifies deficiencies in our internal controls that are deemed to be material weaknesses, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC, any stock exchange on which our securities may be listed in the future, or other regulatory authorities, which would entail expenditure of additional financial and management resources and could materially adversely affect our stock price. Inferior internal controls could also cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations or cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on our stock price. To date, we have not evaluated the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, or the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, and we will not be required to evaluate our internal controls over financial reporting or disclose the results of such evaluation until the filing of our second annual report. Any such deficiencies, weaknesses or lack of compliance could have a materially adverse effect on our ability to comply with the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which is necessary to maintain our public company status. If we were to fail to fulfill those obligations, our ability to continue as a U.S. public company would be in jeopardy in which event an investor could lose his entire investment in our company. 8 WE ARE AN “EMERGING GROWTH COMPANY” UNDER THE RECENTLY ENACTED JOBS ACT AND WE CANNOT BE CERTAIN IF THE REDUCED DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS APPLICABLE TO EMERGING GROWTH COMPANIES WILL MAKE OUR COMMON STOCK LESS ATTRACTIVE TO INVESTORS. We qualify as an “emerging growth company” under the recently enacted JOBS Act. As a result, we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. For so long as we are an emerging growth company, among other things, we will not be required to: • have an auditor report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; • submit certain executive compensation matters to shareholder advisory votes, such as “say-on-pay” and “say-on-frequency”; • obtain shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved; and • disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the Chief Executive’s compensation to median employee compensation. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. We will remain an “emerging growth company” for up to five years, or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our total annual gross revenues exceed $1 billion; (ii) the date that we become a “large accelerated filer” as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which would occur if the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter or (iii) the date on which we have issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three-year period. Until such time, however, because the JOBS Act has only recently been enacted, we cannot predict whether investors will find our stock less attractive because of the more limited disclosure requirements that we may be entitled to follow and other exemptions on which we are relying while we are an “emerging growth company”. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. OUR STATUS AS AN “EMERGING GROWTH COMPANY” UNDER THE JOBS ACT MAY MAKE IT MORE DIFFICULT TO RAISE CAPITAL AS AND WHEN WE NEED IT. Because of the exemptions from various reporting requirements provided to us as an “emerging growth company” and because we will have an extended transition period for complying with new or revised financial accounting standards, we may be less attractive to investors and it may be difficult for us to raise additional capital as and when we need it. Investors may be unable to compare our business with other companies in our industry if they believe that our financial accounting is not as transparent as other companies in our industry. If we are unable to raise additional capital as and when we need it, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. EVEN AFTER WE ARE NO LONGER AN “EMERGING GROWTH COMPANY”, WE MAY STILL HAVE EXEMPTIONS AVAILABLE AND REDUCED DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS AS A SMALLER REPORTING COMPANY WHICH COULD MAKE OUR COMMON STOCK LESS ATTRACTIVE TO INVESTORS. After we are no longer an “emerging growth company”, we may still qualify as a smaller reporting company which would allow us to take advantage of certain exemptions and reduced disclosure requirements. For instance, as a smaller reporting company we would not be required to obtain an auditor attestation with respect to management’s conclusion about the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting. This reduced disclosure could make our common stock less attractive to investors. 9 Risk Related To Our Capital Stock WE MAY NEVER PAY ANY DIVIDENDS TO SHAREHOLDERS. We have never declared or paid any cash dividends or distributions on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to support operations and to finance expansion and therefore we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. The declaration, payment and amount of any future dividends will be made at the discretion of the board of directors (which currently only consists of Darin Myman), and will depend upon, among other things, the results of our operations, cash flows and financial condition, operating and capital requirements, and other factors as the board of directors considers relevant. There is no assurance that future dividends will be paid, and, if dividends are paid, there is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividend. OUR ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION PROVIDE FOR INDEMNIFICATION OF OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS AT OUR EXPENSE AND LIMIT THEIR LIABILITY WHICH MAY RESULT IN A MAJOR COST TO US AND HURT THE INTERESTS OF OUR SHAREHOLDERS BECAUSE CORPORATE RESOURCES MAY BE EXPENDED FOR THE BENEFIT OF OFFICERS AND/OR DIRECTORS. Our articles of incorporation and applicable Nevada law provide for the indemnification of our directors, officers, employees, and agents, under certain circumstances, against attorney’s fees and other expenses incurred by them in any litigation to which they become a party arising from their association with or activities on our behalf. We will also bear the expenses of such litigation for any of our directors, officers, employees, or agents, upon such person’s written promise to repay us if it is ultimately determined that any such person shall not have been entitled to indemnification. This indemnification policy could result in substantial expenditures by us which we will be unable to recoup. We have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, indemnification for liabilities arising under federal securities laws is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification for liabilities arising under federal securities laws, other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding, is asserted by a director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will (unless in the opinion of our counsel, the matter has been settled by controlling precedent) submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction, the question whether indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. The legal process relating to this matter if it were to occur is likely to be very costly and may result in us receiving negative publicity, either of which factors is likely to materially reduce the market and price for our shares, if such a market ever develops. THE OFFERING PRICE OF THE COMMON STOCK WAS DETERMINED BASED ON THE PRICE OF OUR PRIVATE OFFERING, AND THEREFORE SHOULD NOT BE USED AS AN INDICATOR OF THE FUTURE MARKET PRICE OF THE SECURITIES. THEREFORE, THE OFFERING PRICE BEARS NO RELATIONSHIP TO OUR ACTUAL VALUE, AND MAY MAKE OUR SHARES DIFFICULT TO SELL. Since our shares are not listed or quoted on any exchange or quotation system, the offering price of $0.01 per share for the shares of common stock was determined based on the price of our private offering. The facts considered in determining the offering price were our financial condition and prospects, our limited operating history and the general condition of the securities market. The offering price bears no relationship to the book value, assets or earnings of our company or any other recognized criteria of value. The offering price should not be regarded as an indicator of the future market price of the securities. YOU WILL EXPERIENCE DILUTION OF YOUR OWNERSHIP INTEREST BECAUSE OF THE FUTURE ISSUANCE OF ADDITIONAL SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK AND OUR PREFERRED STOCK. In the future, we may issue our authorized but previously unissued equity securities, resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests of our present stockholders. We are currently authorized to issue an aggregate of 1,000,000,000 shares of capital stock consisting of 500,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and 500,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share. We may also issue additional shares of our common stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for common stock in connection with hiring or retaining employees or consultants, future acquisitions, future sales of our securities for capital raising purposes, or for other business purposes. The future issuance of any such additional shares of our common stock or other securities may create downward pressure on the trading price of our common stock. There can be no assurance that we will not be required to issue additional shares, warrants or other convertible securities in the future in conjunction with hiring or retaining employees or consultants, future acquisitions, future sales of our securities for capital raising purposes or for other business purposes, including at a price (or exercise prices) below the price at which shares of our common stock will be quoted on the OTC Markets. 10 OUR COMMON STOCK IS CONSIDERED A PENNY STOCK, WHICH MAY BE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON MARKETABILITY, SO YOU MAY NOT BE ABLE TO SELL YOUR SHARES. If our common stock becomes tradable in the secondary market, we will be subject to the penny stock rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission that require brokers to provide extensive disclosure to their customers prior to executing trades in penny stocks. These disclosure requirements may cause a reduction in the trading activity of our common stock, which in all likelihood would make it difficult for our shareholders to sell their securities. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than $5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system). Penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer’s account. The broker-dealer must also make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser’s written agreement to the transaction. These requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity, if any, in the secondary market for a security that becomes subject to the penny stock rules. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our securities, which could severely limit the market price and liquidity of our securities. These requirements may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our common stock and may affect your ability to resell our common stock. THERE IS NO ASSURANCE OF A PUBLIC MARKET OR THAT OUR COMMON STOCK WILL EVER TRADE ON A RECOGNIZED EXCHANGE. THEREFORE, YOU MAY BE UNABLE TO LIQUIDATE YOUR INVESTMENT IN OUR STOCK. There is no established public trading market for our common stock. Our shares have not been listed or quoted on any exchange or quotation system. There can be no assurance that a market maker will agree to file the necessary documents with FINRA, which operates the OTC Markets, nor can there be any assurance that such an application for quotation will be approved or that a regular trading market will develop or that if developed, will be sustained. In the absence of a trading market, an investor may be unable to liquidate their investment. SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS The information contained in this report, including in the documents incorporated by reference into this report, includes some statement that are not purely historical and that are “forward-looking statements.” Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our and their management’s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including our financial condition, results of operations. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words “anticipates,” “believes,” “continue,” “could,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “may,” “might,” “plans,” “possible,” “potential,” “predicts,” “projects,” “seeks,” “should,” “would” and similar expressions, or the negatives of such terms, may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. The forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and the potential effects on the parties and the transaction. There can be no assurance that future developments actually affecting us will be those anticipated. These that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements, including the following forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond the parties’ control) or other assumptions. USE OF PROCEEDS We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of common stock by the selling security holders. All of the net proceeds from the sale of our common stock will go to the selling security holders as described below in the sections entitled “Selling Security Holders” and “Plan of Distribution”. We have agreed to bear the expenses relating to the registration of the common stock for the selling security holders. DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE Since our common stock is not listed or quoted on any exchange or quotation system, the offering price of the shares of common stock was determined by the price of the common stock that was sold to our security holders pursuant to an exemption under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933. The offering price of the shares of our common stock does not necessarily bear any relationship to our book value, assets, past operating results, financial condition or any other established criteria of value. The facts considered in determining the offering price were our financial condition and prospects, our limited operating history and the general condition of the securities market. 11 Although our common stock is not listed on a public exchange, we will be filing to obtain a quotation on the OTC Markets concurrently with the filing of this prospectus. In order to be quoted on the OTC Markets, a market maker must file an application on our behalf in order to make a market for our common stock. There can be no assurance that a market maker will agree to file the necessary documents with FINRA, which operates the OTC Bulletin Board, nor can there be any assurance that such an application for quotation will be approved. In addition, there is no assurance that our common stock will trade at market prices in excess of the initial offering price as prices for the common stock in any public market which may develop will be determined in the marketplace and may be influenced by many factors, including the depth and liquidity. DILUTION The common stock to be sold by the selling shareholders as provided in the “Selling Security Holders” section is common stock that is currently issued. Accordingly, there will be no dilution to our existing shareholders. SELLING SECURITY HOLDERS The common shares being offered for resale by the 39 selling stockholders consist of 3,900,000 shares of common stock previously issued to such shareholders. The following table sets forth the names of the selling security holders, the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by each of the selling stockholders as of the date of our registration statement, of which this prospectus is a part, and the number of shares of common stock being offered by the selling stockholders. The shares being offered hereby are being registered to permit public secondary trading, and the selling stockholders may offer all or part of the shares for resale from time to time. However, the selling stockholders are under no obligation to sell all or any portion of such shares nor are the selling stockholders obligated to sell any shares immediately upon effectiveness of this prospectus. All information with respect to share ownership has been furnished by the selling stockholders. Name Shares Beneficially Owned Prior to Offering Shares to be Offered Amount Beneficially Owned After Offering Percent Beneficially Owned After Offering(1) Peter Banysch 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Richard Banysch 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Wright W Broughton 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % PJ & KM Bills Partnership 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Kim Mary Bills 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Chris Sayer Builders ltd. 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % James Chaffey 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Susan Chaffey 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Roskilda Autos Ltd 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Frances W Christensens 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % RJ Christensen Family Trust 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Robyn M Christensen 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Rodney J Christensen 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % JI Clark 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % David C Cowan 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Christine Margaret Finnigan 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Craig T. Fitzgerald 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Sharon Havre 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Brandon Lemon 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Erin Maher 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Shirley Maher 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Arnulfo Obcena 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Dennis Obcena 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Sunhill Partnership 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Pongaroa Akitio Mail & Freight 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Pongaroa Farm Centre 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Potaka Contracting Ltd 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Hamish D Raleigh 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Ian Scott Raleigh 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Margo A Raleigh 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Michael S Raleigh 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Simon Raleigh 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Stephen Guy Raleigh 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Adoracion Salgado 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Mark Salgado 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Linda Mary Sorensen 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Crosshills Station Ltd 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Elhora Tibayan 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % Cathryn Walker 100,000 100,000 0 0.00 % TOTAL 3,900,000 3,900,000 0 0.00 % (1) Based on 21,900,000 shares outstanding as of May 30, 2013 12 There are no agreements between the company and any selling shareholder pursuant to which the shares subject to this registration statement were issued. None of the selling shareholders or their beneficial owners: - has had a material relationship with us other than as a shareholder at any time within the past three years; or - has ever been one of our officers or directors or an officer or director of our predecessors or affiliates - are broker-dealers or affiliated with broker-dealers. PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION The selling security holders may sell some or all of their shares at a fixed price of $0.01 per share until our shares are quoted on the OTC Markets and thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. Prior to being quoted on the OTC Markets, shareholders may sell their shares in private transactions to other individuals. Although our common stock is not listed on a public exchange, we will be filing to obtain a quotation on the OTC Markets concurrently with the filing of this prospectus. In order to be quoted on the OTC Markets, a market maker must file an application on our behalf in order to make a market for our common stock. There can be no assurance that a market maker will agree to file the necessary documents with FINRA, which operates the OTC Markets, nor can there be any assurance that such an application for quotation will be approved. However, sales by selling security holder must be made at the fixed price of $0.01 until a market develops for the stock. Once a market has developed for our common stock, the shares may be sold or distributed from time to time by the selling stockholders, who may be deemed to be underwriters, directly to one or more purchasers or through brokers or dealers who act solely as agents, at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to such prevailing market prices, at negotiated prices or at fixed prices, which may be changed. The distribution of the shares may be effected in one or more of the following methods: ● ordinary brokers transactions, which may include long or short sales, ● transactions involving cross or block trades on any securities or market where our common stock is trading, market where our common stock is trading, ● through direct sales to purchasers or sales effected through agents, ● through transactions in options, swaps or other derivatives (whether exchange listed of otherwise), or exchange listed or otherwise), or ● any combination of the foregoing. In addition, the selling stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers who may engage in short sales, if short sales were permitted, of shares in the course of hedging the positions they assume with the selling stockholders. The selling stockholders may also enter into option or other transactions with broker-dealers that require the delivery by such broker-dealers of the shares, which shares may be resold thereafter pursuant to this prospectus. None of the selling security holders are broker-dealers or affiliates of broker dealers. 13 We will advise the selling security holders that the anti-manipulation rules of Regulation M under the Exchange Act may apply to sales of shares in the market and to the activities of the selling security holders and their affiliates. In addition, we will make copies of this prospectus (as it may be supplemented or amended from time to time) available to the selling security holders for the purpose of satisfying the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act. The selling security holders may indemnify any broker-dealer that participates in transactions involving the sale of the shares against certain liabilities, including liabilities arising under the Securities Act. Brokers, dealers, or agents participating in the distribution of the shares may receive compensation in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions from the selling stockholders and/or the purchasers of shares for whom such broker-dealers may act as agent or to whom they may sell as principal, or both (which compensation as to a particular broker-dealer may be in excess of customary commissions). Neither the selling stockholders nor we can presently estimate the amount of such compensation. We know of no existing arrangements between the selling stockholders and any other stockholder, broker, dealer or agent relating to the sale or distribution of the shares. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the shares of the selling security holders pursuant to this prospectus. We have agreed to bear the expenses of the registration of the shares, including legal and accounting fees, and such expenses are estimated to be approximately $30,000. Notwithstanding anything set forth herein, no FINRA member will charge commissions that exceed 8% of the total proceeds of the offering. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES TO BE REGISTERED General We are authorized to issue an aggregate number of 1,000,000,000 shares of capital stock, of which 500,000,000 shares are common stock, $0.001 par value per share, and 500,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.001 par value per share authorized. Common Stock We are authorized to issue 500,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share. Currently we have 21,900,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Each share of common stock shall have one (1) vote per share for all purpose. Our common stock does not provide a preemptive, subscription or conversion rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights. Our common stock holders are not entitled to cumulative voting for election of Board of Directors. Preferred Stock We are authorized to issue 500,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.001 par value per share. Currently, no shares of our preferred stock have been designated any rights and we have no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends to our shareholders. The declaration of any future cash dividends is at the discretion of our board of directors (which currently consists of solely Darin Myman) and depends upon our earnings, if any, our capital requirements and financial position, our general economic conditions, and other pertinent conditions. It is our present intention not to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest earnings, if any, in our business operations. Warrants There are no outstanding warrants to purchase our securities. Options There are no outstanding options to purchase our securities. Transfer Agent and Registrar The transfer agent for our common stock is Vstock Transfer, LLC at 77 Spruce Street, Suite 201, Cedarhurst, NY 11516, and its telephone number is (212) 828-8436. Interests of Named Experts and Counsel No expert or counsel named in this prospectus as having prepared or certified any part of this prospectus or having given an opinion upon the validity of the securities being registered or upon other legal matters in connection with the registration or offering of the common stock was employed on a contingency basis, or had, or is to receive, in connection with the offering, a substantial interest, direct or indirect, in the registrant or any of its parents or subsidiaries. Nor was any such person connected with the registrant or any of its parents or subsidiaries as a promoter, managing or principal underwriter, voting trustee, director, officer, or employee. 14 Szaferman, Lakind, Blumstein & Blader, PC located at 101 Grovers Mill Road, Second Floor, Lawrenceville, NJ 08648, will pass on the validity of the common stock being offered pursuant to this registration statement. The financial statements as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, for the years then ended and for the period from March 10, 2011 (inception) to December 31, 2013 included in this prospectus and the registration statement have been audited by Li and Company, PC, an independent registered public accounting firm, to the extent and for the periods set forth in their report appearing elsewhere herein and in the registration statement, and are included in reliance upon such report given upon the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS Overview Worlds Mall, Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated on March 10, 2011 under the laws of the State of Nevada. The Company plans to develop an e-commerce website that will connect retail stores with customers around the world. The Company was formed to develop an e-commerce website that will connect retail stores with customers around the world. We believe that companies tend to market their e-commerce websites within the country or region that they are from and only to customers that speak the language of their country. Our goal is to globalize the retail market by eliminating language barriers along and providing better exposure to such companies. Worlds Mall wants to be a portal for retail sellers to connect to the world. We are a development stage company, and to date, we have limited operating history for investors to evaluate the potential of our business development. As such, we have not built our customer base or our brand name. In addition, our sources of cash are not adequate for the next 12 months of operations. If we are unable to raise additional cash, we will either have to suspend or cease our expansion plans entirely. Our Business Worlds Mall Inc. is a new company that has no revenue. The company has no track record and may never have any revenues. An investment in Worlds Mall Inc. should be considered extremely risky as an investor could lose all of their investment if the company fails to meet their goals and projections. Worlds Mall Inc. is planning on designing and building a virtual 3D website that will allow customers to navigate through a virtual mall of a country of their choice. If a customer in the United States chooses to visit a mall in Italy they will click on or do a search for Italy which will take them to a virtual mall that will display stores based in Italy. The site will translate the language based on the customer’s country of origin. Worlds Mall Inc. will help the smaller retailers with e-commerce sites reach a much larger customer base. Worlds Mall Inc. plans to purchase a license to use language translation software from a software company that has already developed it and that is ready to use. Many companies offer translation software at an annual cost of $5,000 per language. Technical support by the development company is included in the price. Worlds Mall Inc. plans to initially translate nine different languages (English, French, Spanish, Italian, Mandarin, Cantonese, Hindi, German and Japanese. Worlds Mall Inc. plans to purchase a license to use 3D gaming software from a gaming software company that has already been developed and in use. The cost to license this software on an annual basis is $$65,000. Technical support by the development company is included in the price. Worlds Mall Inc's website will be designed to be user friendly to a person who speaks any of the nine languages that the company will translate. Each store that advertises on our website will be responsible for the e-commerce transaction and shipping the product(s) between them and their customer. Worlds Mall Inc. will only charge retailers a small monthly fee of US$29.00 to have a link on their site but estimates that it will generate the majority of its revenue from 'pay per click' advertising. Competition We currently seem to have very little competition in the segment of the market that we are aiming for. When doing 'Google' searches for things like: e-commerce language translation websites, retail language translation websites, shopping on e-commerce websites, shopping on e-commerce websites in Italy etc. we could only find a hand full of retail stores that provide an e-commerce website of their own offering language translation. The companies that we did find appear to be larger stores that would have a large marketing budget. Worlds Mall Inc. will focus on attracting smaller retailers that would not normally market their website to the rest of the world in different languages. 15 Marketing Strategy The company plans to market its retail e-commerce website (www.shopworldsmall.com) on most search engines. The company intends to use 'pay per click' on search engines initially until its website can get a good ranking generically. The company also will use 'pay per click' advertising on other websites that it feels will reach the correct customers. The company intends to search for and contact retailers to advertise on its website. The company will use many means to acquire customers such as doing web searches and visiting retailers in person. The company will initially offer retailers to advertise their company on its website free of charge so they can establish a base of retailers on its site. The company feels that this will make their website appear more viable to retailers that might be willing to pay to advertise in the future. Government Regulation We do not expect any governmental regulations to have an impact on any of our planned business operations. The Company is aware of and will be responsible for its corporate taxes, payroll taxes, SEC filings, and business licenses. New laws or regulations may impact our ability to market our website in the future. However, we are not aware of any pending laws or regulations that would presently have an impact on our business. Employees As of May 30, 2014, the Company has 2 part-time employees, consisting of our President and Treasurer, Thomas Wikstrom, and our Secretary, Horst Helmrich. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY Our principal executive office is located at 5841 East Charleston Blvd. #230 Las Vegas, NV 89123, and our telephone number is (208) 371 8802. The President and Treasurer, (Thomas Wikstrom) operates out of his home office. As of October 7, 2013, the Company leased its corporate mailing address for an annual fee of $441. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS From time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise, in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. We are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS There is presently no public market for our shares of common stock. We anticipate applying for quoting of our common stock on the OTC Markets upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms apart. However, we can provide no assurance that our shares of common stock will be quoted on the OTC Markets or, if quoted, that a public market will materialize. Holders of Capital Stock As of the date of this registration statement, we had 40 holders of our common stock. Rule 144 Shares As of the date of this registration statement, we do not have any shares of our common stock that are currently available for sale to the public in accordance with the volume and trading limitations of Rule 144. Stock Option Grants We do not have a stock option plan in place and have not granted any stock options at this time. 16 Worlds Mall, Inc. March 31, 2014 and 2013 Index to the Financial Statements Contents Page(s) Balance sheets at March 31, 2014 (unaudited) and December 31, 2013 F-2 Statements of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2014 and 2013 and for the period from March 10, 2011 (inception) through March 31, 2014 (unaudited) F-3 Statement of stockholders’ equity (deficit) for the period from March 10, 2011 (inception) through March 31, 2014 (unaudited) F-4 Statements of cash flows for the three months ended March 31, 2014 and 2013 and for the period from March 10, 2011 (inception) through March 31, 2014 (unaudited) F-5 Notes to the financial statements (unaudited) F-6 F- 1 Worlds Mall, Inc. (A Development Stage Company) Balance Sheets March 31, 2014 December 31, 2013 (Unaudited) Assets Current Assets Cash $ 46,960 $ 46,120 Stock subscription receivable - 1,000 Total current assets 46,960 47,120 Total Assets $ 46,960 $ 47,120 Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current Liabilities Advances from stockholder $ 1,648 $ 1,648 Total current liabilities 1,648 1,648 Stockholders' Equity Preferred stock par value $0.001: 500,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding - - Common stock par value $0.001: 500,000,000 shares authorized; 21,900,000 shares issued and outstanding 21,900 21,900 Additional paid-in capital 48,100 48,100 Deficit accumulated during the development stage (24,688 ) (24,528 ) Total Stockholders' Equity 45,312 45,472 Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity $ 46,960 $ 47,120 See accompanying notes to the financial statements. F- 2 Worlds Mall, Inc. (A Development Stage Company) Statements of Operations For the Period from For the Three Months For the Three Months March 10, 2011 Ended Ended (inception) through March 31, 2014 March 31, 2013 March 31, 2014 (Unaudited) (Unaudited) (Unaudited) Revenue earned during the development stage $ - $ - $ - Operating expenses Professional fees 99 - 6,008 Salary and wages - officer - - 18,000 General and administrative expenses 61 18 680 Total operating expenses 160 18 24,688 Loss before income tax provision (160 ) (18 ) (24,688 ) Income tax provision - - - Net loss $ (160 ) $ (18 ) $ (24,688 ) Net loss per common share - Basic and Diluted $ (0.00 ) $ (0.00 ) Weighted average common shares outstanding - Basic and Diluted 21,900,000 19,165,550 See accompanying notes to the financial statements. F- 3 Worlds Mall, Inc. (A Development Stage Company) Statement of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) For the period from March 10, 2011 (inception) through March 31, 2014 (Unaudited) Common Stock Par Value $0.001 Number of Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Deficit Accumulated during the Development Stage Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) March 10, 2011 ( inception ) - $ - $ - $ - $ - Common shares issued for compensation upon formation valued at $0.001 per share 18,000,000 18,000 18,000 Net loss (18,000 ) (18,000 ) Balance, December 31, 2011 18,000,000 18,000 - (18,000 ) - Net loss (64 ) (64 ) Balance, December 31, 2012 18,000,000 18,000 - (18,064 ) (64 ) Capital contribution 13,000 13,000 Issuance of common shares for cash at $0.01 per share between January 11, 2013 and November 7, 2013 3,900,000 3,900 35,100 39,000 Net loss (6,464 ) (6,464 ) Balance, December 31, 2013 21,900,000 21,900 48,100 (24,528 ) 45,472 Net loss (160 ) (160 ) Balance, March 31, 2014 21,900,000 $ 21,900 $ 48,100 $ (24,688 ) $ 45,312 See accompanying notes to the financial statements. F- 4 Worlds Mall, Inc. (A Development Stage Company) Statements of Cash Flows For the Period from For the Three Months For the Three Months March 10, 2011 Ended Ended (inception) through March 31, 2014 March 31, 2013 March 31, 2014 (Unaudited) (Unaudited) (Unaudited) Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net loss $ (160 ) $ (18 ) $ (24,688 ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Common shares issued for compensation - - 18,000 Net Cash Used in Operating Activities (160 ) (18 ) (6,688 ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Advances from (repayment to) stockholder - - 1,648 Proceeds from sale of common shares 1,000 24,000 39,000 Capital contribution - - 13,000 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 1,000 24,000 53,648 Net Change in Cash 840 23,982 46,960 Cash - beginning of the reporting period 46,120 1,936 - Cash - end of the reporting period $ 46,960 $ 25,918 $ 46,960 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Interest paid $ - $ - $ - Income tax paid $ - $ - $ - See accompanying notes to the financial statements. F- 5 Worlds Mall, Inc. (A Development Stage Company) March 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013 Notes to the Financial Statements (Unaudited) Note 1 - Organization and Operations Worlds Mall, Inc. Worlds Mall, Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated on March 10, 2011 under the laws of the State of Nevada. The Company plans to develop an e-commerce website that will connect retail stores with customers around the world. Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies The Management of the Company is responsible for the selection and use of appropriate accounting policies and the appropriateness of accounting policies and their application. Critical accounting policies and practices are those that are both most important to the portrayal of the Company’s financial condition and results and require management’s most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. The Company’s significant and critical accounting policies and practices are disclosed below as required by generally accepted accounting principles. Basis of Presentation – Unaudited Interim Financial Information The accompanying unaudited interim financial statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”) for the interim financial information, and with the rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. The unaudited interim financial statements furnished reflect all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to a fair statement of the results for the interim period presented. Unaudited interim results are not necessarily indicative of the results for the full fiscal year. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2013 and notes thereto contained in the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1, of which this Prospectus is a part. Use of Estimates and Assumptions and Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date(s) of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period(s). Critical accounting estimates are estimates for which (a) the nature of the estimate is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change and (b) the impact of the estimate on financial condition or operating performance is material. The Company’s critical accounting estimates and assumptions affecting the financial statements were: (i) Assumption as a going concern : Management assumes that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business ; (ii) Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets : Management assumes that the realization of the Company’s net deferred tax assets resulting from its net operating loss (“NOL”) carry–forwards for Federal income tax purposes that may be offset against future taxable income was not considered more likely than not and accordingly, the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are offset by a full valuation allowance. Management made this assumption based on (a) the Company has incurred recurring losses, (b) general economic conditions, (d) its ability to raise additional funds to support its daily operations by way of a public or private offering, among other factors. These significant accounting estimates or assumptions bear the risk of change due to the fact that there are uncertainties attached to these estimates or assumptions, and certain estimates or assumptions are difficult to measure or value. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. F- 6 Management regularly evaluates the key factors and assumptions used to develop the estimates utilizing currently available information, changes in facts and circumstances, historical experience and reasonable assumptions. After such evaluations, if deemed appropriate, those estimates are adjusted accordingly. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Development Stage Company The Company is a development stage company as defined by section 915-10-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. The Company is devoting substantially all of its efforts on establishing the business and its planned principal operations have not commenced. All losses accumulated since inception have been considered as part of the Company's development stage activities. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The Company follows paragraph 825-10-50-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (“Paragraph 820-10-35-37”) to measure the fair value of its financial instruments. Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. To increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements and related disclosures, Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three (3) broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The three (3) levels of fair value hierarchy defined by Paragraph 820-10-35-37 are described below: Level 1 Quoted market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Level 2 Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. Level 3 Pricing inputs that are generally observable inputs and not corroborated by market data. Financial assets are considered Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. If the inputs used to measure the financial assets and liabilities fall within more than one level described above, the categorization is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the instrument. The carrying amounts of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities, such as cash approximate its fair value because of the short maturity of this instrument. Transactions involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm's-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive, free-market dealings may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the related party transactions were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's-length transactions unless such representations can be substantiated. Cash Equivalents The Company considers all highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. Related Parties The Company follows subtopic 850-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. F- 7 Pursuant to Section 850-10-20 the related parties include a. affiliates of the Company; b. entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required, absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825–10–15, to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; c. trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; d. principal owners of the Company; e. management of the Company; f. other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and g. other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. The financial statements shall include disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, expense allowances, and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated in the preparation of consolidated or combined financial statements is not required in those statements. The disclosures shall include: a. the nature of the relationship(s) involved; b. a description of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed, for each of the periods for which income statements are presented, and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; c. the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period; and d. amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement. Commitment and Contingencies The Company follows subtopic 450-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report accounting for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist as of the date the financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein. If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company’s financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potential material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, and an estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and material, would be disclosed. Loss contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed. Management does not believe, based upon information available at this time, that these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, there is no assurance that such matters will not materially and adversely affect the Company’s business, financial position, and results of operations or cash flows. Revenue Recognition The Company follows paragraph 605-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for revenue recognition. The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned. The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer, (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. Stock-Based Compensation for Obtaining Employee Services The Company accounts for its stock based compensation in which the Company obtains employee services in share-based payment transactions under the recognition and measurement principles of the fair value recognition provisions of section 718-10-30 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Pursuant to paragraph 718-10-30-6 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, all transactions in which goods or services are the consideration received for the issuance of equity instruments are accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The measurement date used to determine the fair value of the equity instrument issued is the earlier of the date on which the performance is complete or the date on which it is probable that performance will occur. If the Company is a newly formed corporation or shares of the Company are thinly traded the use of share prices established in the Company’s most recent private placement memorandum (PPM”), or weekly or monthly price observations would generally be more appropriate than the use of daily price observations as such shares could be artificially inflated due to a larger spread between the bid and asked quotes and lack of consistent trading in the market. F- 8 The fair value of share options and similar instruments is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-pricing valuation model. The ranges of assumptions for inputs are as follows: · Expected term of share options and similar instruments: The expected life of options and similar instruments represents the period of time the option and/or warrant are expected to be outstanding. Pursuant to Paragraph 718-10-50-2(f)(2)(i) of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification the expected term of share options and similar instruments represents the period of time the options and similar instruments are expected to be outstanding taking into consideration of the contractual term of the instruments and employees’ expected exercise and post-vesting employment termination behavior into the fair value (or calculated value) of the instruments. Pursuant to paragraph 718-10-S99-1, it may be appropriate to use the simplified method , i.e., expected term = ((vesting term + original contractual term) / 2) , if (i) A company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term due to the limited period of time its equity shares have been publicly traded; (ii) A company significantly changes the terms of its share option grants or the types of employees that receive share option grants such that its historical exercise data may no longer provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term; or (iii) A company has or expects to have significant structural changes in its business such that its historical exercise data may no longer provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term. The Company uses the simplified method to calculate expected term of share options and similar instruments as the company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term. · Expected volatility of the entity’s shares and the method used to estimate it. Pursuant to ASC Paragraph 718-10-50-2(f)(2)(ii) a thinly-traded or nonpublic entity that uses the calculated value method shall disclose the reasons why it is not practicable for the Company to estimate the expected volatility of its share price, the appropriate industry sector index that it has selected, the reasons for selecting that particular index, and how it has calculated historical volatility using that index. The Company uses the average historical volatility of the comparable companies over the expected contractual life of the share options or similar instruments as its expected volatility. If shares of a company are thinly traded the use of weekly or monthly price observations would generally be more appropriate than the use of daily price observations as the volatility calculation using daily observations for such shares could be artificially inflated due to a larger spread between the bid and asked quotes and lack of consistent trading in the market. · Expected annual rate of quarterly dividends. An entity that uses a method that employs different dividend rates during the contractual term shall disclose the range of expected dividends used and the weighted-average expected dividends. The expected dividend yield is based on the Company’s current dividend yield as the best estimate of projected dividend yield for periods within the expected term of the share options and similar instruments. · Risk-free rate(s). An entity that uses a method that employs different risk-free rates shall disclose the range of risk-free rates used. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for periods within the expected term of the share options and similar instruments. The Company’s policy is to recognize compensation cost for awards with only service conditions and a graded vesting schedule on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. Income Tax Provision The Company accounts for income taxes under Section 740-10-30 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based upon differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent management concludes it is more likely than not that the assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the statements of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company adopted section 740-10-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (“Section 740-10-25”). Section 740-10-25 addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under Section 740-10-25, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent (50%) likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Section 740-10-25 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures. F- 9 The estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities are reported in the accompanying balance sheets, as well as tax credit carry-backs and carry-forwards. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of deferred tax assets recorded on its balance sheets and provides valuation allowances as management deems necessary. Management makes judgments as to the interpretation of the tax laws that might be challenged upon an audit and cause changes to previous estimates of tax liability. In addition, the Company operates within multiple taxing jurisdictions and is subject to audit in these jurisdictions. In management’s opinion, adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for all years. If actual taxable income by tax jurisdiction varies from estimates, additional allowances or reversals of reserves may be necessary. Uncertain Tax Positions The Company did not take any uncertain tax positions and had no adjustments to its income tax liabilities or benefits pursuant to the provisions of Section 740-10-25 for the reporting period ended March 31, 2014 or 2013. Net Income (Loss) per Common Share Net income (loss) per common share is computed pursuant to section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Basic net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock and potentially dilutive outstanding shares of common stock during the period to reflect the potential dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through contingent share arrangements, stock options and warrants. There were no potentially dilutive common shares outstanding for the reporting period ended March 31, 2014 or 2013. Cash Flows Reporting The Company adopted paragraph 230-10-45-24 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for cash flows reporting, classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether they stem from operating, investing, or financing activities and provides definitions of each category, and uses the indirect or reconciliation method (“Indirect method”) as defined by paragraph 230-10-45-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting net income to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating activities by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating cash receipts and payments and (b) all items that are included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments. The Company reports the reporting currency equivalent of foreign currency cash flows, using the current exchange rate at the time of the cash flows and the effect of exchange rate changes on cash held in foreign currencies is reported as a separate item in the reconciliation of beginning and ending balances of cash and cash equivalents and separately provides information about investing and financing activities not resulting in cash receipts or payments in the period pursuant to paragraph 830-230-45-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Subsequent Events The Company follows the guidance in Section 855-10-50 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the disclosure of subsequent events. The Company will evaluate subsequent events through the date when the financial statements were issued. Pursuant to ASU 2010-09 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, the Company as an SEC filer considers its financial statements issued when they are widely distributed to users, such as through filing them on EDGAR. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements In July 2013, the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-11, Income Tax (Topic 740): Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward, a Similar Tax Loss, or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists. This ASU provides guidance on the financial statement presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward exists. An unrecognized tax benefit, or a portion of an unrecognized tax benefit, should be presented in the financial statements as a reduction to a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward, except as follows. To the extent a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward is not available at the reporting date under the tax law of the applicable jurisdiction to settle any additional income taxes that would result from the disallowance of a tax position or the tax law of the applicable jurisdiction does not require the entity to use, and the entity does not intend to use, the deferred tax asset for such purpose, the unrecognized tax benefit should be presented in the financial statements as a liability and should not be combined with deferred tax assets. The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2013. F- 10 In April 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-08, Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant, and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity. The amendments in this Update change the requirements for reporting discontinued operations in Subtopic 205-20. Under the new guidance, a discontinued operation is defined as a disposal of a component or group of components that is disposed of or is classified as held for sale and “represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity’s operations and financial results.” The ASU states that a strategic shift could include a disposal of (i) a major geographical area of operations, (ii) a major line of business, (iii) a major equity method investment, or (iv) other major parts of an entity. Although “major” is not defined, the standard provides examples of when a disposal qualifies as a discontinued operation. The ASU also requires additional disclosures about discontinued operations that will provide more information about the assets, liabilities, income and expenses of discontinued operations. In addition, the ASU requires disclosure of the pre-tax profit or loss attributable to a disposal of an individually significant component of an entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations presentation in the financial statements. The ASU is effective for public business entities for annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2014, and interim periods within those years. Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Note 3 – Going Concern The financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As reflected in the financial statements, the Company had a deficit accumulated during the development stage at March 31, 2014, a net loss and net cash used in operating activities for the reporting period then ended. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company is attempting to commence operations and generate sufficient revenue; however, the Company’s cash position may not be sufficient to support its daily operations. While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to commence operations and generate sufficient revenue and in its ability to raise additional funds, there can be no assurances to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenue and in its ability to raise additional funds. The financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Note 4 – Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit) Shares Authorized Upon formation the total number of shares of all classes of stock which the Company is authorized to issue is One Billion (1,000,000,000) shares of which Five Hundred Million (500,000,000) shares shall be Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share, and Five Hundred Million (500,000,000) shares shall be Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share. Common Stock On March 10, 2011, upon formation, the Company issued an aggregate of 18,000,000 shares of its common stock to the founders of the Company, valued at par, or $18,000, as compensation. For the period from January 11, 2013 through November 11, 2013, the Company sold 3,900,000 shares of common stock at $0.01 per share to 39 individuals, or $39,000, $38,000 was received in cash and $1,000 was received as a stock subscription receivable which was collected on January 17, 2014. The Company presented the stock subscription receivable of $1,000 as a current assets as the receivable was paid in cash prior to the publication of the financial statements and the payment date is stated herewith in the note to the financial statements. F- 11 Capital Contribution During the year ended December 31, 2013, a significant stockholder of the Company contributed $13,000 to the Company which was recorded as additional paid-in capital. Note 5 – Related Party Transactions Free Office Space The Company has been provided office space by its Chief Executive Officer at no cost. The management determined that such cost is nominal and did not recognize the rent expense in its financial statement. Note 6 – Subsequent Events The Company has evaluated all events that occur after the balance sheet date through the date when the financial statements were issued to determine if they must be reported. The Management of the Company determined that there were no reportable subsequent event(s) to be disclosed. F- 12 Worlds Mall, Inc. December 31, 2013 and 2012 Index to the Financial Statements Contents Page(s) Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Balance sheets at December 31, 2013 and 2012 F-3 Statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 and for the period from March 10, 2011 (inception) through December 31, 2013 F-4 Statement of stockholders’ equity (deficit) for the period from March 10, 2011 (inception) through December 31, 2013 F-5 Statements of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 and for the period from March 10, 2011 (inception) through December 31, 2013 F-6 Notes to the financial statements F-7 F- 1 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Worlds Mall, Inc. (A Development Stage Company) We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Worlds Mall, Inc. (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 and the related statements of operations, stockholders’ equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years then ended and for the period from March 10, 2011 (inception) through December 31, 2013. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended and for the period from March 10, 2011 (inception) through December 31, 2013 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company had a deficit accumulated during the development stage at December 31, 2013, a net loss and net cash used in operating activities for the year then ended. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans in regards to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. /s/Li and Company, PC Li and Company, PC Skillman, New Jersey June 5, 2014 F- 2 Worlds Mall, Inc. (A Development Stage Company) Balance Sheets December 31, 2013 December 31, 2012 Assets Current Assets Cash $ 46,120 $ 1,936 Stock subscription receivable 1,000 - Total current assets 47,120 1,936 Total Assets $ 47,120 $ 1,936 Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) Current Liabilities Advances from stockholder $ 1,648 $ 2,000 Total current liabilities 1,648 2,000 Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) Preferred stock par value $0.001: 500,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding - - Common stock par value $0.001: 500,000,000 shares authorized; 21,900,000 and 18,000,000 shares issued and outstanding, respectively 21,900 18,000 Additional paid-in capital 48,100 - Deficit accumulated during the development stage (24,528 ) (18,064 ) Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 45,472 (64 ) Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) $ 47,120 $ 1,936 See accompanying notes to the financial statements. F- 3 Worlds Mall, Inc. (A Development Stage Company) Statements of Operations For the Period from For the Year For the Year March 10, 2011 Ended Ended (inception) through December 31, 2013 December 31, 2012 December 31, 2013 Revenue earned during the development stage $ - $ - $ - Operating expenses Professional fees 5,909 - 5,909 Salary and wages - officer - - 18,000 General and administrative expenses 555 64 619 Total operating expenses 6,464 64 24,528 Loss before income tax provision (6,464 ) (64 ) (24,528 ) Income tax provision - - - Net loss $ (6,464 ) $ (64 ) $ (24,528 ) Net loss per common share - Basic and Diluted $ (0.00 ) $ (0.00 ) Weighted average common shares outstanding - Basic and Diluted 21,040,000 18,000,000 See accompanying notes to the financial statements. F- 4 Worlds Mall, Inc. (A Development Stage Company) Statement of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) For the period from March 10, 2011 (inception) through December 31, 2013 Common Stock Par Value $0.001 Deficit Accumulated Number of Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital during the Development Stage Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) March 10, 2011 ( inception ) - $ - $ - $ - $ - Common shares issued for compensation upon formation valued at $0.001 per share 18,000,000 18,000 18,000 Net loss (18,000 ) (18,000 ) Balance, December 31, 2011 18,000,000 18,000 - (18,000 ) - Net loss (64 ) (64 ) Balance, December 31, 2012 18,000,000 18,000 - (18,064 ) (64 ) Capital contribution 13,000 13,000 Issuance of common shares for cash at $0.01 per share between January 11, 2013 and November 7, 2013 3,900,000 3,900 35,100 39,000 Net loss (6,464 ) (6,464 ) Balance, December 31, 2013 21,900,000 $ 21,900 $ 48,100 $ (24,528 ) $ 45,472 See accompanying notes to the financial statements. F- 5 Worlds Mall, Inc. (A Development Stage Company) Statements of Cash Flows For the Period from For the Year For the Year March 10, 2011 Ended Ended (inception) through December 31, 2013 December 31, 2012 December 31, 2013 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net loss $ (6,464 ) $ (64 ) $ (24,528 ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Common shares issued for compensation - - 18,000 Net Cash Used in Operating Activities (6,464 ) (64 ) (6,528 ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Advances from (repayment to) stockholder (352 ) 2,000 1,648 Proceeds from sale of common shares 38,000 - 38,000 Capital contribution 13,000 - 13,000 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 50,648 2,000 52,648 Net Change in Cash 44,184 1,936 46,120 Cash - beginning of the reporting period 1,936 - - Cash - end of the reporting period $ 46,120 $ 1,936 $ 46,120 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Interest paid $ - $ - $ - Income tax paid $ - $ - $ - Non-cash Investing and Financing Activities: Common stock issued as stock subscription receiveable $ 1,000 $ - $ 1,000 See accompanying notes to the financial statements. F- 6 Worlds Mall, Inc. (A Development Stage Company) December 31, 2013 and 2012 Notes to the Financial Statements Note 1 - Organization and Operations Worlds Mall, Inc. Worlds Mall, Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated on March 10, 2011 under the laws of the State of Nevada. The Company plans to develop an e-commerce website that will connect retail stores with customers around the world. Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies The Management of the Company is responsible for the selection and use of appropriate accounting policies and the appropriateness of accounting policies and their application. Critical accounting policies and practices are those that are both most important to the portrayal of the Company’s financial condition and results and require management’s most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. The Company’s significant and critical accounting policies and practices are disclosed below as required by generally accepted accounting principles. Basis of Presentation The Company’s financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”). Use of Estimates and Assumptions and Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date(s) of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period(s). Critical accounting estimates are estimates for which (a) the nature of the estimate is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change and (b) the impact of the estimate on financial condition or operating performance is material. The Company’s critical accounting estimates and assumptions affecting the financial statements were: (i) Assumption as a going concern : Management assumes that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business ; (ii) Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets : Management assumes that the realization of the Company’s net deferred tax assets resulting from its net operating loss (“NOL”) carry–forwards for Federal income tax purposes that may be offset against future taxable income was not considered more likely than not and accordingly, the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are offset by a full valuation allowance. Management made this assumption based on (a) the Company has incurred recurring losses, (b) general economic conditions, (d) its ability to raise additional funds to support its daily operations by way of a public or private offering, among other factors. These significant accounting estimates or assumptions bear the risk of change due to the fact that there are uncertainties attached to these estimates or assumptions, and certain estimates or assumptions are difficult to measure or value. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Management regularly evaluates the key factors and assumptions used to develop the estimates utilizing currently available information, changes in facts and circumstances, historical experience and reasonable assumptions. After such evaluations, if deemed appropriate, those estimates are adjusted accordingly. Actual results could differ from those estimates. F- 7 Development Stage Company The Company is a development stage company as defined by section 915-10-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. The Company is devoting substantially all of its efforts on establishing the business and its planned principal operations have not commenced. All losses accumulated since inception have been considered as part of the Company's development stage activities. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The Company follows paragraph 825-10-50-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (“Paragraph 820-10-35-37”) to measure the fair value of its financial instruments. Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. To increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements and related disclosures, Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three (3) broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The three (3) levels of fair value hierarchy defined by Paragraph 820-10-35-37 are described below: Level 1 Quoted market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Level 2 Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. Level 3 Pricing inputs that are generally observable inputs and not corroborated by market data. Financial assets are considered Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. If the inputs used to measure the financial assets and liabilities fall within more than one level described above, the categorization is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the instrument. The carrying amounts of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities, such as cash approximate its fair value because of the short maturity of this instrument. Transactions involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm's-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive, free-market dealings may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the related party transactions were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's-length transactions unless such representations can be substantiated. Cash Equivalents The Company considers all highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. Related Parties The Company follows subtopic 850-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. Pursuant to Section 850-10-20 the related parties include a. affiliates of the Company; b. entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required, absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825–10–15, to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; c. trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; d. principal owners of the Company; e. management of the Company; f. other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and g. other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. F- 8 The financial statements shall include disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, expense allowances, and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated in the preparation of consolidated or combined financial statements is not required in those statements. The disclosures shall include: a. the nature of the relationship(s) involved; b. a description of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed, for each of the periods for which income statements are presented, and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; c. the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period; and d. amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement. Commitment and Contingencies The Company follows subtopic 450-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report accounting for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist as of the date the financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein. If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company’s financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potential material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, and an estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and material, would be disclosed. Loss contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed. Management does not believe, based upon information available at this time, that these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, there is no assurance that such matters will not materially and adversely affect the Company’s business, financial position, and results of operations or cash flows. Revenue Recognition The Company follows paragraph 605-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for revenue recognition. The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned. The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer, (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. Stock-Based Compensation for Obtaining Employee Services The Company accounts for its stock based compensation in which the Company obtains employee services in share-based payment transactions under the recognition and measurement principles of the fair value recognition provisions of section 718-10-30 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Pursuant to paragraph 718-10-30-6 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, all transactions in which goods or services are the consideration received for the issuance of equity instruments are accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The measurement date used to determine the fair value of the equity instrument issued is the earlier of the date on which the performance is complete or the date on which it is probable that performance will occur. If the Company is a newly formed corporation or shares of the Company are thinly traded the use of share prices established in the Company’s most recent private placement memorandum (PPM”), or weekly or monthly price observations would generally be more appropriate than the use of daily price observations as such shares could be artificially inflated due to a larger spread between the bid and asked quotes and lack of consistent trading in the market. The fair value of share options and similar instruments is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-pricing valuation model. The ranges of assumptions for inputs are as follows: F- 9 · Expected term of share options and similar instruments: The expected life of options and similar instruments represents the period of time the option and/or warrant are expected to be outstanding. Pursuant to Paragraph 718-10-50-2(f)(2)(i) of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification the expected term of share options and similar instruments represents the period of time the options and similar instruments are expected to be outstanding taking into consideration of the contractual term of the instruments and employees’ expected exercise and post-vesting employment termination behavior into the fair value (or calculated value) of the instruments. Pursuant to paragraph 718-10-S99-1, it may be appropriate to use the simplified method , i.e., expected term = ((vesting term + original contractual term) / 2) , if (i) A company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term due to the limited period of time its equity shares have been publicly traded; (ii) A company significantly changes the terms of its share option grants or the types of employees that receive share option grants such that its historical exercise data may no longer provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term; or (iii) A company has or expects to have significant structural changes in its business such that its historical exercise data may no longer provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term. The Company uses the simplified method to calculate expected term of share options and similar instruments as the company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term. · Expected volatility of the entity’s shares and the method used to estimate it. Pursuant to ASC Paragraph 718-10-50-2(f)(2)(ii) a thinly-traded or nonpublic entity that uses the calculated value method shall disclose the reasons why it is not practicable for the Company to estimate the expected volatility of its share price, the appropriate industry sector index that it has selected, the reasons for selecting that particular index, and how it has calculated historical volatility using that index. The Company uses the average historical volatility of the comparable companies over the expected contractual life of the share options or similar instruments as its expected volatility. If shares of a company are thinly traded the use of weekly or monthly price observations would generally be more appropriate than the use of daily price observations as the volatility calculation using daily observations for such shares could be artificially inflated due to a larger spread between the bid and asked quotes and lack of consistent trading in the market. · Expected annual rate of quarterly dividends. An entity that uses a method that employs different dividend rates during the contractual term shall disclose the range of expected dividends used and the weighted-average expected dividends. The expected dividend yield is based on the Company’s current dividend yield as the best estimate of projected dividend yield for periods within the expected term of the share options and similar instruments. · Risk-free rate(s). An entity that uses a method that employs different risk-free rates shall disclose the range of risk-free rates used. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for periods within the expected term of the share options and similar instruments. The Company’s policy is to recognize compensation cost for awards with only service conditions and a graded vesting schedule on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. Income Tax Provision The Company accounts for income taxes under Section 740-10-30 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based upon differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent management concludes it is more likely than not that the assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the statements of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company adopted section 740-10-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (“Section 740-10-25”). Section 740-10-25 addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under Section 740-10-25, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent (50%) likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Section 740-10-25 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures. The estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities are reported in the accompanying balance sheets, as well as tax credit carry-backs and carry-forwards. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of deferred tax assets recorded on its balance sheets and provides valuation allowances as management deems necessary. Management makes judgments as to the interpretation of the tax laws that might be challenged upon an audit and cause changes to previous estimates of tax liability. In addition, the Company operates within multiple taxing jurisdictions and is subject to audit in these jurisdictions. In management’s opinion, adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for all years. If actual taxable income by tax jurisdiction varies from estimates, additional allowances or reversals of reserves may be necessary. F- 10 Uncertain Tax Positions The Company did not take any uncertain tax positions and had no adjustments to its income tax liabilities or benefits pursuant to the provisions of Section 740-10-25 for the year ended December 31, 2013 or 2012. Net Income (Loss) per Common Share Net income (loss) per common share is computed pursuant to section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Basic net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock and potentially dilutive outstanding shares of common stock during the period to reflect the potential dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through contingent share arrangements, stock options and warrants. There were no potentially dilutive common shares outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2013 or 2012. Cash Flows Reporting The Company adopted paragraph 230-10-45-24 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for cash flows reporting, classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether they stem from operating, investing, or financing activities and provides definitions of each category, and uses the indirect or reconciliation method (“Indirect method”) as defined by paragraph 230-10-45-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting net income to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating activities by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating cash receipts and payments and (b) all items that are included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments. The Company reports the reporting currency equivalent of foreign currency cash flows, using the current exchange rate at the time of the cash flows and the effect of exchange rate changes on cash held in foreign currencies is reported as a separate item in the reconciliation of beginning and ending balances of cash and cash equivalents and separately provides information about investing and financing activities not resulting in cash receipts or payments in the period pursuant to paragraph 830-230-45-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Subsequent Events In July 2013, the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-11, Income Tax (Topic 740): Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward, a Similar Tax Loss, or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists. This ASU provides guidance on the financial statement presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward exists. An unrecognized tax benefit, or a portion of an unrecognized tax benefit, should be presented in the financial statements as a reduction to a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward, except as follows. To the extent a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward is not available at the reporting date under the tax law of the applicable jurisdiction to settle any additional income taxes that would result from the disallowance of a tax position or the tax law of the applicable jurisdiction does not require the entity to use, and the entity does not intend to use, the deferred tax asset for such purpose, the unrecognized tax benefit should be presented in the financial statements as a liability and should not be combined with deferred tax assets. The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2013. In April 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-08, Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant, and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity. The amendments in this Update change the requirements for reporting discontinued operations in Subtopic 205-20. Under the new guidance, a discontinued operation is defined as a disposal of a component or group of components that is disposed of or is classified as held for sale and “represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity’s operations and financial results.” The ASU states that a strategic shift could include a disposal of (i) a major geographical area of operations, (ii) a major line of business, (iii) a major equity method investment, or (iv) other major parts of an entity. Although “major” is not defined, the standard provides examples of when a disposal qualifies as a discontinued operation. The ASU also requires additional disclosures about discontinued operations that will provide more information about the assets, liabilities, income and expenses of discontinued operations. In addition, the ASU requires disclosure of the pre-tax profit or loss attributable to a disposal of an individually significant component of an entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations presentation in the financial statements. F- 11 The ASU is effective for public business entities for annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2014, and interim periods within those years. Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Note 3 – Going Concern The financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As reflected in the financial statements, the Company had a deficit accumulated during the development stage at December 31, 2013, a net loss and net cash used in operating activities for the year then ended. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company is attempting to commence operations and generate sufficient revenue; however, the Company’s cash position may not be sufficient to support its daily operations. While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to commence operations and generate sufficient revenue and in its ability to raise additional funds, there can be no assurances to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenue and in its ability to raise additional funds. The financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Note 4 – Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit) Shares Authorized Upon formation the total number of shares of all classes of stock which the Company is authorized to issue is One Billion (1,000,000,000) shares of which Five Hundred Million (500,000,000) shares shall be Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share, and Five Hundred Million (500,000,000) shares shall be Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share. Common Stock On March 10, 2011, upon formation, the Company issued an aggregate of 18,000,000 shares of its common stock to the founders of the Company, valued at par, or $18,000, as compensation. For the period from January 11, 2013 through November 11, 2013, the Company sold 3,900,000 shares of common stock at $0.01 per share to 39 individuals, or $39,000 in aggregate, $38,000 was received in cash and $1,000 was received as a stock subscription receivable which was collected on January 17, 2014. The Company presented the stock subscription receivable of $1,000 as a current assets as the receivable was paid in cash prior to the publication of the financial statements and the payment date is stated herewith in the note to the financial statements. Capital Contribution During the year ended December 31, 2013, a significant stockholder of the Company contributed $13,000 to the Company which was recorded as additional paid-in capital. Note 5 – Related Party Transactions Free Office Space The Company has been provided office space by its Chief Executive Officer at no cost. The management determined that such cost is nominal and did not recognize the rent expense in its financial statement. F- 12 Note 6 – Income Tax Provision Deferred Tax Assets At December 31, 2013, the Company had net operating loss (“NOL”) carry–forwards for Federal income tax purposes of $24,528 that may be offset against future taxable income through 2033. No tax benefit has been recorded with respect to these net operating loss carry-forwards in the accompanying consolidated financial statements as the management of the Company believes that the realization of the Company’s net deferred tax assets of approximately $8,340 was not considered more likely than not and accordingly, the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are offset by the full valuation allowance. Deferred tax assets consist primarily of the tax effect of NOL carry-forwards. The Company has provided a full valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets because of the uncertainty regarding its realization. The valuation allowance increased approximately $2,198 and $22 for the year ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Components of deferred tax assets at December 31, 2013 and 2012 are as follows: December 31, 2013 December 31, 2012 Net deferred tax assets – Non-current: Expected income tax benefit from NOL carry-forwards $ 8,340 $ 6,142 Less valuation allowance (8,340 ) (6,142 ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance $ - $ - Income Tax Provision in the Statements of Operations A reconciliation of the federal statutory income tax rate and the effective income tax rate as a percentage of income before income taxes is as follows: For the Year Ended December 31, 2013 For the Year Ended December 31, 2012 Federal statutory income tax rate 34.0 % 34.0 % Increase (reduction) in income tax provision resulting from: Net operating loss (“NOL”) carry-forwards (34.0 ) (34.0 ) Effective income tax rate 0.0 % 0.0 % Note 7 – Subsequent Events The Company has evaluated all events that occur after the balance sheet date through the date when the financial statements were issued to determine if they must be reported. The Management of the Company determined that there were no reportable subsequent event(s) to be disclosed. F- 13 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULT OF OPERATIONS The following plan of operation provides information which management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our results of operations and financial condition. The discussion should be read along with our financial statements and notes thereto. This section includes a number of forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. Forward-looking statements are often identified by words like believe, expect, estimate, anticipate, intend, project and similar expressions, or words which, by their nature, refer to future events. You should not place undue certainty on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our predictions. Plan of Operations Worlds Mall, Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated on March 10, 2011 under the laws of the State of Nevada. The Company plans to develop an e-commerce website that will connect retail stores with customers around the world. The Company was formed to develop an e-commerce website that will connect retail stores with customers around the world. We believe that companies tend to market their e-commerce websites within the country or region that they are from and only to customers that speak the language of their country. Our goal is to globalize the retail market by eliminating language barriers along and providing better exposure to such companies. Worlds Mall wants to be a portal for retail sellers to connect to the world. We are a development stage company, and to date, our development efforts have been focused primarily on the development and marketing of our business model. In addition, to date we have limited operating history for investors to evaluate the potential of our business development. As such, we have not built our customer base or our brand name. In addition, our sources of cash are not adequate for the next 12 months of operations. If we are unable to raise additional cash, we will either have to suspend or cease our expansion plans entirely. Results of Operations Comparison of the three months ended March 31, 2014 and 2013. We are still in our development stage and had no revenues to date. Our operating expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2014 were $ 260 compared to operating expenses of $18 for the three months ended March 31, 2014. Our operating expenses for the period from March 10, 2011 (Inception) through March 31, 2014 totaled $ 24,688. The Company’s net loss for the three months ended March 31, 2014 was $ 160 compared to $18 for the period ended March 31, 2013. For the period from March 10, 2011 (Inception) through March 31, 2014, our net loss was $24,688. Comparison of the year ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 We are still in our development stage and had no revenues to date. Our operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2013 were $6,464 compared to an operating expenses of $64 for the year ended December 31, 2012. The Company’s net loss for the year ended December 31, 2013 was $6,464 compared to $64 for the year ended December 31, 2012. Liquidity and Capital Resources From the period March 10, 2011 (Inception) through March 31, 2014, the cash flow from operating activities was $(24,688), the net cash flow from financing activities was $53,648, resulting in a total cash balance of $46,960 as of March 31,2014. The current budget for the next 12 months $517,000. Over the twelve month period starting upon the effective date of this registration statement, we must raise $474,000 in additional capital for site development, server management, one new programmer and marketing. Our estimated expenses consist of the following: · Expected lease of 1,500 sq.ft. of office space: $18,000 ($1,500 monthly) · Phone bill including long distance calling: $4,800 ($400 per month) · Website creation: $125,000 · Web hosting: $1,200 · Bookkeeping/Accounting: $15,000 · Marketing: $80,000 · Computers/printers/furniture etc: $10,000 · Travel expenses: $60,000 · Employee payroll: $65,000 · Attorney fees: $20,000 17 · Electronic filing fees: $3,000 · Miscellaneous fees: $5,000 · Licensing of 3D gaming software: $65,000 (annually) · Language translation software: $45,000 (annually for the translation of 9 languages) Based on our financial history since inception, our independent registered public accounting firm has expressed substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Our independent registered public accounting firm raised the issue that the Company had a deficit accumulated during the development stage at March 31, 204 and a net loss and net cash used in operating activities for the period then ended. Limited Operating History We have generated no independent financial history and have not previously demonstrated that we will be able to expand our business. Our business is subject to risks inherent in growing an enterprise, including limited capital resources and possible rejection of our business model and/or sales methods. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates While our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 to our financial statements for the period ended March 31, 2014, we believe that the following accounting policies are the most critical to aid you in fully understanding and evaluating this management discussion and analysis. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Accounting standards that have been issued or proposed by FASB that do not require adoption until a future date are not expected to have a material impact on the financial statements upon adoption. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no off-balance sheet arrangements. Contractual Obligations We have certain potential commitments that include future estimated payments. Changes in our business needs, cancellation provisions, changing interest rates, and other factors may result in actual payments differing from the estimates. We cannot provide certainty regarding the timing and amounts of payments. We have presented below a summary of the most significant assumptions used in our determination of amounts presented in the tables, in order to assist in the review of this information within the context of our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE There have been no changes in or disagreements with accountants on accounting or financial disclosure matters. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS The following table sets forth the name and age of officers and director as of the date of our registration statement, of which this prospectus is a part. Our executive officers are elected annually by our Board of Directors (which currently consists solely of Darin Myman). Our executive officers hold their offices until they resign, are removed by the Board, or his successor is elected and qualified. Name Age Position Thomas Wikstrom 67 President, Treasurer and Director Horst Helmrich 46 Secretary 18 Set forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of our executive officer and director for the past five years. Thomas Wikstrom, President, Treasurer and Director Thomas Wikstrom is the founder of Worlds Mall, Inc., and has served as the Company’s President, Treasurer and Director since inception. Mr. Wikstrom also holds a number of other officers in Luxembourg. He has served as the President of F&B Europe Invest from 2005 to present day, as President of Simachev Group from 2004 to present day, and as President of Inglenook Consulting from 1994 through Present Day. Prior to that, from 1991 to 1994 he served as the Financial director of PC Power Ltd, in Luxembourg. Mr. Wikstrom received his Bachelor of Arts from the University of Oregon in 1971 and is fluent in Finnish, Swedish, English, German and French. Horst Helmrich, Secretary Mr. Helmrich is 46 years old and is a German citizen. Mr. Helmrich obtained a bachelor of economics degree from Leipzig University in Saxony, Germany. He has been with Siemens AG of Germany for fifteen years and is presently working in production in their energy division in the assembly of six megawatt wind turbines. He was formerly working in their automation and industrial plant-related products division. Mr. Helmrich previously owned and operated a retail clothing store in Berlin, Germany with his wife. Term of Office Our directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the board. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The following summary compensation table sets forth all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the named executive officers paid by us: SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and Principal Position Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) Stock Awards ($) Option Awards ($) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) All Other Compensation ($) Totals ($) Thomas Wikstrom, President and Treasurer (1) 2013 $ 0 0 0 0 0 0 $ 0 $ 0 2012 $ 0 0 0 0 0 0 $ 0 $ 0 Horst Helmrich, Secretary 2013 $ 0 0 0 0 0 0 $ 0 $ 0 2012 $ 0 0 0 0 0 0 $ 0 $ 0 (1) On March 10, 2011, Mr. Wikstrom received 18,000,000 founders common shares valued at $0.001, par value per share or $18,000. Option Grants There are no stock option plans or common shares set aside for any stock option plan. Long-Term Incentive Plan (“LTIP”) Awards Table There were no awards made to a named executive officers in the last completed fiscal year under any LTIP 19 Compensation of Directors Directors are permitted to receive fixed fees and other compensation for their services as directors. The Board of Directors (which currently consists solely of Darin Myman) has the authority to fix the compensation of directors. No amounts have been paid to, or accrued to, directors in such capacity. Employment Agreements Currently, we do not have an employment agreement in place with our officers and directors. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table provides the names and addresses of each person known to us to own more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock as of the date of our registration statement, of which this prospectus is a part, and by the officers and directors, individually and as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, all shares are owned directly and the shareholders listed possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. Name Number of Shares Beneficially Owned Percent of Class (1) Thomas Wikstrom 18,000,000 82.19 % Horst Helmrich 0 0 All Executive Officers and Directors as a group (2 persons) 18,000,000 18.19 % * less than 1% (1) Based on 21,900,000 shares of common stock outstanding as of May 30, 2014. TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PERSONS, PROMOTERS AND CERTAIN CONTROL PERSONS Certain Related Party Transactions There have been no material transactions, series of similar transactions or currently proposed transactions during 2013 and 2012 in which we were or are to be a party, in which the amount involved exceeded the lesser of $120,000 or 1% of the average of our total assets at year end for the last two completed fiscal years and in which any director or executive officer or any security holder who is known to us to own of record or beneficially more than 5% of our common stock, or any member of the immediate family or sharing the household (other than a tenant or employee) of any of the foregoing persons, had a direct or indirect material interest. Indebtedness of Management No officer, director or security holder known to us to own of record or beneficially more than 5% of our common stock or any member of the immediate family or sharing the household (other than a tenant or employee) of any of the foregoing persons is indebted to us. Transactions with Promoters We did not expressly engage a promoter at the time of its formation. We have used selling agents and consultants from time to time. The terms of those arrangements have been disclosed in previous filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Independence of The Board Of Directors Although our common stock is not listed on a public exchange, we will be filing to obtain a quotation on the OTC Markets concurrently with the filing of this prospectus. In order to be quoted on the OTC Markets, a market maker must file an application on our behalf in order to make a market for our common stock. There can be no assurance that a market maker will agree to file the necessary documents with FINRA, which operates the OTC Markets, nor can there be any assurance that such an application for quotation will be approved. 20 Our common stock is listed on the OTC Markets. For a director to be “independent” under these standards, the Board must affirmatively determine that the director has no material relationship with us, either directly or as a partner, shareholder, or officer of an organization that has a relationship with us. Applying corporate governance standards, and all other applicable laws, rules and regulations, the Board of Directors has determined that none of our directors are independent. This does not constitute an independent board of directors. Item 12A. Disclosure of Commission Position on Indemnification of Securities Act Liabilities Our directors and officers are indemnified as provided by the Nevada corporate law and our Bylaws. We have agreed to indemnify each of our directors and certain officers against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the provisions described above, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than our payment of expenses incurred or paid by our director, officer or controlling person in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. Article V of our Bylaws states that we shall indemnify any officer or director who is a party to pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the Corporation against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such proceeding, so long as such person acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. Pursuant to Nevada Revised Statutes (NRS) 78.7502, corporations have the discretionary authority to indemnify officers, directors, employees and agents. Under NRS 78.7502(3), corporations are required to indemnify directors, officers, employees, and agents against any expenses, including attorneys’ fees, that were actually and reasonably incurred in connection with the defense of any suits or proceeding where such individual has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action or proceeding. Our Bylaws and the Nevada Revised Statutes are substantially similar. However, the NRS provides for a discretionary indemnification for any threatened or pending action, suit of proceeding and out Bylaws make the indemnification mandatory. We have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act, and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities is asserted by one of our directors, officers, or controlling persons in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our legal counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit the question of whether such indemnification is against public policy to a court of appropriate jurisdiction. We will then be governed by the court’s decision. 21 WORLDS MALL, INC. 3,900,000 SHARES OF COMMON STOCK PROSPECTUS YOU SHOULD RELY ONLY ON THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT OR THAT WE HAVE REFERRED YOU TO. WE HAVE NOT AUTHORIZED ANYONE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION THAT IS DIFFERENT. THIS PROSPECTUS IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL COMMON STOCK AND IS NOT SOLICITING AN OFFER TO BUY COMMON STOCK IN ANY STATE WHERE THE OFFER OR SALE IS NOT PERMITTED. Until _____________, all dealers that effect transactions in these securities whether or not participating in this offering may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealer’s obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions. The Date of This Prospectus is June __, 2014 22 PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN THE PROSPECTUS Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution Securities and Exchange Commission registration fee $ 5.03 Transfer Agent Fees $ 0 Accounting fees and expenses $ 5,000.00 Legal fees and expense $ Total $ All amounts are estimates other than the Commission’s registration fee. We are paying all expenses of the offering listed above. No portion of these expenses will be borne by the selling shareholders. The selling shareholders, however, will pay any other expenses incurred in selling their common stock, including any brokerage commissions or costs of sale. Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers Our directors and officers are indemnified as provided by the Nevada corporate law and our Bylaws. We have agreed to indemnify each of our directors and certain officers against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the provisions described above, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than our payment of expenses incurred or paid by our director, officer or controlling person in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. We have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act, and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities is asserted by one of our directors, officers, or controlling persons in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our legal counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit the question of whether such indemnification is against public policy to a court of appropriate jurisdiction. We will then be governed by the court’s decision. Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on March 10, 2014. In connection with incorporation, we issued 18,000,000 shares of common stock to our founder, Thomas Wikstrom, valued at $18,000. These shares were issued in reliance on the exemption under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Act”) and were issued as founders shares. These shares of our common stock qualified for exemption under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 since the issuance shares by us did not involve a public offering. The offering was not a “public offering” as defined in Section 4(2) due to the insubstantial number of persons involved in the deal, size of the offering, manner of the offering and number of shares offered. We did not undertake an offering in which we sold a high number of shares to a high number of investors. In addition, the investors had the necessary investment intent as required by Section 4(2) since they agreed to and received share certificates bearing a legend stating that such shares are restricted pursuant to Rule 144 of the 1933 Securities Act. This restriction ensures that these shares would not be immediately redistributed into the market and therefore not be part of a “public offering.” Based on an analysis of the above factors, we have met the requirements to qualify for exemption under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 for this transaction. From January 11, 2013 through November 11, 2013, we sold a total of 3,900,000 shares of common stock to 39 investors, at a price per share of $0.01 for an aggregate offering price of $39,000. The above securities were not registered under the Securities Act. These securities qualified for exemption under Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act because the offer or sale occurred in an “offshore transaction” and no “directed selling efforts” were made in the United States by the issuer, a distributor, any of their respective affiliates, or any person acting on behalf of any of the foregoing. We made this determination based on the representations of the investors, which included, in pertinent part, that such shareholders were not a “U.S. person” as that term is defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S under the Act, and that such shareholders were acquiring our common stock, for investment purposes for their own respective accounts and not as nominees or agents, and not with a view to the resale or distribution thereof, and that the shareholders understood that the shares of our common stock may not be sold or otherwise disposed of without registration under the Securities Act or an applicable exemption there from. Additionally, no offering of the securities has or will be made to a US person for a period of six months from the closing date of the offering. Based on an analysis of the above factors, the Company has met the requirements to qualify for exemption under Regulation S of the Securities Act.. 23 Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules EXHIBIT NUMBER DESCRIPTION 3.1 Articles of Incorporation 3.2 By-Laws 5.1* Opinion of Szaferman, Lakind, Blumstein & Blader, P.C. 23.1 Consent of Li and Company, PC 23.2* Consent of Counsel (included in Exhibit 5.1, hereto) * To be filed by amendment. Item 17. Undertakings (A) The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: i. To include any prospectus required by section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; ii. To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the "Calculation of Registration Fee" table in the effective registration statement. iii. To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (4) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. (5) Each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. 24 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereonto duly authorized on this 6th day of June, 2014. WORLDS MALL, INC. By: /s/Thomas Wikstrom Thomas Wikstrom, President, Treasurer and Director (Duly Authorized, Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/Thomas Wikstrom President, Treasurer and Director June 6, 2014 Thomas Wikstrom (Duly Authorized, Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer). /s/Horst Helmrich Secretary June 6, 2014 Horst Helmrich 25
