As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 11, 2014 Registration No. 333-________ UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. and Pathfinder Bank 401(k) Plan (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) Maryland 6712 To be Applied For (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 214 West First Street Oswego, New York 13126 (315) 343-0057 (Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of Registrant’s Principal Executive Offices) Mr. Thomas W. Schneider President and Chief Executive Officer 214 West First Street Oswego, New York 13126 (315) 343-0057 (Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of Agent for Service) Copies to: Benjamin M. Azoff, Esq. Eric Luse, Esq. Luse Gorman Pomerenk & Schick, P.C. 5335 Wisconsin Avenue, N.W., Suite 780 Washington, D.C. 20015 (202) 274-2000 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after this registration statement becomes effective. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box: x If this Form is filed to register additional shares for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering: ¨ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering: ¨ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering: ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer ¨ Accelerated filer ¨ Non-accelerated filer ¨ Smaller reporting company x (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of each class of securities to be registered Amount to be registered Proposed maximum offering price per share Proposed maximum aggregate offering price Amount of registration fee Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share 4,352,306 shares $10.00 $ 43,523,060 (1) $ 5,606 Participation Interests 727,974 interests (2) (2) (1) Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee. (2) The securities of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. to be purchased by the Pathfinder Bank 401(k) Plan is included in the amount shown for the common stock. Accordingly, no separate fee is required for the participation interests. The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. Prospectus Supplement Interests in PATHFINDER BANK 401(k) SAVINGS PLAN Offering of Participation Interests in up to 727,974 Shares of PATHFINDER BANCORP, INC. Common Stock In connection with the conversion of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC from the mutual to the stock form of organization, Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc., a newly formed Maryland corporation (“New Pathfinder”), is offering shares of common stock for sale. Accordingly, in connection with the conversion, New Pathfinder is allowing participants in the Pathfinder Bank 401(k) Savings Plan (the “Plan”) to invest up to 90 percent of their accounts in the common stock of New Pathfinder (“Common Stock”). Based upon the value of the Plan assets at March 31, 2014, the trustee of the Plan could purchase up to 727,974 shares of New Pathfinder Common Stock, at the purchase price of $10.00 per share. This prospectus supplement relates to the initial election of Plan participants to direct the trustee of the Plan to invest a portion of their Plan accounts, up to a maximum of 90 percent of the value thereof, in New Pathfinder Common Stock at the time of the stock offering. The prospectus of New Pathfinder dated__________, 2014, is provided with this prospectus supplement. It contains detailed information regarding the conversion and stock offering of New Pathfinder and the financial condition, results of operations and business of Pathfinder Bank. This prospectus supplement provides information regarding the Plan. You should read this prospectus supplement together with the prospectus and keep both for future reference. ________________________________ For a discussion of risks that you should consider, see “Risk Factors” beginning on page ___ of the prospectus. The interests in the Plan and the offering of the shares of Common Stock have not been approved or disapproved by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal or state agency. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The securities offered in this prospectus supplement are not deposits or accounts and are not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. This prospectus supplement may be used only in connection with offers and sales by New Pathfinder, in the stock offering, of New Pathfinder Common Stock acquired by the Plan. No one may use this prospectus supplement to reoffer or resell interests in shares of Common Stock acquired through the Plan. You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus supplement and the prospectus. New Pathfinder, Pathfinder Bank and the Plan have not authorized anyone to provide you with information that is different. This prospectus supplement does not constitute an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make an offer or solicitation in that jurisdiction. Neither the delivery of this prospectus supplement and the prospectus nor any sale of New Pathfinder Common Stock shall under any circumstances imply that there has been no change in the affairs of New Pathfinder, Pathfinder Bank, or the Plan since the date of this prospectus supplement, or that the information contained in this prospectus supplement or incorporated by reference is correct as of any time after the date of this prospectus supplement. The date of this prospectus supplement is __________, 2014. TABLE OF CONTENTS THE OFFERING 1 Securities Offered 1 Election to Purchase Common Stock 1 Purchase Priorities 2 Purchase in the Offering and Oversubscriptions 3 Minimum and Maximum Investment 4 Value of Plan Assets 4 How to Order Common Stock in the Offering 5 How to Set Up Your Self-Directed Brokerage Account 6 Order Deadline 7 Irrevocability of Transfer Direction 7 Future Direction to Purchase and Sell Common Stock 7 Voting Rights of Common Stock 8 DESCRIPTION OF THE PLAN 9 Introduction 9 Eligibility and Participation 9 Contributions Under the Plan 10 Limitations on Contributions 10 Benefits Under the Plan 11 Withdrawals and Distributions from the Plan 11 Investment of Contributions and Account Balances 12 Performance History and Description of Funds 14 Administration of the Plan 22 Amendment and Termination 22 Merger, Consolidation or Transfer 22 Federal Income Tax Consequences 22 Notice of Your Rights Concerning Employer Securities. 24 Additional Employee Retirement Income Security Act (“ERISA”) Considerations 24 Securities and Exchange Commission Reporting and Short-Swing Profit Liability 25 Financial Information Regarding Plan Assets 26 LEGAL OPINION 26 Table of Contents THE OFFERING Securities Offered New Pathfinder is offering participants of the Pathfinder Bank 401(k) Savings Plan (the “Plan”) the opportunity to purchase common stock of New Pathfinder (“Common Stock”). Up to 90 percent of the Plan’s assets may be invested in New Pathfinder Common Stock. At the purchase price of $10.00 per share, the Plan may acquire up to 727,974 shares of New Pathfinder Common Stock in the stock offering, based on the fair market value of the Plan’s assets as of March 31, 2014. A portion of this number reflects the shares of common stock of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc., a federally-chartered mid-tier holding company (“Pathfinder-Federal”) that may be held in individual brokerage accounts with TD Ameritrade in the Plan that will automatically be exchanged for New Pathfinder Common Stock. Pathfinder-Federal is the majority owned subsidiary of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC. Only employees of Pathfinder Bank may become participants in the Plan and only participants may purchase participation interests in shares of New Pathfinder Common Stock. Your investment in shares of Common Stock in connection with the stock offering is subject to the purchase priorities listed below. Information with regard to the Plan is contained in this prospectus supplement and information with regard to the financial condition, results of operations and business of New Pathfinder and Pathfinder Bank is contained in the accompanying prospectus. The address of the principal executive office of New Pathfinder and Pathfinder Bank is 214 West First Street, Oswego, New York 13126. Pathfinder Bank’s telephone number at this address is (315) 343-0057. All questions about this prospectus supplement should be addressed to James A. Dowd at Pathfinder Bank; telephone #: (315) 207-8002; email: jadowd@pathfinderbank.com . Questions about the stock offering, the prospectus, or obtaining a stock order form to purchase stock in the offering outside the Plan may be directed to the Stock Information Center at ( )____-______. The Stock Information Center will be open beginning__________, 2014, between _______________, Eastern Time. The Stock Information Center will be closed on weekends and bank holidays. Election to Purchase Common Stock In connection with the stock offering, you may elect to transfer a part of your account balances in the Plan to be used to purchase Table of Contents shares of New Pathfinder Common Stock in the stock offering, up to a maximum of 90 percent of the balance thereof. The trustee of the Plan will purchase New Pathfinder Common Stock in accordance with your directions. However, such directions are subject to purchase priorities and purchase limitations, as described below. Following the stock offering, the trustee will then transfer your purchased shares of New Pathfinder Common Stock to a brokerage account that is set up within the Plan on your behalf. Purchase Priorities All Plan participants are eligible to purchase New Pathfinder Common Stock in the offering. However, such directions are subject to the purchase priorities in the Plan of Conversion and Reorganization of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, which provides for a subscription offering and a community offering. In the offering, purchase priorities are as follows and apply in case more shares of New Pathfinder Common Stock are ordered than are available for sale (an “oversubscription”): Subscription Offering: (1) Depositors of Pathfinder Bank with aggregate account balances of at least $50 as of the close of business on March 31, 2014, get first priority. (2) Pathfinder Bank’s tax-qualified plans, including the employee stock ownership plan and the Plan, get second priority. (3) Depositors of Pathfinder Bank with aggregate account balances of at least $50 as of the close of business on ___________, 2014, get third priority. (4) Depositors of Pathfinder Bank as of the close of business on ___________, 2014, get fourth priority. Community Offering: (5) Shares of Common Stock not purchased in the subscription offering may be offered for sale to the general public in a “community offering,” with a preference given to natural persons residing in the communities served by Pathfinder Bank (as more fully described in the prospectus) and existing shareholders of Pathfinder-Federal. If you fall into subscription offering categories (1), (3) or (4), you have subscription rights to purchase New Pathfinder Common Stock in the subscription offering and you may use funds in the Plan to pay 2 Table of Contents for the shares of New Pathfinder Common Stock. You may also be able to purchase shares of New Pathfinder Common Stock in the subscription offering even though you are ineligible to purchase through subscription offering categories (1), (3) or (4) through subscription offering category (2), reserved for its tax-qualified employee plans. If your stock order cannot be filled through subscription offering category (2), your order will be treated as a community offering order. Subscription offering orders will have preference over community offering orders in the event of oversubscription. If you are eligible in the subscription offering, as listed above, you will separately receive an offering materials package in the mail, including a stock order form. If you are not eligible to purchase shares of New Pathfinder Common Stock in the subscription offering, you may request offering materials by calling our Stock Information Center. If you wish to purchase New Pathfinder Common Stock outside the Plan, you must complete the stock order form and submit the stock order form and payment at $10.00 per share, using the reply envelope provided in the offering materials package. Questions about completing stock order forms may be directed to our Stock Information Center at (____) _____-____. Additionally, instead of placing an order outside the Plan using a stock order form, you may place an order for the purchase of New Pathfinder Common Stock through the Plan, using the enclosed Special Investment Election Form, to be completed and submitted in the manner described below under “How to Order Common Stock in the Offering.” Purchase in the Offering and Oversubscriptions The trustee of the Plan will purchase shares of New Pathfinder Common Stock in the stock offering in accordance with your directions. Once you make your election, the amount that you elect to transfer from your existing investment options for the purchase of shares of New Pathfinder Common Stock in connection with the stock offering will be sold from your existing investment options and the proceeds transferred to a separate brokerage account maintained by the Plan. The proceeds transferred to the brokerage account will be held separately from your other Plan assets pending the formal completion of the stock offering several weeks later. At the end of the stock offering period, we will determine whether all, or any portion of, your order will be filled (if the offering is oversubscribed, you may not receive any, or all of, your order, depending on your purchase priority, as described above). The amount that can be used toward your order will be applied to the purchase of shares of New Pathfinder Common Stock. Following the formal closing of the stock offering, your purchased shares of 3 Table of Contents New Pathfinder Common Stock will be transferred to your self-directed brokerage account set up through TD Ameritrade Corporate Services (“TD Ameritrade”). If you have not already, you must set up your self-directed TD Ameritrade brokerage account to purchase New Pathfinder Common Stock in the offering through the Plan . See instructions below (“How to Set Up Your Self-Directed Brokerage Account”) . In the event the offering is oversubscribed, i.e. , there are more orders for New Pathfinder Common Stock than shares available for sale in the offering, and the trustee is unable to use the full amount allocated by you to purchase New Pathfinder Common Stock in the offering, the amount that cannot be invested in New Pathfinder Common Stock, and any interest earned on such amount, will be transferred from the brokerage account maintained by the Plan and reinvested in the existing investment funds of the Plan, in accordance with your then existing investment elections (in proportion to your investment direction for future contributions). The prospectus describes the allocation procedures in the event of an oversubscription. If you choose not to direct the investment of your Plan account balances towards the purchase of New Pathfinder Common Stock in the offering, your account balances will remain in the investment funds of the Plan as previously directed by you. Minimum and Maximum Investment In connection with the stock offering, the Plan will permit you to direct the trustee to transfer part of your Plan account balance to be used to purchase New Pathfinder Common Stock in the offering, provided however that your investment cannot exceed 90 percent of your Plan account balance (and subject to the maximum purchase limits for investors set forth in the prospectus). The trustee of the Plan will then subscribe for shares of the New Pathfinder Common Stock offered for sale in the offering, in accordance with each participant’s direction. The trustee will pay $10.00 per share, which will be the same price paid by all other persons who purchase shares in the subscription and community offerings. In order to purchase New Pathfinder Common Stock through the Plan, the minimum investment is $250, which will purchase 25 shares. The maximum purchase limit for any individual is 25,000 shares (i.e., $250,000) and the maximum purchase limit for an individual acting in concert with an associate or group of persons is 50,000 shares (i.e., $500,00). Value of Plan Assets As of March 31, 2014, the market value of the assets of the Plan was approximately $8,088,607. Of this amount, 90 percent, i.e., $7,279,740 (rounded down to the nearest $10 increment) is eligible to purchase New Pathfinder Common Stock in the offering. 4 Table of Contents How to Order Common Stock in the Offering Enclosed is a Special Investment Election Form on which you can elect to purchase New Pathfinder Common Stock in the offering. This is done by following the procedures described below. Please note the following stipulations concerning this election: · You can direct to transfer a percentage of your current Plan account on your Special Investment Election Form to purchase New Pathfinder Common Stock, provided that such amount does not exceed 90 percent of your total Plan account balance . · Your election is subject to a minimum purchase of 25 shares, which equals $250. · Your election, plus any order you placed outside the Plan, are together subject to a maximum purchase of 25,000 shares, which equals $250,000, or 50,000 shares ($500,000) if you purchase in concert with an associate or group of persons acting in concert (as more fully described in this prospectus). · The election period for the Plan opens___________, 2014 and closes _____ p.m., Eastern Time, on [day], ______________, 2014 (the “401(k) Plan Offering Period”). · During the stock offering period, you will continue to have the ability to transfer amounts that are not directed to purchase New Pathfinder Common Stock among all other investment funds. However, you will not be permitted to change the investment amounts that you designated to be used to purchase New Pathfinder Common Stock on your Special Investment Election Form. · Upon the conclusion of the 401(k) Plan Offering Period, the 401(k) Plan trustee will sell the applicable percentage of each of your investment funds that you have elected to sell in order to purchase shares of New Pathfinder Common Stock in the offering. The 401(k) Plan trustee will process such sales for all participants on a single day following the close of the 401(k) Plan Offering Period and before the close of the subscription offering period. Your liquidated assets will be held separately by the Plan until the formal closing of the stock offering occurs, which will be several weeks after the completion of the 401(k) Plan Offering Period. Therefore, this money will not be available for distributions, loans or withdrawals until the offering is closed. 5 Table of Contents · Following the formal closing of the stock offering, your purchased shares of New Pathfinder Common Stock will be transferred to your self-directed TD Ameritrade brokerage account in the Plan. If you have not already established a TD Ameritrade brokerage account in the Plan, you must do so before you can purchase new Pathfinder Common Stock in the connection with the stock offering through the Plan. See instructions below (“How to Set Up Your Self-Directed Brokerage Account”) . · Following the formal closing of the stock offering, it may take up to [xx] days for the New Pathfinder Common Stock that you elected to purchase on your Special Investment Election Form to be transferred to your TD Ameritrade brokerage account. As a result, your New Pathfinder Common Stock that you purchased in the stock offering will not be tradable (i.e., you cannot sell it) until it is transferred to your TD Ameritrade brokerage account. If you wish to use a portion of your account balance in the Plan to purchase New Pathfinder Common Stock in the stock offering, you should indicate that decision on your Special Investment Election Form. If you do not wish to make an election, you should check the box at the bottom of the Special Investment Election Form and return the form either using the self-addressed pre-paid envelope, by faxing it to (315) 342-9403, by e-mail to jadowd@pathfinderbank.com or by delivering it in to James A. Dowd at Pathfinder Bank, 214 West First Street, Oswego, New York 13126, no later than 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on [day], [date], 2014. How to Set Up Your Self-Directed Brokerage Account Follow these steps to set up your self-directed TD Ameritrade brokerage account through the Plan if you have not done so already. It can take several business days to set up the self-directed TD Ameritrade brokerage account. Therefore, we recommend that you immediately establish your self-directed TD Ameritrade brokerage account to ensure that you can timely elect to purchase New Pathfinder Common Stock during the 401(k) Plan Offering Period. · Go to www.nationwide.com and log into your Plan account. · Once you access your Plan account, click on “Manage Account” next to your retirement plan. 6 Table of Contents · Scroll half-way down the screen until you see “View Account” on the left-hand side of the screen. Click on “My Funds.” · Scroll down to the very bottom of the screen and click on the link labeled “Click here to establish your self-directed brokerage.” · With respect to three items listed, click on each and do the following: o Item # 1 – Read and Complete. o Item # 2 – Read and Complete. o Item # 3 – Read and Complete. · You will then need to FAX or MAIL the self-directed brokerage account as instructed. IT IS VERY IMPORTANT THAT YOU REFERENCE THE SPECIFIC PLAN ID (as shown on the screen provided by TD Ameritrade) ON THE APPLICATION. · After your account has been established at TD Ameritrade, your User ID and PIN for your self-directed brokerage account will be mailed to you. This could take several business days to receive. Order Deadline If you wish to purchase New Pathfinder Common Stock with a portion of your Plan account balance, you must return you Special Investment Election Form to James A. Dowd at Pathfinder Bank, 214 West First Street, Oswego, New York 13126 or by faxing it to (315) 342-9403, to be received no later than 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on [day], [date], 2014. You may return your Special Investment Election Form by hand delivery, mail using the self-addressed pre-paid envelope, email (sending it to jadowd@pathfinderbank.com) or by faxing it so long as it is returned by the time specified . Irrevocability of Transfer Direction Once you make an election to transfer amounts in your Plan account to be used to purchase shares of New Pathfinder Common Stock in connection with the stock offering, you may not change your election . Your election is irrevocable. You will, however, continue to have the ability to transfer amounts not directed towards the purchase of shares of New Pathfinder Common Stock among all of the other investment funds in the Plan on a daily basis. 7 Table of Contents Future Direction to Purchase and Sell Common Stock You will be able to purchase or sell shares of New Pathfinder Common Stock through your established self-directed TD Ameritrade brokerage account within the Plan after the stock offering. You may direct that your future contributions or your account balance in the Plan (up to 90 percent) be transferred to your self-directed TD Ameritrade brokerage account to be used to purchase shares of New Pathfinder Common Stock. After the offering, to the extent that shares are available, the trustee of the Plan will acquire shares of New Pathfinder Common Stock at your election through your established TD Ameritrade brokerage account in open market transactions at the prevailing price, which may be less than or more than $10.00 per share. You may change your investment allocation on a daily basis. However, please be advised that your ability to buy or sell New Pathfinder Common Stock within the Plan largely depends upon the existence of an active market for the stock. If New Pathfinder Common Stock is illiquid (meaning there are a low number of buyers and sellers of the stock) on the date you elect to buy or sell New Pathfinder Common Stock within the Plan, your election may not be immediately processed. As a result, the prevailing price for New Pathfinder Common Stock may be less than or more than its fair market value on the date of your election . Special restrictions may apply to purchasing shares of New Pathfinder Common Stock by the participants who are subject to the provisions of Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, relating to the purchase and sale of securities by officers, directors and principal stockholders of New Pathfinder. Please note that if you are an officer of Pathfinder Bank that is restricted by the regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System from selling shares of New Pathfinder Common Stock acquired in the stock offering for one year, the New Pathfinder Common Stock that you purchased in the stock offering will not be tradable until the one-year trading restriction has lapsed. Voting Rights of Common Stock The Plan provides that you may direct the trustee as to how to vote any shares of New Pathfinder Common Stock held by the Plan, and the interest in such shares that is credited to your account. If the trustee does not receive your voting instructions, the Plan administrator will exercise these rights as it determines in its discretion and will direct the trustee accordingly. All voting instructions will be kept confidential. 8 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF THE PLAN Introduction Pathfinder Bank originally adopted the Pathfinder Bank 401(k) Savings Plan (the “Plan”) effective as of January 1, 1989, and most recently amended and restated the Plan effective January 1, 2013. The Plan is a tax-qualified plan with a cash or deferred compensation feature established in accordance with the requirements under Section 401(a) and Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). Pathfinder Bank intends that the Plan, in operation, will comply with the requirements under Section 401(a) and Section 401(k) of the Code. Pathfinder Bank will adopt any amendments to the Plan that may be necessary to ensure the continuing qualified status of the Plan under the Code and applicable Treasury Regulations. Employee Retirement Income Security Act (“ERISA”). The Plan is an “individual account plan” other than a “money purchase pension plan” within the meaning of ERISA. As such, the Plan is subject to all of the provisions of Title I (Protection of Employee Benefit Rights) and Title II (Amendments to the Code Relating to Retirement Plans) of ERISA, except for the funding requirements contained in Part 3 of Title I of ERISA which by their terms do not apply to an individual account plan (other than a money purchase plan). The Plan is not subject to Title IV (Plan Termination Insurance) of ERISA. The funding requirements contained in Title IV of ERISA are not applicable to participants or beneficiaries under the Plan. Reference to Full Text of Plan. The following portions of this prospectus supplement summarize certain provisions of the Plan. They are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by the full text of the Plan. Copies of the Plan are available to all employees by filing a request with the Plan administrator at Pathfinder Bank, 214 West First Street, Oswego, New York 13126. You are urged to read carefully the full text of the Plan. Eligibility and Participation Employees who are at least age 21 and have completed three months of eligibility service with Pathfinder Bank are eligible to enter the Plan on the January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1 coinciding with or next following the date on which the employee meets the eligibility requirements. Certain members of a collective bargaining unit, employees who are non-resident aliens who receive no earned income from the employer which constitutes income from sources within the United States, and leased employees are not eligible to participate in the Plan. The Plan Year is January 1 to December 31. As of March 31, 2014, there were approximately 128 employees and former employees eligible to participate in the Plan. 9 Table of Contents Contributions Under the Plan Salary Deferrals . You are permitted to defer, on a pre-tax basis, up to 100% of your compensation and to have that amount contributed to the Plan on your behalf. For purposes of the Plan, “compensation” means your income reportable on Form W-2, with all pre-tax contributions included. In 2014, the annual compensation of each participant taken into account under the Plan is limited to $260,000. (Limits established by the Internal Revenue Service are subject to increase pursuant to an annual cost-of-living adjustment, as permitted by the Code). You are permitted to modify your elective deferrals, effective on the first day of each quarter. Roth Elective Deferrals . You may irrevocably designate all or any part of your salary deferrals to the Plan as “Roth elective deferrals.” Roth elective deferrals are “after-tax” deferrals that (1) you designate irrevocably as Roth elective deferrals as the time they are deferred, (2) your employer treats as includible in your income at the time you would have received the amount in cash had you not made the deferral election, and (3) are amounts that are accounted for separately from all other amounts under the Plan. All employees who meet the eligibility requirements to make pre-tax elective deferrals may make Roth elective deferrals. Safe Harbor Employer Contributions . Pathfinder Bank may make a safe harbor contribution equal to 3% of the compensation of each participant. The safe harbor contribution will be fully vested at all times. Because Pathfinder Bank will make a safe harbor contribution, the Plan will not have to satisfy certain nondiscrimination tests generally required of 401(k) plans. Employer Matching Contributions . Pathfinder Bank will make matching contributions with respect to contributing participants’ elective deferrals in an amount equal to 100% of the first 3% of the participant’s compensation contributed and 50% of the next 3% of the participant’s compensation contributed. The allocation of matching contributions is subject to the participant’s completion of one year of service in which the participant has completed 1,000 hours of service. Matching contributions will be calculated on a quarterly basis. Non-elective Employer Contributions . Pathfinder Bank may make non-elective employer contributions to the Plan. The allocation of non-elective employer contributions is subject to the participant’s completion of one year of service in which the participant has completed 1,000 hours of service. Rollover Contributions . You are permitted to make rollover contributions to the Plan. Limitations on Contributions Limitations on Employee Salary Deferrals . For the Plan Year beginning January 1, 2014, the amount of your before-tax contributions may not exceed $17,500 per calendar year. In addition, if you are at least 50 years old in 2014, you will be able to make a “catch-up” contribution of up to $5,500 in addition to the $17,500 limit. The “catch-up” contribution limit may be adjusted periodically by law, based on changes in the cost of living. Contributions in excess of these limits, as applicable to you, are known as excess deferrals. If you defer amounts 10 Table of Contents in excess of these limitations, as applicable to you, your gross income for federal income tax purposes will include the excess in the year of the deferral. In addition, unless the excess deferral is distributed before April 15 of the following year, it will be taxed again in the year distributed. Income on the excess deferral distributed by April 15 of the immediately succeeding year will be treated, for federal income tax purposes, as earned and received by you in the tax year in which the contribution is made. Contribution Limit . Generally, the law imposes a maximum limit on the amount of contributions you may receive under the Plan. This limit applies to all contributions to the Plan, including your salary deferrals and all other employer contributions made on your behalf during the year, excluding earnings and any transfers/rollovers. For the Plan Year beginning January 1, 2014, this total cannot exceed the lesser of $52,000 or 100% of your annual base compensation. Benefits Under the Plan Vesting . At all times, you have a fully vested, nonforfeitable interest in the salary deferrals you have made to the Plan. In addition, employer safe harbor contributions are 100% vested at all times. Employer matching contributions and employer non-elective contributions are subject to a five-year graded vesting schedule in which such amounts vest at the rate of 20% each year, commencing upon completion of one year of service, until a participant is 100% vested upon completion of five years of service. In the event you terminate employment due to retirement, death or disability, your employer matching contributions and employer non-elective contributions will immediately become fully vested. Distributions from the Plan You may request a distribution in the following events: You may request a distribution of all or part of your elective deferrals, Roth elective deferrals, employer safe harbor contributions, vested matching contributions and vested non-elective employer contributions after having attained age 59 ½. You may withdraw rollover contributions at any time. In the event you incur a hardship prior to attaining age 59 ½, you may withdraw balances attributable to elective deferrals, Roth elective deferrals, rollover contributions plus their earnings, vested non-elective employer contributions plus their earnings, and vested employer matching contributions plus their earnings. Employer safe harbor contributions may not be withdrawn from the Plan while you are still employed prior to attainment of age 59 ½, not even for hardship reasons. In the event of your death, the value of your account will be payable to your beneficiary in a lump sum or, if the Plan permits, in installment payments over any period that does not exceed the life expectancy of your beneficiary. 11 Table of Contents Form of Distribution The normal form of distribution will be a single lump-sum payment. Alternative forms, if available, will be indicated on your benefit application. If you terminate employment and do not make a timely election with respect to a cash-out distribution of an amount greater than $1,000 but not more than $5,000, a direct rollover will be made of your vested account balance into an individual retirement account or annuity (IRA) selected by the Plan administrator. If the amount is $1,000 or less, unless you instruct the Plan administrator in writing to roll over such amount to either an IRA or another qualified retirement plan of your choice, you will receive a check representing your vested account balance less the applicable 20% federal income tax withholding. Loan Provisions Participant loans are permitted in accordance with the employer’s established procedures. Investment of Contributions and Account Balances All amounts credited to your accounts under the Plan are held in the Plan trust (the “Trust”) which is administered by the trustee appointed by Pathfinder Bank’s Board of Directors. Prior to the effective date of the offering, you were provided the opportunity to direct the investment of your account into one of the following investment options: 1. American Beacon Short-Term Bd Instl 2. American Beacon Small Cp Val Inst 3. American Funds AMCAP R6 4. American Funds American Mutual R6 5. American Funds EuroPacific Gr R6 6. American Funds Fundamental Invs R6 7. DWS RREEF Real Estate Securities Inst 8. Dodge & Cox International Stock 9. Dreyfus Instl Preferred MMkt Prime 10. Fidelity Advisor ® Strategic Income I 11. Harbor International Institutional 12. Invesco Growth and Income Y 13. JPMorgan Mid Cap Value Instl 14. JPMorgan Mortgage-Backed Securities Sel 15. Morgan Stanley Inst Mid Cap Growth I 16. Nationwide Destination 2010 Instl 17. Nationwide Destination 2015 Instl 18. Nationwide Destination 2020 Instl 19. Nationwide Destination 2025 Instl 20. Nationwide Destination 2030 Instl 21. Nationwide Destination 2035 Instl 22. Nationwide Destination 2040 Instl 23. Nationwide Destination 2045 Instl 24. Nationwide Destination 2050 Instl 12 Table of Contents 25. Nationwide Destination 2055 Instl 26. Nationwide Retirement Income Instl 27. Oppenheimer Developing Markets Y 28. Oppenheimer Global Opportunities Y 29. PIMCO Low Duration Instl 30. PIMCO Real Return Instl 31. Principal High Yield Inst 32. Principal MidCap Institutional 33. RidgeWorth Total Return Bond I 34. Sentinel Small Company I 35. T. Rowe Price Capital Appreciation 36. T. Rowe Price Small-Cap Value 37. Vanguard Wellesley ® Income Inv 38. Wells Fargo Advantage Intl Bond Instl In connection with the offering, the Plan now provides that in addition to the investment options specified above, you may direct the trustee, or its representative, to invest a portion of your account in shares of New Pathfinder Common Stock, provided that such amount does not exceed 90 percent of your total Plan account balance. You may elect to have both past contributions and earnings, as well as future contributions to your account invested among the options listed above. Transfers of past contributions and the earnings thereon do not affect the investment mix of future contributions. You may change your investment directions at any time. This may be done either by telephone or electronic medium. You may also redirect the investment of your investment accounts such that a fixed dollar amount of any one or more investment accounts may be transferred to any one or more other investment accounts either by telephone or electronic medium. 13 Table of Contents Performance History and Description of Funds The following provides performance data with respect to the investment options available under the Plan. The following performance data is as of March 31, 2014: Fund Total Return 1 Yr Total Return Annualized 3 Yrs Total Return Annualized 5 Yrs Total Return Annualized 10 Yrs American Beacon Short-Term Bd Instl -0.08 0.60 1.55 2.00 American Beacon Small Cp Val Inst 24.24 12.69 25.23 8.31 American Funds AMCAP R6 27.10 15.34 21.78 7.57 American Funds American Mutual R6 17.39 13.02 18.19 7.08 American Funds EuroPacific Gr R6 17.06 5.92 15.05 7.80 American Funds Fundamental Invs R6 20.88 11.97 19.35 8.46 DWS RREEF Real Estate Securities Inst 3.36 9.01 27.36 7.78 Dodge & Cox International Stock 24.41 8.07 19.72 8.52 Dreyfus Instl Preferred MMkt Prime -0.71 -0.65 -0.58 1.08 Fidelity Advisor ® Strategic Income I 2.19 4.70 10.55 6.32 Harbor International Institutional 14.84 6.08 17.50 8.88 Invesco Growth and Income Y 21.48 13.10 19.60 N/A JPMorgan Mid Cap Value Instl 20.13 15.75 23.96 9.57 JPMorgan Mortgage-Backed Securities Sel -0.08 3.12 5.69 4.78 Morgan Stanley Inst Mid Cap Growth I 25.81 8.43 23.98 10.53 Nationwide Destination 2010 Instl 5.78 4.36 9.95 N/A Nationwide Destination 2015 Instl 7.44 5.38 11.41 N/A Nationwide Destination 2020 Instl 9.41 6.48 13.16 N/A Nationwide Destination 2025 Instl 11.83 7.59 14.86 N/A Nationwide Destination 2030 Instl 13.88 8.49 16.33 N/A Nationwide Destination 2035 Instl 15.52 9.34 17.44 N/A Nationwide Destination 2040 Instl 16.34 9.42 18.11 N/A Nationwide Destination 2045 Instl 17.15 9.67 18.48 N/A Nationwide Destination 2050 Instl 17.16 9.52 18.42 N/A Nationwide Destination 2055 Instl 16.94 9.51 N/A N/A Nationwide Retirement Income Instl 1.73 1.92 6.09 N/A Oppenheimer Developing Markets Y 6.00 1.74 19.22 N/A Oppenheimer Global Opportunities Y 32.57 11.58 23.05 9.75 PIMCO Low Duration Instl -0.69 1.60 4.48 3.11 PIMCO Real Return Instl -7.87 2.81 5.67 4.14 Principal High Yield Inst 6.66 7.91 15.28 8.31 Principal MidCap Institutional 19.87 16.07 24.65 10.51 RidgeWorth Total Return Bond I -0.94 3.71 4.63 4.30 Sentinel Small Company I 21.59 12.33 21.58 9.20 T. Rowe Price Capital Appreciation 16.24 11.84 17.90 8.30 T. Rowe Price Small-Cap Value 20.05 12.63 23.37 9.53 Vanguard Wellesley ® Income Inv 6.92 8.76 12.33 6.37 Wells Fargo Advantage Intl Bond Instl 0.41 1.71 5.15 4.33 The following is a description of each of the Plan’s investment funds and other investments: American Beacon Short-Term Bd Instl. The investment seeks income and capital growth. Under normal circumstances, the fund invests at least 80% of its net assets (plus the amount of any borrowings for investment purposes) in fixed-income securities. It will only buy debt securities that are determined by the fund manager to be investment grade at the time 14 Table of Contents of purchase. Under normal circumstances, the fund seeks to maintain a duration of one to three years. American Beacon Small Cp Val Inst. The investment seeks long-term capital appreciation and current income. Under normal circumstances, at least 80% of the fund’s net assets (plus the amount of any borrowings for investment purposes) are invested in equity securities of small market capitalization U.S. companies. These companies have market capitalizations of $5 billion of less at the time of investment. The fund’s investments may include common stocks, preferred stocks, securities convertible into common stocks, real estate investment trusts (“REITs”), American Depository Receipts (“ADRs”) and U.S. dollar-denominated foreign stocks traded on U.S. exchanges. American Funds AMCAP R6. The investment seeks long-term growth of capital. The fund invests primarily in common stocks of U.S. companies that have solid long-term growth records and the potential for good future growth. The basic investment philosophy of the investment adviser is to seek to invest in attractively valued companies that, in its opinion, represent good, long-term investment opportunities. American Funds American Mutual R6. The investment seeks income, growth of capital and conservation of principal. The fund invests primarily in common stocks of companies that are likely to participate in the growth of the American economy and whose dividends appear to be sustainable. It invests primarily in securities of issuers domiciled in the United States and Canada. The fund may also invest in bonds and other debt securities, including those issued by the U.S. government and by federal agencies and instrumentalities. American Funds EuroPacific Gr R6. The investment seeks long-term growth of capital. The fund invests primarily in common stocks of issuers in Europe and the Pacific Basin that the investment adviser believes have the potential for growth. Growth stocks are stocks that the investment adviser believes have the potential for above-average capital appreciation. It normally invests at least 80% of net assets in securities of issuers in Europe and the Pacific Basin. The fund may invest a portion of its assets in common stocks and other securities of companies in countries with developing economies and/or markets. American Funds Fundamental Invs R6. The investment seeks long-term growth of capital and income. The fund invests primarily in common stocks of companies that appear to offer superior opportunities for capital growth and most of which have a history of paying dividends. It may invest significantly in securities of issuers domiciled outside the United States. DWS RREEF Real Estate Securities Inst. The investment seeks long-term capital appreciation and current income. The fund will invest at least 80% of its net assets, plus the amount of any borrowing for investment purposes (calculated at the time of any investment), in equity securities of REITs and real estate companies. It may also invest a portion of its assets in other types of securities. These securities may include short-term securities, bonds, notes, securities of companies not principally engaged in the real estate industry, non-leverage stock index futures contracts and other similar securities. The fund is non-diversified. 15 Table of Contents Dodge & Cox International Stock. The investment seeks long-term growth of principal and income. The fund invests primarily in a diversified portfolio of equity securities issued by non-U.S. companies from at least three different countries, including emerging markets. It will invest at least 80% of its total assets in common stocks, preferred stocks, securities convertible into common stocks, and securities that carry the right to buy common stocks of non-U.S. companies. The fund invests primarily in medium-to-large well-established companies based on standards of the applicable market. Dreyfus Instl Preferred MMkt Prime. The investment seeks s high a level of current income as is consistent with the preservation of capital and the maintenance of liquidity. The fund typically invests in a diversified portfolio of high quality, short-term debt securities. It also invests at least 25% of total assets in bank obligations. Fidelity Advisor® Strategic Income I. The investment seeks a high level of current income; it may also seek capital appreciation. The fund invests primarily in debt securities, including lower-quality debt securities. It allocates its assets among four general investment categories: high yield securities, U.S. government and investment-grade securities, emerging market securities, and foreign developed market securities. The fund uses a neutral mix of approximately 40% high yield, 30% U.S. government and investment-grade, 15% emerging markets, and 15% foreign developed markets. Harbor International Institutional. The investment seeks long-term total return, principally from growth of capital. The fund invests normally in a minimum of ten countries through the world, focusing on companies located in Europe, the Pacific Basin and emerging industrialized countries whose economies and political regimes appear stable. It invests primarily (no less than 65% of its total assets) in common and preferred stocks of foreign companies, including those located in emerging market countries. Companies in the fund’s portfolio generally have market capitalizations in excess of $1 billion at the time of purchase. Invesco Growth and Income Y. The investment seeks total return through growth of capital and current income. Under normal market conditions, the fund’s investment adviser seeks to achieve the fund’s investment objective by investing primarily in income-producing equity securities, which include common stocks and convertible securities. It may invest in securities of issuers in all capitalization sizes; however, a substantial number of the issuers in which the funds invests are large-capitalization issuers. The fund may invest up to 25% of its net assets in securities of foreign issuers, which may include depositary receipts. JPMorgan Mid Cap Value Instl. The investment seeks growth from capital appreciation. The fund normally invests at least 80% of assets in equity securities of mid cap companies. Mid cap companies are companies with market capitalizations between $1 billion and $20 billion at the time of purchase. In implementing its main strategies, the fund’s investments are primarily in common stocks and REITs. It will use futures contracts to more effectively gain targeted equity exposure from its cash positions. JPMorgan Mortgage-Backed Securities Sel. The investment seeks to maximize total return by investing primarily in a diversified portfolio of debt securities backed by pools of residential and/or commercial mortgages. The fund invests mainly in investment grade 16 Table of Contents mortgage-backed securities or unrated mortgage-backed securities which the adviser determines to be of comparable quality. Under normal circumstances, it invests at least 80% of its assets in mortgage-backed securities. The fund’s average weighted maturity will normally range between two and ten years. Morgan Stanley Inst Mid Cap Growth I. The investment seeks long-term capital growth. The fund normally invests at least 80% of assets in common stocks of mid cap companies. It seeks to invest in high quality companies it believes have sustainable competitive advantages and the ability to redeploy capital at high rates of return. The fund may invest up to 25% of its net assets in securities of foreign issuers, including issuers located in emerging markets or developing countries. It may invest in privately placed securities. In addition, the Portfolio may invest in convertible securities. It may utilize foreign currency forward exchange contracts. Nationwide Destination 2010 Instl. The investment seeks capital appreciation and income consistent with its current asset allocation. The fund is a “fund of funds” that invests in affiliated and unaffiliated mutual funds representing a variety of asset classes. It invests in a professionally selected mix of different asset classes that is tailored for investors planning to retire in, or close to, the year 2010. The fund allocates approximately 52% of its assets in fixed-income securities (10% of which represents inflation-protected bonds), approximately 27% in U.S. stocks (12% of which represents smaller companies), and approximately 15% in international stocks. It is non-diversified. Nationwide Destination 2015 Instl. The investment seeks capital appreciation and income consistent with its current asset allocation. The fund is a “fund of funds” that invests in affiliated and unaffiliated mutual funds representing a variety of asset classes. It invests in a professionally selected mix of different asset classes that is tailored for investors planning to retire in, or close to, the year 2015. The fund allocates approximately 32% of its net assets in U.S. stocks (14% of which represents smaller companies), approximately 18% in international stocks, and approximately 43% in fixed-income securities. It is non-diversified. Nationwide Destination 2020 Instl. The investment seeks capital appreciation and income consistent with its current asset allocation. The fund is a “fund of funds” that invests in affiliated and unaffiliated mutual funds representing a variety of asset classes. It invests in a professionally selected mix of different asset classes that is tailored for investors planning to retire in, or close to, the year 2020. The fund allocates approximately 37% of its net assets in U.S. stocks (16% of which represents smaller companies), approximately 21% in international stocks, and approximately 33.5% in fixed-income securities. It is non-diversified. Nationwide Destination 2025 Instl. The investment seeks capital appreciation and income consistent with its current asset allocation. The fund is a “fund of funds” that invests in affiliated and unaffiliated mutual funds representing a variety of asset classes. It invests in a professionally selected mix of different asset classes that is tailored for investors planning to retire in, or close to, the year 2025. The fund allocates approximately 44% of its net assets in U.S. stocks (20% of which represents smaller companies), approximately 23% in international stocks, and approximately 23.5% in fixed-income securities. It is non-diversified. 17 Table of Contents Nationwide Destination 2030 Instl. The investment seeks capital appreciation and income consistent with its current asset allocation. The fund is a “fund of funds” that invests in affiliated and unaffiliated mutual funds representing a variety of asset classes. It invests in a professionally selected mix of different asset classes that is tailored for investors planning to retire in, or close to, the year 2030. The fund allocates approximately 50% of its net assets in U.S. stocks (23% of which represents smaller companies), approximately 25% in international stocks, and approximately 16.5% in bonds (including mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities). It is non-diversified. Nationwide Destination 2035 Instl. The investment seeks capital appreciation and income consistent with its current asset allocation. The fund is a “fund of funds” that invests in affiliated and unaffiliated mutual funds representing a variety of asset classes. It invests in a professionally selected mix of different asset classes that is tailored for investors planning to retire in, or close to, the year 2035. The fund allocates approximately 54% of its net assets in U.S. stocks (26% of which represents smaller companies), approximately 26% in international stocks, and approximately 11.5% in bonds (including mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities). It is non-diversified. Nationwide Destination 2040 Instl. The investment seeks capital appreciation and income consistent with its current asset allocation. The fund is a “fund of funds” that invests in affiliated and unaffiliated mutual funds representing a variety of asset classes. It invests in a professionally selected mix of different asset classes that is tailored for investors planning to retire in, or close to, the year 2040. The fund allocates approximately 58% of its net assets in U.S. stocks (29% of which represents smaller companies) and approximately 28% in international stocks. It is non-diversified. Nationwide Destination 2045 Instl. The investment seeks capital appreciation and income consistent with its current asset allocation. The fund is a “fund of funds” that invests in affiliated and unaffiliated mutual funds representing a variety of asset classes. It invests in a professionally selected mix of different asset classes that is tailored for investors planning to retire in, or close to, the year 2045. The fund allocates approximately 61% of its net assets in U.S. stocks (31% of which represents smaller companies) and approximately 28% in international stocks. It is non-diversified. Nationwide Destination 2050 Instl. The investment seeks capital appreciation and income consistent with its current asset allocation. The fund is a “fund of funds” that invests in affiliated and unaffiliated mutual funds representing a variety of asset classes. It invests in a professionally selected mix of different asset classes that is tailored for investors planning to retire in, or close to, the year 2050. The fund allocates approximately 61% of its net assets in U.S. stocks (31% of which represents smaller companies) and approximately 28% in international stocks. It is non-diversified. Nationwide Destination 2055 Instl. The investment seeks capital appreciation and income consistent with its current asset allocation. The fund is a “fund of funds” that invests in affiliated and unaffiliated mutual funds representing a variety of asset classes. It invests in a professionally selected mix of different asset classes that is tailored for investors planning to retire in, or close to, the year 2055. The fund allocates approximately 61% of its net assets in 18 Table of Contents U.S. stocks (31% of which represents smaller companies) and approximately 28% in international stocks. It is non-diversified. Nationwide Retirement Income Instl. The investment seeks to provide current income consistent with capital preservation and, as a secondary investment objective, capital appreciation. The fund is a “fund of funds” that invests in affiliated and unaffiliated mutual funds representing a variety of asset classes. It invests in a professionally selected mix of different asset classes that is tailored for investors that have already retired. The fund allocates approximately 62% of its assets in fixed-income securities (14% of which represents inflation-protected bonds) and approximately 27% in stocks. It is non-diversified. Oppenheimer Developing Markets Y. The investment seeks capital appreciation. The fund mainly invests in common stocks of issuers in developing and emerging markets throughout the world and at times it may invest up to 100% of its total assets in foreign securities. Under normal market conditions, it will invest at least 80% of its net assets, plus borrowings for investment purposes, in equity securities of issuers whose principal activities are in a developing market or are economically tied to a developing market country. The fund will invest in at least three developing markets. Oppenheimer Global Opportunities Y. The investment seeks capital appreciation. The fund invests mainly in equity securities of issuers in the U.S. and foreign countries. It currently emphasizes investments in equities, but it may also invest in debt securities and may invest up to 25% of its asset in “lower-grade” securities, commonly known as “junk bonds.” The fund typically invests in a number of different countries and can invest in any country, including countries with developing or emerging markets. It invests a substantial portion of its assets in small- and mid-sized companies. PIMCO Low Duration Instl. The investment seeks maximum total return, consistent with preservation of capital and prudent investment management. The funds invests at least 65% of its total assets in a diversified portfolio of Fixed Income Instruments of varying maturities, which may be represented by forwards or derivatives such as options, futures contracts, or swap agreements. It invests primarily in investment grade debt securities, but may invest up to 10% of its total assets in high yield securities (“junk bonds”) rated B or higher by Moody’s, or equivalently rated by S&P or Fitch, or, if unrated, determined by PIMCO to be of comparable quality. PIMCO Real Return Instl. The investment seeks maximum real return, consistent with preservation of capital and prudent investment management. The fund normally invests at least 80% of its net assets in inflation-indexed bonds of varying maturities issued by the U.S. and non-U.S. governments, their agencies or instrumentalities, and corporations, which may be represented by forwards or derivatives such as options, futures contracts or swap agreements. It invests primarily in investment grade securities, but may invest up to 10% of its total assets in high yield securities (“junk bonds”) rated B or higher. The funds is non-diversified. Principal High Yield Inst. The investment seeks to provide a relatively high level of current income. The fund invests at least 80% of its net assets, plus any borrowings for investment purposes, in below investment grade bonds (sometimes called “high yield bonds” 19 Table of Contents or “junk bonds”) which are rated at the time of each purchase Ba1 or lower by Moody’s and BB+ or lower by S&P. It also invests in bank loans (also known as senior floating rate interests) and securities of foreign issuers, including those located in developing or emerging countries. The fund maintains an average portfolio duration that is within ±20% of the duration of the Barclays US High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index. Principal MidCap Institutional. The investment seeks long-term growth of capital. The fund normally invests at least 80% of its net assets, plus any borrowings for investment purposes, in equity securities of companies with medium market capitalizations at the time of each purchase. It invests in equity securities with value and/or growth characteristics and constructs an investment portfolio that has a “blend” of equity securities with these characteristics. Investing in value equity securities is an investment strategy that emphasizes buying equity securities that appear to be undervalued. Ridgeworth Total Return Bond I. The investment seeks total return that consistently exceeds the total return of the broad U.S. investment grade bond market. The fund invests in various types of income-producing debt securities including mortgage- and asset-backed securities, government and agency obligations, corporate obligations and floating rate loans. It normally invests at least 80% of its net assets (plus any borrowings for investment purposes) in fixed income securities. The fund may invest in debt obligations of U.S. and non-U.S. issuers, including emerging market debt. It may invest up to 20% of its net assets in below investment grade, high yield debt obligations. Sentinel Small Company I. The investment seeks growth of capital. The fund invests at least 80% of its net assets in small-capitalization companies. Small-capitalization companies are companies that have, at the time of purchase, market capitalizations of less than $4 billion. It invests primarily in common stocks of small companies that Sentinel believes are high quality, have superior business models, solid management teams, sustainable growth potential and are attractively valued. The fund may invest without limitation in foreign securities, although only where the securities are trading in the U.S. or Canada and only where trading is denominated in U.S. or Canadian dollars. T. Rowe Price Capital Appreciation . The investment seeks long-term capital appreciation. The fund will invest at least 50% of total assets in the common stocks of established U.S. companies that the managers believe have above-average potential for capital growth. The remaining assets are generally invested in convertible securities, corporate and government debt, bank loans (which represent an interest in amounts owed by a borrower to a syndicate of lenders), and foreign securities, in keeping with the fund’s objective. It may invest up to 25% of its total assets in foreign securities. The fund may invest up to 25% of its total assets in below investment-grade debt securities and bank loans. T. Rowe Price Small-Cap Value. The investment seeks long-term capital growth. The fund will invest at least 80% of its net assets (including any borrowings for investment purposes) in companies with a market capitalization that is within or below the range of companies in the Russell 2000 Index. It may invest in foreign stocks in keeping with the fund’s objectives. The fund may sell securities for a variety of reasons, such as to secure gains, limit losses, or redeploy assets into more promising opportunities. 20 Table of Contents Vanguard Wellesley® Income Inv. The investment seeks to provide long-term growth of income and a high and sustainable level of current income, along with moderate and long-term capital appreciation. The fund invests approximately 60% to 65% of assets in investment-grade corporate, U.S. Treasury, and government agency bonds, as well as mortgage-backed securities. The remaining 35% to 40% of fund assets are invested in common stocks of companies that have a history of above-average dividends or expectations of increasing dividends. Wells Fargo Advantage Intl Bond Instl. The investment seeks total return, consisting of income and capital appreciation. The fund normally invests at least 80% of the fund’s net assets in foreign debt securities, including obligations of governments, corporate entities or supranational agencies, denominated in various currencies. It invests in at least three countries or supranational agencies. The fund invests up to 35% of the fund’s total assets in debt securities that are below investment grade and up to 5% of the fund’s total assets in debt obligations or similar securities denominated in the local currencies of countries that have a sovereign debt rating below investment-grade. New Pathfinder Common Stock. In connection with the stock offering, you may, in the manner described earlier, direct the trustee to invest a portion of your Plan account in New Pathfinder Common Stock, provided that such amount does not exceed 90 percent of your total Plan account balance as of the first day of the 401(k) Plan Offering Period. The trustee will use all amounts elected by participants to acquire shares of New Pathfinder Common Stock in the conversion and common stock offering. After the offering, you may elect to invest a portion of your payroll deduction contributions or employer contributions in New Pathfinder Common Stock. You may also elect to invest in New Pathfinder Common Stock with a portion of your accounts currently invested in other funds under the Plan. However, no more than 90 percent of your total Plan account balance can be invested in New Pathfinder Common Stock. It is expected that all purchases will be made at prevailing market prices. Under certain circumstances, the trustee may be required to limit the daily volume of shares purchased. Pending investment in New Pathfinder Common Stock, amounts allocated towards the purchase of shares in the offering will be held in your self-directed brokerage account maintained by Plan through TD Ameritrade. In the event of an oversubscription, any earnings that result therefrom will be reinvested among the other funds of the Plan in accordance with your then existing investment election. Performance of New Pathfinder Common Stock will depend on a number of factors, including the financial condition and profitability of New Pathfinder and Pathfinder Bank and market conditions for New Pathfinder Common Stock generally. For a discussion of material risks you should consider, see the “Risk Factors” section of the accompanying prospectus and the section of the prospectus supplement called “Notice of Your Rights Concerning Employer Securities” (see below). An investment in any of the investment options listed above is not a deposit of a bank and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. As with any investment option, there is always a risk that you may lose money on your investment in any of the investment options listed above. 21 Table of Contents Administration of the Plan The Trustee and Custodian . The trustee of the Plan is James A. Dowd (the “Trustee”). The custodian of the Plan is Nationwide. However, New Pathfinder Common Stock purchased through the Plan will be held in your self-directed brokerage account maintained by the Plan through TD Ameritrade. Plan Administrator . Pursuant to the terms of the Plan, the Plan is administered by the Plan administrator, Pathfinder Bank. The address of the Plan administrator is 214 West First Street, Oswego, New York 13126, telephone number is (315) 343-0057. The Plan administrator is responsible for the administration of the Plan, interpretation of the provisions of the Plan, prescribing procedures for filing applications for benefits, preparation and distribution of information explaining the Plan, maintenance of Plan records, books of account and all other data necessary for the proper administration of the Plan, preparation and filing of all returns and reports relating to the Plan which are required to be filed with the U.S. Department of Labor and the Internal Revenue Service, and for all disclosures required to be made to participants, beneficiaries and others under Sections 104 and 105 of ERISA. Reports to Plan Participants . The Plan administrator will furnish you a statement at least quarterly showing the balance in your account as of the end of that period, the amount of contributions allocated to your account for that period, and any adjustments to your account to reflect earnings or losses (if any). Amendment and Termination It is the intention of Pathfinder Bank to continue the Plan indefinitely. Nevertheless, Pathfinder Bank may terminate the Plan at any time. If the Plan is terminated in whole or in part, then regardless of other provisions in the Plan, you will have a fully vested interest in your accounts. Pathfinder Bank reserves the right to make any amendment or amendments to the Plan which do not cause any part of the trust to be used for, or diverted to, any purpose other than the exclusive benefit of participants or their beneficiaries; provided, however, that Pathfinder Bank may make any amendment it determines necessary or desirable, with or without retroactive effect, to comply with ERISA. Merger, Consolidation or Transfer In the event of the merger or consolidation of the Plan with another plan, or the transfer of the trust assets to another plan, the Plan requires that you would, if either the Plan or the other plan terminates, receive a benefit immediately after the merger, consolidation or transfer which is equal to or greater than the benefit you would have been entitled to receive immediately before the merger, consolidation or transfer, if the Plan had then terminated. Federal Income Tax Consequences The following is a brief summary of the material federal income tax aspects of the Plan. You should not rely on this summary as a complete or definitive description of the material 22 Table of Contents federal income tax consequences relating to the Plan. Statutory provisions change, as do their interpretations, and their application may vary in individual circumstances. Finally, the consequences under applicable state and local income tax laws may not be the same as under the federal income tax laws. Please consult your tax advisor with respect to any distribution from the Plan and transactions involving the Plan. As a “tax-qualified retirement plan,” the Code affords the Plan special tax treatment, including: (1) the sponsoring employer is allowed an immediate tax deduction for the amount contributed to the Plan each year; (2) participants pay no current income tax on amounts contributed by the employer on their behalf; and (3) earnings of the Plan are tax-deferred, thereby permitting the tax-free accumulation of income and gains on investments. Pathfinder Bank will administer the Plan to comply with the requirements of the Code as of the applicable effective date of any change in the law. Lump-Sum Distribution . A distribution from the Plan to a participant or the beneficiary of a participant will qualify as a lump-sum distribution if it is made within one taxable year, on account of the participant’s death, disability or separation from service, or after the participant attains age 59½, and consists of the balance credited to participants under the Plan and all other profit sharing plans, if any, maintained by Pathfinder Bank. The portion of any lump-sum distribution required to be included in your taxable income for federal income tax purposes consists of the entire amount of the lump-sum distribution, less the amount of after-tax contributions, if any, you have made to this Plan and any other profit sharing plans maintained by Pathfinder Bank, which is included in the distribution. New Pathfinder Common Stock Included in Lump-Sum Distribution . If a lump-sum distribution includes New Pathfinder Common Stock, the distribution generally will be taxed in the manner described above, except that the total taxable amount may be reduced by the amount of any net unrealized appreciation with respect to New Pathfinder Common Stock; that is, the excess of the value of New Pathfinder at the time of the distribution over its cost or other basis of the securities to the trust. The tax basis of New Pathfinder Common Stock, for purposes of computing gain or loss on its subsequent sale, equals the value of New Pathfinder Common Stock at the time of distribution, less the amount of net unrealized appreciation. Any gain on a subsequent sale or other taxable disposition of New Pathfinder Common Stock, to the extent of the amount of net unrealized appreciation at the time of distribution, will constitute long-term capital gain, regardless of the holding period of New Pathfinder Common Stock. Any gain on a subsequent sale or other taxable disposition of New Pathfinder Common Stock, in excess of the amount of net unrealized appreciation at the time of distribution, will be considered long-term capital gain. The recipient of a distribution may elect to include the amount of any net unrealized appreciation in the total taxable amount of the distribution, to the extent allowed by regulations to be issued by the Internal Revenue Service. 23 Table of Contents Distributions: Rollovers and Direct Transfers to Another Qualified Plan or to an IRA . You may roll over virtually all distributions from the Plan to another qualified plan or to an individual retirement account in accordance with the terms of the other plan or account. Notice of Your Rights Concerning Employer Securities. Federal law provides specific rights concerning investments in employer securities. Because you may in the future have investments in New Pathfinder Common Stock under the Plan, you should take the time to read the following information carefully. Your Rights Concerning Employer Securities . The Plan must allow you to elect to move any portion of your account that is invested in New Pathfinder Common Stock from that investment into other investment alternatives under the Plan. You may contact the Plan administrator shown above for specific information regarding this right, including how to make this election. In deciding whether to exercise this right, you will want to give careful consideration to the information below that describes the importance of diversification. All of the investment options under the Plan are available to you if you decide to diversify out of your investment in New Pathfinder Common Stock. The Importance of Diversifying Your Retirement Savings . To help achieve long-term retirement security, you should give careful consideration to the benefits of a well-balanced and diversified investment portfolio. Spreading your assets among different types of investments can help you achieve a favorable rate of return, while minimizing your overall risk of losing money. This is because market or other economic conditions that cause one category of assets, or one particular security, to perform very well often cause another asset category, or another particular security, to perform poorly. If you invest more than 20% of your retirement savings in any one company or industry, your savings may not be properly diversified. Although diversification is not a guarantee against loss, it is an effective strategy to help you manage investment risk. In deciding how to invest your retirement savings, you should take into account all of your assets, including any retirement savings outside of the Plan. No single approach is right for everyone because, among other factors, individuals have different financial goals, different time horizons for meeting their goals, and different tolerance for risk. Therefore, you should carefully consider the rights described here and how these rights affect the amount of money that you invest in employer common stock through the Plan. It is also important to periodically review your investment portfolio, your investment objectives, and the investment options under the Plan to help ensure that your retirement savings will meet your retirement goals. Additional Employee Retirement Income Security Act (“ERISA”) Considerations As noted above, the Plan is subject to certain provisions of ERISA, including special provisions relating to control over the Plan’s assets by participants and beneficiaries. The Plan’s feature that allows you to direct the investment of your account balances is intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 404(c) of ERISA relating to control over plan assets by a participant or 24 Table of Contents beneficiary. The effect of this is two-fold. First, you will not be deemed a “fiduciary” because of your exercise of investment discretion. Second, no person who otherwise is a fiduciary, such as Pathfinder Bank, the Plan administrator, or the Plan’s trustee is liable under the fiduciary responsibility provision of ERISA for any loss which results from your exercise of control over the assets in your Plan account. Because you will be entitled to invest up to 90% of your account balance in the Plan in New Pathfinder Common Stock, the regulations under Section 404(c) of the ERISA require that the Plan establish procedures that ensure the confidentiality of your decision to purchase, hold, or sell employer securities, except to the extent that disclosure of such information is necessary to comply with federal or state laws not preempted by ERISA. These regulations also require that your exercise of voting and similar rights with respect to New Pathfinder Common Stock be conducted in a way that ensures the confidentiality of your exercise of these rights. Securities and Exchange Commission Reporting and Short-Swing Profit Liability Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 imposes reporting and liability requirements on officers, directors, and persons beneficially owning more than 10% of public companies such as New Pathfinder. Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires the filing of reports of beneficial ownership. Within 10 days of becoming an officer, director or person beneficially owning more than 10% of the shares of New Pathfinder, a Form 3 reporting initial beneficial ownership must be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Changes in beneficial ownership, such as purchases, sales and gifts generally must be reported periodically, either on a Form 4 within two business days after the change occurs, or annually on a Form 5 within 45 days after the close of New Pathfinder’s fiscal year. Discretionary transactions in and beneficial ownership of New Pathfinder Common Stock by officers, directors and persons beneficially owning more than 10% of New Pathfinder Common Stock generally must be reported to the Securities and Exchange Commission by such individuals. In addition to the reporting requirements described above, Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 provides for the recovery by New Pathfinder of profits realized by an officer, director or any person beneficially owning more than 10% of New Pathfinder Common Stock resulting from non-exempt purchases and sales of New Pathfinder Common Stock within any six-month period. The Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted rules that provide exemptions from the profit recovery provisions of Section 16(b) for all transactions in employer securities within an employee benefit plan, provided certain requirements are met. These requirements generally involve restrictions upon the timing of elections to acquire or dispose of employer securities for the accounts of Section 16(b) persons. Except for distributions of New Pathfinder Common Stock due to death, disability, retirement, termination of employment or under a qualified domestic relations order, persons affected by Section 16(b) are required to hold shares of New Pathfinder Common Stock distributed from the Plan for six months following such distribution and are prohibited from 25 Table of Contents directing additional purchases of New Pathfinder Common Stock for six months after receiving such a distribution. Financial Information Regarding Plan Assets Financial information representing the net assets available for Plan benefits and the change in net assets available for Plan benefits at December 31, 2013, is available upon written request to the Plan administrator at the address shown above. LEGAL OPINION The validity of the issuance of New Pathfinder Common Stock has been passed upon by Luse Gorman Pomerenk & Schick, P.C., Washington, D.C., which firm acted as special counsel to Pathfinder Bank in connection with New Pathfinder’s stock offering. 26 PROSPECTUS PATHFINDER BANCORP, INC. (Proposed Holding Company for Pathfinder Bank) Up to 2,300,000 Shares of Common Stock (Subject to Increase to up to 2,645,000 Shares) Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc., a Maryland corporation, is offering up to 2,300,000 shares of common stock for sale at $10.00 per share on a best efforts basis in connection with the conversion of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC from the mutual holding company to the stock holding company form of organization. The shares we are offering represent the ownership interest in Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc., a federal corporation, currently owned by Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC. In this prospectus, we will refer to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc., the Maryland corporation, as “New Pathfinder,” and we will refer to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc., the federal corporation, as “Pathfinder-Federal.” Pathfinder-Federal’s common stock is currently traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol “PBHC,” and we expect the shares of New Pathfinder common stock will also trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “PBHC.” The shares of common stock are first being offered in a subscription offering to eligible depositors and tax-qualified employee benefit plans of Pathfinder Bank, as described in this prospectus. Shares not purchased in the subscription offering may be offered for sale to the general public in a community offering, with a preference given to natural persons (including trusts of natural persons) residing in the communities served by Pathfinder Bank and existing stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal. Any shares of common stock not purchased in the subscription or community offerings may be offered to the public through a syndicate of broker-dealers, referred to in this prospectus as the syndicated offering. The subscription, community and syndicated offerings are collectively referred to in this prospectus as the offering. We must sell a minimum of 1,700,000 shares in order to complete the offering and the conversion. In addition to the shares we are selling in the offering, the shares of Pathfinder-Federal currently held by the public will be exchanged for shares of common stock of New Pathfinder based on an exchange ratio that will result in existing public stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal owning approximately the same percentage of New Pathfinder common stock as they owned in Pathfinder-Federal common stock immediately prior to the completion of the conversion, as adjusted for assets held by Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC. The number of shares we expect to issue in the exchange ranges from 1,097,324 shares to 1,484,614 shares. The minimum order is 25 shares. The subscription offering and community offering (if commenced) are expected to expire at 2:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on [expiration date]. We may extend this expiration date without notice to you until [extension date #1]. Once submitted, orders are irrevocable unless the subscription and/or community offerings are terminated or extended, with regulatory approval, beyond [extension date #1], or the number of shares of common stock to be sold is increased to more than 2,645,000 shares or decreased to less than 1,700,000 shares. If the offering is extended past [extension date #1], all subscribers will be notified and given an opportunity to confirm, change or cancel their orders. If you do not respond to this notice, we will promptly return your funds with interest at [interest rate]% per annum or cancel your deposit account withdrawal authorization. If the number of shares to be sold in the offering is increased to more than 2,645,000 shares or decreased to less than 1,700,000 shares, we will resolicit subscribers, and all funds delivered to us to purchase shares of common stock in the offering will be returned promptly with interest. Funds received in the subscription and the community offerings, and, if applicable, the syndicated offering will be held in a segregated account at Pathfinder Bank and will earn interest at [interest rate]% per annum until completion or termination of the offering. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., A Stifel Company will assist us in selling the shares on a best efforts basis in the subscription and community offerings, and will serve as sole book-running manager for any syndicated offering. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. is not required to purchase any shares of common stock that are being offered for sale. OFFERING SUMMARY Price: $10.00 per Share Minimum Midpoint Maximum Adjusted Maximum Number of shares 1,700,000 2,000,000 2,300,000 2,645,000 Gross offering proceeds $ 17,000,000 $ 20,000,000 $ 23,000,000 $ 26,450,000 Estimated offering expenses, excluding selling agent fees and expenses $ 1,055,000 $ 1,055,000 $ 1,055,000 $ 1,055,000 Selling agent fees and expenses (1) $ 410,000 $ 410,000 $ 410,000 $ 410,000 Estimated net proceeds $ 15,535,000 $ 18,535,000 $ 21,535,000 $ 24,985,000 Estimated net proceeds per share $ 9.14 $ 9.27 $ 9.36 $ 9.45 (1) The amounts shown assume that 100% of the shares are sold in the subscription and community offerings. The amounts shown further assume that Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. will receive (i) a success fee of $225,000, (ii) reimbursable expenses up to $155,000; and (iii) $30,000 for records management fees and expenses. See “The Conversion and Offering—Plan of Distribution; Selling Agent and Underwriter Compensation” for information regarding compensation to be received by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. in the subscription and community offerings and the compensation to be received by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. and any other broker-dealers that may participate in a syndicated offering. If all shares of common stock were sold in the syndicated offering, the selling agent and broker-dealers’ commissions would be approximately $1.0 million, $1.2 million, $1.4 million and $1.6 million at the minimum, midpoint, maximum and adjusted maximum levels of the offering, respectively. This investment involves a degree of risk, including the possible loss of principal. Please read “Risk Factors” beginning on page 19. These securities are not deposits or accounts and are not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the New York Department of Financial Services, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, nor any state securities regulator has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is accurate or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods A Stifel Company For assistance, please contact the Stock Information Center at [telephone number]. The date of this prospectus is [prospectus date]. [MAP TO BE INSERTED ON INSIDE FRONT COVER] TABLE OF CONTENTS Page SUMMARY 1 RISK FACTORS 19 SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA 31 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 34 HOW WE INTEND TO USE THE PROCEEDS FROM THE OFFERING 35 OUR DIVIDEND POLICY 36 MARKET FOR THE COMMON STOCK 37 HISTORICAL AND PRO FORMA REGULATORY CAPITAL COMPLIANCE 39 CAPITALIZATION 40 IMPACT OF PATHFINDER BANCORP, MHC’S ASSETS ON MINORITY STOCK OWNERSHIP 42 PRO FORMA DATA 43 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 51 BUSINESS OF NEW PATHFINDER 73 BUSINESS OF PATHFINDER-FEDERAL AND PATHFINDER BANK 73 SUPERVISION AND REGULATION 102 TAXATION 112 MANAGEMENT 114 BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF COMMON STOCK 127 SUBSCRIPTIONS BY DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 128 THE CONVERSION AND OFFERING 129 COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDERS’ RIGHTS FOR EXISTING STOCKHOLDERS OF PATHFINDER BANCORP, INC. 153 RESTRICTIONS ON ACQUISITION OF NEW PATHFINDER 159 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK OF NEW PATHFINDER FOLLOWING THE CONVERSION 162 TRANSFER AGENT 163 EXPERTS 163 LEGAL MATTERS 164 WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 164 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-1 i Table of Contents SUMMARY The following summary explains the significant aspects of the conversion, the offering and the exchange of existing shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock for shares of New Pathfinder common stock. It may not contain all of the information that is important to you. Before making an investment decision, you should read this entire document carefully, including the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto, and the section entitled “Risk Factors.” Our Organizational Structure and the Proposed Conversion Since 1997 we have operated in a two-tiered mutual holding company structure. Pathfinder-Federal is our federally chartered, publicly-traded stock holding company and the parent company of Pathfinder Bank. At March 31, 2014, Pathfinder-Federal had consolidated assets of $525.8 million, deposits of $438.4 million and shareholders' equity of $43.8 million. Pathfinder-Federal’s parent company is Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, a federally chartered mutual holding company. At March 31, 2014, Pathfinder-Federal had 2,623,182 shares of common stock outstanding, of which 1,039,943 shares, or 39.6%, were owned by the public and the remaining 1,583,239 shares were held by Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC. Pursuant to the terms of the plan of conversion and reorganization, we are now converting from the mutual holding company corporate structure to the stock holding company corporate structure. Upon completion of the conversion, Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC and Pathfinder-Federal will cease to exist, and New Pathfinder will become the successor corporation to Pathfinder-Federal. The shares of New Pathfinder being offered in this offering represent the majority ownership interest in Pathfinder-Federal currently held by Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC. Public stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal will receive shares of common stock of New Pathfinder in exchange for their shares of Pathfinder-Federal at an exchange ratio intended to preserve the same aggregate ownership interest in New Pathfinder as they had in Pathfinder-Federal, as adjusted for the assets of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC. Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC’s shares of Pathfinder-Federal will be cancelled. In connection with the completion of the conversion, Pathfinder Bank will revoke its Section 10(l) election so that New Pathfinder will be a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, subject to supervision and regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Systems (the “Federal Reserve Board”). 1 Table of Contents The following diagram shows our current organizational structure, reflecting ownership percentages as of March 31, 2014: 2 Table of Contents After the conversion and offering are completed, we will be organized as a fully public holding company, as follows: 3 Table of Contents Our Business Pathfinder Bank is a community bank that has served the banking needs of its customers since 1859. Pathfinder Bank conducts its community banking business from eight banking offices located in Oswego and Onondaga Counties, New York. Additionally, in the third quarter of 2014 we will open a new business banking office in Syracuse, New York. We are primarily engaged in the business of attracting deposits from the general public in our market area, and investing such deposits, together with other sources of funds, in loans secured by one- to four-family residential real estate, commercial real estate, commercial and municipal loans, and to a lesser extent, home equity and junior lien loans and consumer loans. Additionally, over the past several years, we have focused on growing our commercial real estate and commercial loan portfolios, and we intend to continue to grow these portfolios in the future. We invest a portion of our assets in securities issued by the United States Government and its agencies, government sponsored enterprises, state and municipal obligations, corporate debt securities, mutual funds, and equity securities. We also invest in mortgage-backed securities primarily issued or guaranteed by United States Government sponsored enterprises. Our principal sources of funds are deposits, principal and interest payments on loans and investments, as well as borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York (“FHLBNY”). Our principal source of income is from interest income received on loans and investment securities. Our principal expenses are interest paid on deposits and borrowings, employee compensation and benefits, data processing and facilities. In December 2013, we acquired a controlling interest in FitzGibbons Agency, LLC, a property and casualty and life and health insurance brokerage business, which is a new source of our non-interest income. We also operate a limited purpose commercial bank subsidiary, Pathfinder Commercial Bank, which serves the depository needs of municipalities and public entities in our market area. New York law requires municipal deposits to be held only by commercial banks. At March 31, 2014, Pathfinder Commercial Bank held $78.0 million in deposits. Pathfinder Bank is subject to extensive regulation by the New York Department of Financial Services (“NYDFS”) and by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “FDIC”). Pathfinder Bank is a member of the FHLBNY. Pathfinder Bank’s main office is located at 214 West First Street, Oswego, New York and the telephone number at that address is (315) 343-0057. Its internet address is www.pathfinderbank.com . Information on our website is not and should not be considered to be a part of this prospectus. Business Strategy Our business strategy has been to transition from a traditional savings bank primarily focused on originating one- to four-family residential real estate loans to a more diversified loan composition similar to a commercial bank, while at the same time, maintaining our high standards of customer service and convenience. We have emphasized developing our business banking by offering products desirable to small businesses in our market area. Notwithstanding, a significant portion of our lending activity has been, and will continue to be, the origination of one- to four-family residential real estate loans. Highlights of our business strategy are as follows: · Expanding our business banking . We have increased our emphasis on servicing the needs of small businesses in our market area. We intend to use our branch office network and experienced commercial deposit specialists to provide convenient commercial loan and deposit products and services to business customers, including merchant and remote deposit capture services. We believe that by developing our commercial relationships with small businesses we will be able to offer a variety of services and deposit products that will provide a growing source of fee income to Pathfinder Bank. We have introduced new products and services in order to attract new business customers and we will continue to expand our products to help meet the needs of our business customers. · Continuing our emphasis on commercial business and commercial real estate lending . In recent years, we have sought to significantly increase our commercial business and commercial real 4 Table of Contents estate lending, consistent with safe and sound underwriting practices. In this regard, we have added personnel who are experienced in originating and servicing our commercial real estate and commercial business loans. At March 31, 2014, commercial real estate loans totaled $102.6 million, or 29.5% of loans, compared with $62.2 million, or 23.8% of loans, at December 31, 2009. At March 31, 2014, commercial and municipal loans totaled $51.6 million, or 14.8% of loans, compared with $35.4 million, or 13.5% of loans, at December 31, 2009. We view the growth of our commercial business and commercial real estate loans as a means of diversifying and increasing our interest income and establishing relationships with local businesses, which provide a recurring and broader source of fee income and deposits. We expect that our emphasis on commercial business and commercial real estate lending will complement our traditional one- to four-family residential real estate lending. · Diversifying our products and services with a goal of increasing non-interest income over time . We have sought to reduce our dependence on net interest income by increasing the fee income for services we provide. We offer property and casualty, life and health insurance through our subsidiary, Pathfinder Risk Management Company, Inc., and its insurance agency subsidiary, the FitzGibbons Agency, LLC. Additionally, Pathfinder Bank’s investment services provides brokerage services for the purchase of stocks, bonds, mutual funds, annuities, and long-term care products. We intend to gradually grow these businesses in the years ahead. We have already added personnel for Pathfinder Bank’s investment services. At March 31, 2014, there were $30.8 million in assets under management for our investment services division. We believe that there will be opportunities to cross-sell these products to our deposit and borrower customers which may increase our non-interest income. · Continuing to grow our customer relationships and deposit base by expanding our branch network . As conditions permit, we will expand our branch network through a combination of de novo branching and acquisitions of branches or other financial services companies. We believe that as we expand our branch network, our customer relationships and deposit base will continue to grow. During the third quarter of 2014, we intend to open a business banking office in Syracuse, New York. As we continue to grow our lending operations in Onondaga County, we anticipate opening additional branches in Onondaga County based on customer demand. As of June 30, 2013, our total deposits represented 31.2% of all deposits in Oswego County, but only 0.46% of all deposits in Onondaga County. As we expand our branch network, we expect our deposit base in Onondaga County to increase. We do not currently have any agreements or understandings regarding specific de novo branches or acquisitions. Additionally, we have committed significant resources to establish a banking platform to accommodate future growth by upgrading our information technology, maintaining a robust risk management and compliance staff, hiring additional commercial lenders and credit analysts, and upgrading our physical infrastructure. We believe that these investments will enable us to achieve operational efficiencies with minimal additional investments, while providing increased convenience for our customers. · Utilizing the net proceeds from the conversion to continue the controlled growth of Pathfinder Bank. In 2009, we sold $6.7 million of Series A Preferred Stock to the U.S. Treasury as part of the Troubled Asset Relief Program (“TARP”). In September 2011, we replaced the Series A Preferred Stock with $13.0 million in gross proceeds from the sale of Series B Preferred Stock to the U.S. Treasury as part of the Small Business Lending Fund (“SBLF”). At March 31, 2014, the Series B Preferred Stock had an annual dividend rate of 1.0% which will increase to 9.0% in March 2016. We have used the proceeds from the sale of preferred stock to provide capital for asset growth and increased lending. During the period between December 31, 2009 and March 31, 2014, our total assets grew by $154.2 million, or 41.5%, principally through organic loan origination and deposit growth. We believe that we can successfully utilize the net proceeds from the conversion to continue our asset growth and create a banking platform that will improve our profitability and create operational efficiencies for Pathfinder Bank. · Providing quality customer service. Our strategy emphasizes providing quality customer service delivered through our branch network and meeting the financial needs of our customer base by 5 Table of Contents offering a full complement of loan, deposit and online banking solutions (i.e., internet banking). We intend to open a new business banking office in Syracuse, New York in the third quarter of 2014 to increase the convenience of our branch network for our Onondaga County customers. Our competitive advantage is our ability to make decisions, such as approving loans, more quickly than our larger competitors. Customers enjoy, and will continue to enjoy, access to senior executives and local decision makers at Pathfinder Bank and the flexibility it brings to their businesses. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Business Strategy.” Reasons for the Conversion and Offering Our primary reasons for converting to the fully public stock form of ownership and undertaking the stock offering are to: · Support organic growth. Pathfinder Bank has experienced consistent organic deposit and loan growth over the past 6 years as we have expanded our geographical footprint, increased our emphasis on growing our commercial loan and deposit relationships, and leveraged certain market opportunities, including obtaining $13.0 million in capital through SBLF. At December 31, 2009, our total assets and total deposits were $371.7 million and $296.8 million, respectively, compared to our total assets and total deposits of $525.8 million and $438.4 million, respectively, at March 31, 2014. The conversion will enable us to support additional deposit and loan growth as we expand into the Syracuse market area with the opening of our new business banking office in the third quarter of 2014. · Improve the liquidity of our shares of common stock . The greater number of shares that will be outstanding after completion of the conversion and offering is expected to result in a more liquid and active market for New Pathfinder common stock than has existed for Pathfinder-Federal common stock. A more liquid and active market will make it easier for our stockholders to buy and sell our common stock and will give us greater flexibility in implementing capital management strategies. · Enhance our regulatory capital position. A strong capital position is essential to achieving our long-term objective of building stockholder value. While Pathfinder Bank exceeds all regulatory capital requirements, the proceeds from the offering will greatly strengthen our capital position and enable us to support our planned growth and expansion. Minimum regulatory capital requirements will also increase in the future under recently adopted regulations, and compliance with these new requirements will be essential to the continued implementation of our business strategy. · Eliminate the uncertainties associated with the mutual holding company structure under financial reform legislation . Under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or Dodd-Frank Act, the Federal Reserve Board became the federal regulator of all savings and loan holding companies and mutual holding companies. This has resulted in changes in regulations applicable to Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC and Pathfinder-Federal, particularly changes with respect to the waiver of dividends by Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC which is a key component of our mutual holding company structure and impacts the value of Pathfinder-Federal’s common stock. The Federal Reserve Board currently requires “grandfathered” mutual holding companies, like Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, to obtain depositor approval and comply with other procedural requirements prior to waiving dividends, which makes dividend waivers more difficult and costly to obtain. As a result, Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC has not waived dividends declared on Pathfinder-Federal’s common stock during the past several years. Instead, all dividends declared by Pathfinder-Federal have been paid to Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, as well as our public stockholders, resulting in a tax liability for Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, fewer capital 6 Table of Contents resources available to Pathfinder-Federal and Pathfinder Bank and a decrease in the exchange ratio for our public stockholders upon conversion to stock form. The conversion will eliminate our mutual holding company structure, and enable us to pay dividends to our stockholders without the limitations described above, subject to the customary legal, regulatory and financial considerations applicable to all financial institutions. See “Our Dividend Policy.” It also will eliminate the risk that the Federal Reserve Board will amend existing regulations applicable to the conversion process in a manner disadvantageous to our public stockholders or depositors. · Transition us to a more familiar and flexible organizational structure . The stock holding company structure is a more familiar form of organization, which we believe will make our common stock more appealing to investors, and will give us greater flexibility to access the capital markets through possible future equity and debt offerings, although we have no current plans, agreements or understandings regarding any additional securities offerings. · Facilitate future mergers and acquisitions . Although we do not currently have any understandings or agreements regarding any specific acquisition transaction, the stock holding company structure will give us greater flexibility to structure mergers and acquisitions of other financial institutions or financial services companies as opportunities arise, which will make us a more attractive and competitive bidder for such institutions. The additional capital raised in the offering also will enable us to consider larger merger transactions. In addition, although we intend to remain an independent financial institution, the stock holding company structure may make us a more attractive acquisition candidate for other institutions. Applicable regulations prohibit the acquisition of New Pathfinder for three years following completion of the conversion. Terms of the Offering We are offering between 1,700,000 and 2,300,000 shares of common stock to eligible depositors of Pathfinder Bank and to our tax-qualified employee benefit plans in a subscription offering. To the extent shares remain available, we may offer shares in a community offering to the general public, with a preference given first to natural persons (including trusts of natural persons) residing in Oswego, Onondaga, Madison, Oneida, Cortland, Lewis, Jefferson, Cayuga and Wayne Counties, New York, and then to our existing public stockholders. We may also offer for sale shares not purchased in the subscription or community offerings to the general public in a syndicated offering. The number of shares of common stock to be sold may be increased to up to 2,645,000 shares as a result of demand for the shares of common stock in the offering or changes in market conditions. Unless the number of shares of common stock to be offered is increased to more than 2,645,000 shares or decreased to fewer than 1,700,000 shares, or the offering is extended beyond [extension date #1], subscribers will not have the opportunity to change or cancel their stock orders once submitted. If the offering is extended past [extension date #1], all subscribers will be notified and given an opportunity to confirm, change or cancel their orders. If you do not respond to this notice, your order will be cancelled and we will promptly return your funds with interest at [interest rate]% per annum or cancel your deposit account withdrawal authorization. If the number of shares to be sold is increased to more than 2,645,000 shares or decreased to less than 1,700,000 shares, all subscribers’ stock orders will be cancelled, their withdrawal authorizations will be cancelled and funds delivered to us to purchase shares of common stock in the offering will be returned promptly with interest at [interest rate]% per annum. We will then resolicit subscribers, giving them an opportunity to place new orders for a period of time. The purchase price of each share of common stock offered for sale in the offering is $10.00. All investors will pay the same purchase price per share. Investors will not be charged a commission to purchase shares of common stock in the offering. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., our marketing agent in the offering, will use its best efforts to assist us in selling shares of our common stock in the offering but is not obligated to purchase any shares of common stock in the offering. For a more complete discussion of the terms of the offering, see “The Conversion and Offering.” 7 Table of Contents How We Determined the Offering Range, the Exchange Ratio and the $10.00 Per Share Stock Price The amount of common stock we are offering for sale and the exchange ratio for the exchange of shares of Pathfinder-Federal for shares of New Pathfinder are based on an independent appraisal of the estimated market value of New Pathfinder that assumes the offering is completed and adjusts the exchange ratio to reflect assets held by Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC (including the payment of a $0.03 per share dividend by Pathfinder-Federal to stockholders in the second quarter of 2014, and the anticipated payments of cash dividends in the third quarter of 2014). RP Financial, LC., our independent appraiser, has estimated that, as of May 16, 2014, this market value was $32.9 million. Based on federal regulations, this market value forms the midpoint of a valuation range with a minimum of $28.0 million and a maximum of $37.8 million. Based on this valuation range, the 60.8% ownership interest (adjusted for dilution) of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC in Pathfinder-Federal as of March 31, 2014 being sold in the offering and the $10.00 per share price, the number of shares of common stock being offered for sale by New Pathfinder ranges from 1,700,000 shares to 2,300,000 shares. The $10.00 per share price was selected primarily because it is the price most commonly used in mutual-to-stock conversions of financial institutions. The exchange ratio ranges from 1.0552 shares at the minimum of the offering range to 1.4276 shares at the maximum of the offering range, and subject to adjustment for the assets of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, stockholders will own the same percentage of the common stock of New Pathfinder after the conversion as they held in Pathfinder-Federal immediately prior to the conversion, without giving effect to new shares purchased in the offering or cash paid in lieu of any fractional shares. If demand for shares or market conditions warrant, the appraisal may be increased by 15%, which would result in an appraised value of $43.5 million, an offering of 2,645,000 shares of common stock, and an exchange ratio of 1.6417 shares. The appraisal is based in part on Pathfinder-Federal’s financial condition and results of operations, the pro forma effect of the additional capital raised by the sale of shares of common stock in the offering, and an analysis of a peer group of ten publicly traded thrift holding companies that RP Financial, LC. considers comparable to Pathfinder-Federal. The appraisal peer group consists of the following companies, all of which are traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market. Company Name Ticker Symbol Headquarters Total Assets (1) (In millions) Alliance Bancorp of Pennsylvania ALLB PA $ 426 Chicopee Bancorp, Inc. CBNK MA $ 588 CMS Bancorp, Inc. CMSB NY $ 263 Georgetown Bancorp, Inc. GTWN MA $ 263 Hampden Bancorp, Inc. HBNK MA $ 694 Oneida Financial Corp. ONFC NY $ 742 Peoples Federal Bancshares, Inc. PEOP MA $ 588 TF Financial Corporation THRD PA $ 836 Wellesley Bancorp, Inc. WEBK MA $ 459 WVS Financial Corp. WVFC PA $ 314 (1) Asset size for all companies is as of December 31, 2013. The following table presents a summary of selected pricing ratios for New Pathfinder (on a pro forma basis) based on earnings and other information as of and for the twelve months ended March 31, 2014 and for the peer group companies based on earnings and other information as of and for the twelve months ended March 31, 2014 or the most recent twelve-month period financial data available, and stock prices as of May 16, 2014 as reflected in the appraisal report. Compared to the average pricing of the peer group, our pro forma pricing ratios at the midpoint of the offering range indicated a discount of 28.2% on a price-to-book value basis, a discount of 24.1% on a price-to-tangible book value basis, and a discount of 16.9% on a price-to-earnings basis. 8 Table of Contents Price-to-earnings multiple (1) Price-to-book value ratio Price-to-tangible book value ratio New Pathfinder (on a pro forma basis, assuming completion of the conversion) Adjusted Maximum 23.43 x 80.58 % 88.03 % Maximum 20.29 x 74.46 % 81.77 % Midpoint 17.58 x 68.45 % 75.59 % Minimum 14.89 x 61.73 % 68.63 % Valuation of peer group companies, all of which are fully converted (on an historical basis) Averages 21.16 x 95.31 % 99.65 % Medians 21.04 x 96.63 % 99.21 % (1) Price-to-earnings multiples calculated by RP Financial, LC. in the independent appraisal are based on an estimate of “core” or recurring earnings on a trailing twelve-month basis through March 31, 2014 for New Pathfinder and March 31, 2014 or the most recent twelve-month period available for the peer group companies. These ratios are different than those presented in “Pro Forma Data.” The independent appraisal does not indicate trading market value. Do not assume or expect that our valuation as indicated in the appraisal means that after the conversion and offering the shares of our common stock will trade at or above the $10.00 per share purchase price. Furthermore, the pricing ratios presented in the appraisal were used by RP Financial, LC. to estimate our pro forma appraised value for regulatory purposes and not to compare the relative value of shares of our common stock with the value of the capital stock of the peer group. The value of the capital stock of a particular company may be affected by a number of factors such as financial performance, asset size and market location. For a more complete discussion of the amount of common stock we are offering for sale and the independent appraisal, see “The Conversion and Offering—Stock Pricing and Number of Shares to be Issued.” Impact of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC’s Assets on Minority Stock Ownership In the exchange, the public common stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal will receive shares of common stock of New Pathfinder in exchange for their shares of common stock of Pathfinder-Federal pursuant to an exchange ratio that is designed to provide, subject to adjustment, that the stockholders will own the same percentage of the common stock of New Pathfinder after the conversion as they held in Pathfinder-Federal immediately prior to the conversion, without giving effect to new shares purchased in the offering or cash paid in lieu of any fractional shares. However, the exchange ratio will be adjusted downward to reflect assets held by Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC (other than shares of stock of Pathfinder-Federal), which assets consist primarily of cash relating to dividends paid by Pathfinder-Federal. Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC had net assets of $250,927 as of March 31, 2014, not including Pathfinder-Federal common stock. The appraisal also accounts for Pathfinder-Federal’s dividend of $0.03 per share paid to stockholders in the second quarter of 2014 and assumes the payment of an equivalent dividend in the third quarter of 2014 prior to the completion of the conversion. The adjustments described above will decrease Pathfinder-Federal’s stockholders’ ownership interest in New Pathfinder from 39.64% to 39.23% of common stock at March 31, 2014. If Pathfinder-Federal declares any further dividends before the completion of the conversion, public common stockholders’ ownership interest in Pathfinder-Federal will be further diluted. The Exchange of Existing Shares of Pathfinder-Federal Common Stock If you are currently a common stockholder of Pathfinder-Federal, at the completion of the conversion your shares of common stock will be exchanged for shares of common stock of New Pathfinder. The number of shares of common stock you will receive will be based on the exchange ratio, which will depend upon our final appraised value and the percentage of outstanding shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock owned by public common stockholders immediately prior to the completion of the conversion, as adjusted for the assets of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC. The following table shows how the exchange ratio will adjust, based on the appraised value of New Pathfinder as of May 16, 2014, assuming public common stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal own 39.2% of Pathfinder-Federal common stock immediately prior to the completion of the conversion. The table also shows the number of shares of New Pathfinder common stock a hypothetical owner of Pathfinder-Federal common stock would receive in exchange for 100 shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock owned at the completion of the conversion, depending on the number of shares of common stock issued in the offering. 9 Table of Contents Shares to be Sold in This Offering Shares of New Pathfinder to be Issued for Shares of Pathfinder-Federal Total Shares of Common Stock to be Issued in Exchange and Exchange Equivalent Value of Shares Based Upon Offering Equivalent Pro Forma Tangible Book Value Per Exchanged Shares to be Received for 100 Existing Amount Percent Amount Percent Offering (1) Ratio (1) Price (2) Share (3) Shares (4) Minimum 1,700,000 60.8 % 1,097,324 39.2 % 2,797,324 1.0552 $ 10.55 $ 15.37 105 Midpoint 2,000,000 60.8 1,290,969 39.2 3,290,969 1.2414 12.41 16.42 124 Maximum 2,300,000 60.8 1,484,614 39.2 3,784,614 1.4276 14.28 17.46 142 Adjusted Maximum 2,645,000 60.8 1,707,306 39.2 4,352,306 1.6417 16.42 18.65 164 (1) Valuation and ownership ratios reflect dilutive impact of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC’s assets upon completion of the conversion. See “—Impact of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC’s Assets On Minority Stock Ownership” for more information regarding the dilutive impact of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC’s assets on the valuation and ownership ratios. (2) Represents the value of shares of New Pathfinder common stock to be received in the conversion by a holder of one share of Pathfinder-Federal common stock, pursuant to the exchange ratio, based upon the $10.00 per share purchase price. (3) Represents the pro forma tangible book value per share of common stock at each level of the offering range multiplied by the respective exchange ratio. (4) Cash will be paid in lieu of fractional shares. If you own shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock in a brokerage account in “street name,” your shares will be exchanged automatically within your account, so you do not need to take any action to exchange your shares of common stock. If your shares are represented by physical Pathfinder-Federal stock certificates, after the completion of the conversion, our transfer agent will mail to you a transmittal form with instructions to surrender your stock certificate(s). You should not submit a stock certificate until you receive a transmittal form. A statement reflecting your ownership of New Pathfinder common stock will be mailed to you within five business days after the transfer agent receives a properly executed transmittal form and your Pathfinder-Federal stock certificate(s). New Pathfinder will not issue stock certificates. No fractional shares of New Pathfinder common stock will be issued to any public stockholder of Pathfinder-Federal. For each fractional share of common stock that otherwise would be issued, New Pathfinder will pay in cash an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying the fractional share interest to which the holder otherwise would be entitled by the $10.00 per share offering price. Pathfinder-Federal’s Series B Preferred Stock will not be redeemed in connection with the conversion and will be exchanged for preferred stock of New Pathfinder with the same rights and preferences identical to the Series B Preferred Stock of Pathfinder-Federal on a one for one exchange basis. No other preferred stock will be issued as a result of the conversion. Outstanding options to purchase shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock also will convert into and become options to purchase shares of New Pathfinder common stock based upon the exchange ratio. The aggregate exercise price, duration and vesting schedule of these options will not be affected by the conversion. At March 31, 2014, there were 105,500 outstanding options to purchase shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock, 38,500 of which have vested. Such outstanding options will be converted into options to purchase 111,323 shares of New Pathfinder common stock at the minimum of the offering range and 150,611 shares of New Pathfinder common stock at the maximum of the offering range. Because federal regulations prohibit us from repurchasing our common stock during the first year following the conversion unless compelling business reasons exist for such repurchases, we may use authorized but unissued shares to fund option exercises that occur during the first year following the conversion. If all existing options were exercised and funded with authorized but unissued shares of common stock following the conversion, stockholders would experience ownership dilution of approximately 3.8% at the minimum of the offering range. How We Intend to Use the Proceeds From the Offering We intend to invest at least 50% of the net proceeds from the offering in Pathfinder Bank, loan funds to our employee stock ownership plan to fund its purchase of shares of common stock in the offering and retain the 10 Table of Contents remainder of the net proceeds from the offering at New Pathfinder. Therefore, assuming we sell 2,000,000 shares of common stock in the offering, and we have net proceeds of $18.5 million, we intend to invest $9.3 million in Pathfinder Bank, loan $800,000 to our employee stock ownership plan to fund its purchase of shares of common stock, and retain the remaining $8.5 million of the net proceeds at New Pathfinder. New Pathfinder may use the funds it retains for investment, to pay cash dividends, to repurchase shares of common stock, to acquire other financial institutions and for other general corporate purposes. Pathfinder Bank may use the proceeds it receives to support increased lending and other products and services, to expand its branch network, or to acquire other financial institutions or other financial services companies. Please see the section of this prospectus entitled “How We Intend to Use the Proceeds from the Offering” for more information on the proposed use of the proceeds from the offering. Persons Who May Order Shares of Common Stock in the Offering We are offering the shares of common stock in a subscription offering in the following descending order of priority: (i) To depositors with accounts at Pathfinder Bank with aggregate balances of at least $50 at the close of business on March 31, 2013. (ii) To our tax-qualified employee benefit plans (including Pathfinder Bank’s employee stock ownership plan and Pathfinder Bank’s 401(k) plan), which may subscribe for up to 10% of the shares of common stock sold in the offering. We expect our employee stock ownership plan to purchase 4% of the shares of common stock sold in the stock offering. (iii) To depositors with accounts at Pathfinder Bank with aggregate balances of at least $50 at the close of business on [Supplemental Eligibility Record Date]. (iv) To depositors of Pathfinder Bank at the close of business on [Depositor Record Date]. Shares of common stock not purchased in the subscription offering may be offered for sale to the general public in a community offering, with a preference given first to natural persons (including trusts of natural persons) residing in Oswego, Onondaga, Madison, Oneida, Cortland, Lewis, Jefferson, Cayuga and Wayne Counties, New York, and then to Pathfinder-Federal’s public stockholders as of [Stockholder Record Date]. The community offering, if any, may begin concurrently with, during or promptly after the subscription offering. We also may offer for sale shares of common stock not purchased in the subscription offering or the community offering through a syndicated offering. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. will act as sole book-running manager for the syndicated offering. We have the right to accept or reject, in our sole discretion, orders received in the community offering or syndicated offering. Any determination to accept or reject stock orders in the community offering or syndicated offering will be based on the facts and circumstances available to management at the time of the determination. If we receive orders for more shares than we are offering, we may not be able to fully or partially fill your order. Shares will be allocated first to categories in the subscription offering. A detailed description of the subscription offering, the community offering and the syndicated offering, as well as a discussion regarding allocation procedures, can be found in the section of this prospectus entitled “The Conversion and Offering.” Limits on How Much Common Stock You May Purchase The minimum number of shares of common stock that may be purchased is 25 shares. Generally, no individual (or group of individuals exercising subscription rights through a single deposit account held jointly) may purchase more than 25,000 shares ($250,000) of common stock. If any of the following persons purchases shares of common stock, their purchases, in all categories of the offering, when combined with your purchases, cannot exceed 50,000 shares ($500,000) of common stock: 11 Table of Contents · your spouse or relatives of you or your spouse living in your house; · most companies, trusts or other entities in which you are a trustee, have a substantial beneficial interest or hold a senior position; or · other persons who may be your associates or persons acting in concert with you. Unless we determine otherwise, persons having the same address and persons exercising subscription rights through qualifying deposit accounts registered to the same address will be subject to the overall purchase limitation of 50,000 shares ($500,000). In addition to the above purchase limitations, there is an ownership limitation for current stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal other than our employee stock ownership plan. Shares of common stock that you purchase in the offering individually and together with persons described above, plus any shares you and they receive in exchange for existing shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock, may not exceed 9.9% of the total shares of common stock to be issued and outstanding after the completion of the conversion. However, if, based on your current ownership level, you will own more than 9.9% of the total shares of common stock to be issued and outstanding after the completion of the conversion following the exchange of your shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock, you will not need to divest any of your shares. You will be required to obtain the approval or non-objection of the Federal Reserve Board prior to acquiring more than 10% of New Pathfinder’s common stock. Subject to regulatory approval, we may increase or decrease the purchase and ownership limitations at any time. See the detailed description of the purchase limitations in “The Conversion and Offering—Additional Limitations on Common Stock Purchases.” How You May Purchase Shares of Common Stock in the Subscription Offering and the Community Offering In the subscription offering and community offering, you may pay for your shares only by: (i) personal check, bank check or money order made payable to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.; or (ii) authorizing us to withdraw available funds from the types of Pathfinder Bank deposit accounts designated on the stock order form. Pathfinder Bank is not permitted to lend funds to anyone to purchase shares of common stock in the offering. Additionally, you may not use a Pathfinder Bank line of credit check or any type of third party check to pay for shares of common stock. Please do not submit cash. You may not designate withdrawal from Pathfinder Bank’s accounts with check-writing privileges; instead, please submit a check. If you request that we directly withdraw the funds, we reserve the right to interpret that as your authorization to treat those funds as if we had receive a check for the designated amount, and we will immediately withdraw the amount from your checking account. You may not authorize direct withdrawal from a Pathfinder Bank retirement account. See “—Using Individual Retirement Account Funds to Purchase Shares of Common Stock.” You may subscribe for shares of common stock in the subscription and community offerings by delivering a signed and completed original stock order form, together with full payment payable to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. or authorization to withdraw funds from one or more of your Pathfinder Bank deposit accounts without check-writing privileges, provided that the stock order form is received before 2:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on [expiration date], which is the end of the subscription offering period. You may submit your stock order form and payment by mail using the stock order reply envelope provided or by overnight delivery to our Stock Information Center at the address noted on the stock order form. You may also hand-deliver stock order forms to our main office located at 214 West First Street, Oswego, New York. Hand-delivered stock order forms will only be accepted at this location. We will not accept stock order forms at our banking offices. Please do not mail stock order forms to Pathfinder Bank’s offices. 12 Table of Contents Please see “The Conversion and Offering— Procedure for Purchasing Shares—Payment for Shares” for a complete description of how to purchase shares in the subscription and community offerings. Using Individual Retirement Account Funds to Purchase Shares of Common Stock You may be able to subscribe for shares of common stock using funds in your individual retirement account, or IRA. If you wish to use some or all of the funds in your Pathfinder Bank individual retirement account, the applicable funds must be transferred to a self-directed account maintained by an independent trustee, such as a brokerage firm, and the purchase must be made through that account. If you do not have such an account, you will need to establish one before placing your stock order. An annual administrative fee may be payable to the independent trustee. Because individual circumstances differ and the processing of retirement fund orders takes additional time, we recommend that you contact our Stock Information Center promptly, preferably at least two weeks before the [expiration date] offering deadline, for assistance with purchases using your individual retirement account or other retirement account you may have at Pathfinder Bank or elsewhere . Whether you may use such funds to purchase shares in the stock offering may depend on timing constraints and, possibly, limitations imposed by the institution where the funds are held. See “The Conversion and Offering—Procedure for Purchasing Shares—Payment for Shares” and “—Using Individual Retirement Account Funds” for a complete description of how to use IRA funds to purchase shares in the stock offering. Market for Common Stock Existing publicly held shares of Pathfinder-Federal’s common stock are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “PBHC.” Upon completion of the conversion, the shares of common stock of New Pathfinder will replace the existing shares, and we expect the shares of New Pathfinder common stock will also trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “PBHC.” In order to list our stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market, we are required to have at least three broker-dealers who will make a market in our common stock. As of [Stockholder Record Date], Pathfinder-Federal had approximately ___ registered market makers in its common stock. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. currently makes a market in Pathfinder-Federal’s common stock and has advised us that they intend to make a market in New Pathfinder’s common stock following the offering, but are under no obligation to do so. Our Dividend Policy After the completion of the conversion, we intend to pay cash dividends on a quarterly basis. Initially, we expect the quarterly dividends to be $0.03 per share, which equals $0.12 per share on an annualized basis and an annual yield of 1.2% based on a price of $10.00 per share. The dividend rate and the initial and continued payment of dividends will depend on a number of factors, including our capital requirements, our financial condition and results of operations, tax considerations, statutory and regulatory limitations, and general economic conditions. We cannot assure you that any such dividends will not be reduced or eliminated in the future. For information regarding our current and proposed dividend policy, see “Our Dividend Policy.” For additional information regarding our ability to declare and pay cash dividends, see “Supervision and Regulation—Regulatory Developments.” Purchases by Officers and Directors We expect our directors and executive officers, together with their associates, to subscribe for 226,500 shares of common stock in the offering, representing 13.3% of shares to be sold at the minimum of the offering range. The purchase price paid by them will be the same $10.00 per share price paid by all other persons who purchase shares of common stock in the offering. Following the conversion, our directors and executive officers, together with their associates, are expected to beneficially own 478,844 shares of common stock (including stock 13 Table of Contents options exercisable within 60 days of [Stockholder Record Date]), or 17.1% of our total outstanding shares of common stock at the minimum of the offering range, which includes shares they currently own that will be exchanged for shares of New Pathfinder. See “Subscriptions by Directors and Executive Officers” for more information on the proposed purchases of shares of common stock by our directors and executive officers. Deadline for Orders of Shares of Common Stock in the Subscription and Community Offerings The deadline for purchasing shares of common stock in the subscription offering and community offering (if commenced) is 2:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on [expiration date], unless we extend this deadline. If you wish to purchase shares of common stock, a properly completed and signed original stock order form, together with full payment, must be received (not postmarked) by this time. Although we will make reasonable attempts to provide this prospectus and offering materials to holders of subscription rights, the subscription offering and all subscription rights will expire at 2:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on [expiration date] (unless extended), whether or not we have been able to locate each person entitled to subscription rights. See “The Conversion and Offering— Procedure for Purchasing Shares—Expiration Date” for a complete description of the deadline for purchasing shares in the stock offering. You May Not Sell or Transfer Your Subscription Rights Federal regulations prohibit you from transferring your subscription rights. If you order shares of common stock in the subscription offering, you will be required to certify that you are purchasing the common stock for yourself and that you have no agreement or understanding to sell or transfer your subscription rights or the shares that you are purchasing. We intend to take legal action, including reporting persons to federal agencies, against anyone who we believe has sold or transferred his or her subscription rights. We will not accept your order if we have reason to believe you have sold or transferred your subscription rights. On the order form, you cannot add the names of others for joint stock registration who do not have subscription rights or who qualify only in a lower subscription offering priority than you do. You may add only those who are eligible to purchase shares of common stock in the subscription offering at your date of eligibility. In addition, the stock order form requires that you list all deposit accounts, giving all names on each account and the account number at the applicable eligibility date. Failure to provide this information, or providing incomplete or incorrect information, may result in a loss of part or all of your share allocation if there is an oversubscription. Delivery of Shares of Common Stock All shares of common stock sold will be issued in book entry form. Stock certificates will not be issued. A statement reflecting ownership of shares of common stock issued in the subscription and community offerings will be mailed by our transfer agent to the persons entitled thereto at the registration address noted by them on their stock order forms as soon as practicable following consummation of the conversion and offering. We expect trading in the stock to begin on the day of completion of the conversion and offering or the next business day. The conversion and offering are expected to be completed as soon as practicable following satisfaction of the conditions described below in “—Conditions to Completion of the Conversion.” It is possible that until a statement reflecting ownership of shares of common stock is available and delivered to purchasers, purchasers might not be able to sell the shares of common stock that they purchased, even though the common stock will have begun trading. Your ability to sell your shares of common stock before receiving your statement will depend on arrangements you may make with a brokerage firm. 14 Table of Contents Conditions to Completion of the Conversion We cannot complete the conversion and offering unless: · The plan of conversion and reorganization is approved by at least a majority of votes eligible to be cast by depositors of Pathfinder Bank as of [Depositor Record Date]; · The plan of conversion and reorganization is approved by Pathfinder-Federal stockholders holding at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of common stock of Pathfinder-Federal as of [Stockholder Record Date], including shares held by Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC; · The plan of conversion and reorganization is approved by Pathfinder-Federal stockholders holding at least a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock of Pathfinder-Federal as of [Stockholder Record Date], excluding shares held by Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC; · We sell at least the minimum number of shares of common stock offered in the offering; · The NYDFS approves an amendment to Pathfinder Bank’s Restated Organization Certificate to provide for a liquidation account; and · We receive the approval of the Federal Reserve Board to complete the conversion and offering. Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC intends to vote its shares in favor of the plan of conversion and reorganization. At [Stockholder Record Date], Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC owned 60.4% of the outstanding shares of common stock of Pathfinder-Federal. At [Stockholder Record Date], the directors and executive officers of Pathfinder-Federal and their affiliates owned 239,149 shares of Pathfinder-Federal (excluding exercisable options), or 9.12% of the outstanding shares of common stock and 23.0% of the outstanding shares of common stock excluding shares held by Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC. They intend to vote those shares in favor of the plan of conversion and reorganization. Steps We May Take if We Do Not Receive Orders for the Minimum Number of Shares If we do not receive orders for at least 1,700,000 shares of common stock, we may take several steps in order to sell the minimum number of shares of common stock in the offering range. Specifically, we may: (i) increase the purchase and ownership limitations; and/or (ii) seek regulatory approval to extend the offering beyond [extension date #1], so long as we resolicit subscriptions that we have previously received in the offering; and/or (iii) increase the shares purchased by the employee stock ownership plan. If one or more purchase limitations are increased, subscribers in the subscription offering who ordered the maximum amount will be, and, in our sole discretion, some other large purchasers may be, given the opportunity to increase their subscriptions up to the then-applicable limit. Possible Change in the Offering Range RP Financial, LC. will update its appraisal before we complete the offering. If, as a result of demand for the shares or changes in market conditions, RP Financial, LC. determines that our pro forma market value has increased, we may sell up to 2,645,000 shares in the offering without further notice to you. If our pro forma market value at that time is either below $28.0 million or above $43.5 million, then, after consulting with the Federal Reserve Board, we may: 15 Table of Contents · terminate the stock offering and promptly return all funds (with interest paid on funds received in the subscription and community offerings); · set a new offering range; or · take such other actions as may be permitted by the Federal Reserve Board and the Securities and Exchange Commission. If we set a new offering range, we will promptly return funds, with interest at [interest rate]% per annum for funds received for purchases in the subscription and community offerings, and cancel any authorization to withdraw funds from deposit accounts for the purchase of shares of common stock. We will then resolicit subscribers, allowing them to place a new stock order for a period of time. Possible Termination of the Offering We may terminate the offering at any time prior to the special meeting of depositors that has been called to vote on the conversion, and at any time after depositor approval with the approval of the Federal Reserve Board. If we terminate the offering, we will promptly return your funds with interest at [interest rate]% per annum, and we will cancel deposit account withdrawal authorizations. Benefits to Management and Potential Dilution to Stockholders Resulting from the Conversion We expect our employee stock ownership plan, which is a tax-qualified retirement plan for the benefit of all Pathfinder Bank employees, to purchase up to 4% of the shares of common stock we sell in the offering. If market conditions warrant, in the judgment of its trustee, the employee stock ownership plan’s subscription order will not be filled and the employee stock ownership plan may elect to purchase shares in the open market following the completion of the conversion, subject to the approval of the Federal Reserve Board. Federal regulations permit us to implement one or more new stock-based benefit plans no earlier than six months after completion of the conversion. Stockholder approval of these plans would be required. Our current intention is to implement one or more new stock-based benefit plans, but we have not determined whether we would adopt the plans within 12 months following the completion of the conversion or more than 12 months following the completion of the conversion. If we implement stock-based benefit plans within 12 months following the completion of the conversion, the stock-based benefit plans would reserve a number of shares (i) up to 4% of the shares of common stock sold in the offering (reduced by amounts purchased by our 401(k) plan using its purchase priority in the stock offering) for awards of restricted stock to key employees and directors, at no cost to the recipients, and (ii) up to 10% of the shares of common stock sold in the offering for issuance pursuant to the exercise of stock options by key employees and directors. If the stock-based benefit plan is adopted more than 12 months after the completion of the conversion, it would not be subject to the percentage limitations set forth above. We have not yet determined the number of shares that would be reserved for issuance under these plans. For a description of our current stock-based benefit plan, see “Management—Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Equity Awards.” The following table summarizes the number of shares of common stock and the aggregate dollar value of grants that are available under one or more stock-based benefit plans if such plans reserve a number of shares of common stock equal to 4% and 10% of the shares sold in the stock offering for restricted stock awards and stock options, respectively. The table shows the dilution to stockholders if all such shares are issued from authorized but unissued shares, instead of shares purchased in the open market. A portion of the stock grants shown in the table below may be made to non-management employees. The table also sets forth the number of shares of common stock to be acquired by the employee stock ownership plan for allocation to all qualifying employees. 16 Table of Contents Number of Shares to be Granted or Purchased Dilution Value of Grants (In Thousands) (1) At Minimum of Offering Range At Adjusted Maximum of Offering Range As a Percentage of Common Stock to be Sold in the Offering Resulting From Issuance of Shares for Stock-Based Benefit Plans At Minimum of Offering Range At Adjusted Maximum of Offering Range Employee stock ownership plan 68,000 105,800 4.0 % N/A (2) $ 680 $ 1,058 Restricted stock awards 68,000 105,800 4.0 2.37 % 680 1,058 Stock options 170,000 264,500 10.0 5.73 % 428 667 Total 306,000 476,100 18.0 % 7.84 % $ 1,788 $ 2,783 (1) The actual value of restricted stock awards will be determined based on their fair value as of the date grants are made. For purposes of this table, fair value for stock awards is assumed to be the same as the offering price of $10.00 per share. The fair value of stock options has been estimated at $2.52 per option using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: a grant-date share price and option exercise price of $10.00; an expected option term of 10 years; a dividend yield of 1.2%; a risk-free rate of return of 2.73%; and expected volatility of 17.71%. The actual value of option grants will be determined by the grant-date fair value of the options, which will depend on a number of factors, including the valuation assumptions used and the option pricing model ultimately adopted. (2) No dilution is reflected for the employee stock ownership plan because such shares are assumed to be purchased in the offering. We may fund our stock-based benefit plans through open market purchases, as opposed to new issuances of stock; however, if any options previously granted under our existing 2010 Stock Option Plan are exercised during the first year following completion of the offering, they will be funded with newly issued shares as federal regulations do not permit us to repurchase our shares during the first year following the completion of the offering except to fund the grants of restricted stock or under extraordinary circumstances. The following table presents information as of March 31, 2014 regarding our employee stock ownership plan, our 2010 Stock Option Plan and our proposed stock-based benefit plan. The table below assumes that 3,784,614 shares are outstanding after the offering, which includes the sale of 2,300,000 shares in the offering at the maximum of the offering range and the issuance of new shares in exchange for shares of Pathfinder-Federal using an exchange ratio of 1.4276. It also assumes that the value of the stock is $10.00 per share. Existing and New Stock Benefit Plans Participants Shares at Maximum of Offering Range Estimated Value of Shares Percentage of Shares Outstanding After the Conversion Employee Stock Ownership Plan: Officers and Employees Shares purchased in 1995 offering (1) 132,158 (2) $ 1,321,580 3.5 % Shares purchased in 2011(1) 178,450 (3) 1,784,500 4.7 Redeemed employee stock ownership plan shares (30,771 ) (307,710 ) (0.8 ) Shares to be purchased in this offering 92,000 920,000 2.4 Total employee stock ownership plan shares 371,837 $ 3,718,370 9.8 % Restricted Stock Awards: Directors, Officers and Employees New shares of restricted stock 92,000 920,000 (4) 2.4 Total shares of restricted stock 92,000 $ 920,000 2.4 % Stock Options: Directors, Officers and Employees 2010 Stock Option Plan (1) 214,140 (5) $ 2,141,400 5.7 % New stock options 230,000 2,300,000 (6) 6.1 Total stock options 444,140 $ 4,441,400 11.8 % Total of stock benefit plans 907,977 $ 9,079,770 24.0 % (1) The number of shares indicated has been adjusted for the 1.4276 exchange ratio at the maximum of the offering range. (2) As of March 31, 2014, 132,158 of these shares, or 92,574 shares prior to adjustment for the exchange, have been allocated. (3) As of March 31, 2014, 40,151 of these shares, or 28,125 shares prior to adjustment for the exchange, have been allocated. (4) The value of restricted stock awards is determined based on their fair value as of the date grants are made. For purposes of this table, the fair value of awards under the new stock-based benefit plan is assumed to be the same as the offering price of $10.00 per share. (5) As of March 31, 2014, options to purchase 150,611 of these shares, or 105,500 shares prior to adjustment for the exchange, have been awarded, and options to purchase 54,962 of these shares, or 38,500 shares prior to adjustment for the exchange, have vested. 17 Table of Contents (6) The weighted-average fair value of stock options to be granted has been estimated at $2.52 per option, using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: exercise price, $10.00; trading price on date of grant, $10.00; dividend yield, 1.2%; expected term, 10 years; expected volatility, 17.71%; and risk-free rate of return, 2.73%. The actual value of option grants will be determined by the grant-date fair value of the options, which will depend on a number of factors, including the valuation assumptions used and the option pricing model ultimately adopted. Tax Consequences Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, Pathfinder-Federal, Pathfinder Bank and New Pathfinder have received an opinion of counsel, Luse Gorman Pomerenk & Schick, P.C., regarding the material federal income tax consequences of the conversion, and have received an opinion of Bonadio & Co., LLP regarding the material New York state tax consequences of the conversion. As a general matter, the conversion will not be a taxable transaction for purposes of federal or state income taxes to Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, Pathfinder-Federal (except for cash paid for fractional shares), Pathfinder Bank, New Pathfinder, persons eligible to subscribe in the subscription offering, or existing stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal. Existing stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal who receive cash in lieu of fractional shares of New Pathfinder will recognize a gain or loss equal to the difference between the cash received and the tax basis of the fractional share. How You Can Obtain Additional Information—Stock Information Center Our banking personnel may not, by law, assist with investment-related questions about the offering. If you have any questions regarding the conversion or offering, please call our Stock Information Center. The toll-free number is [telephone number]. The Stock Information Center is open Monday through Friday between 10:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m., Eastern Time. The Stock Information Center will be closed on bank holidays. 18 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS You should consider carefully the following risk factors in evaluating an investment in the shares of common stock. Risks Related to Our Business Our commercial real estate and commercial loans generally carry greater credit risk than loans secured by owner occupied one- to four-family real estate, and these risks will increase as we continue to increase these types of loans. At March 31, 2014, $151.4 million, or 43.5%, of our loan portfolio consisted of commercial real estate and commercial loans. Given their larger balances and the complexity of the underlying collateral, commercial real estate and commercial loans, which include commercial and industrial loans, generally expose a lender to greater credit risk than loans secured by owner occupied one- to four-family real estate. Also, many of our borrowers have more than one of these types of loans outstanding. Consequently, an adverse development with respect to one loan or one credit relationship may expose us to significantly greater risk of loss compared to an adverse development with respect to a one- to four-family residential real estate loan. These loans also have greater credit risk than residential real estate for the following reasons: · commercial real estate – repayment is generally dependent on income being generated in amounts sufficient to cover operating expenses and debt service. · commercial loans – repayment is generally dependent upon the successful operation of the borrower’s business. If loans that are collateralized by real estate or other business assets become troubled and the value of the collateral has been significantly impaired, then we may not be able to recover the full contractual amount of principal and interest that we anticipated at the time we originated the loan, which could cause us to increase our provision for loan losses which would in turn adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Furthermore, a key component of our strategy is to continue to increase our origination of commercial real estate and commercial loans to diversify our loan portfolio and increase our returns or yields on our loan portfolio. The proposed increase in these types of loans significantly increases our exposure to the risks inherent in these types of loans. Changing interest rates may have a negative effect on our results of operations. Our earnings and cash flows are dependent on our net interest income. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies and, in particular, the Federal Reserve Board. Changes in market interest rates may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our interest-bearing liabilities generally reprice or mature more quickly than our interest-earning assets. If rates increase rapidly, we may have to increase the rates we pay on our deposits, particularly our higher cost time deposits and borrowed funds, more quickly than any increase in interest rates that we earn on our loans and investments, which would adversely affect our net interest spread and net interest income. Furthermore, our mortgage lending varies directly with movements in interest rates, and increases in interest rates may negatively affect our ability to originate loans in the same volumes as we have in recent years. Increases in interest rates may also make it more difficult for borrowers to repay adjustable rate loans. Conversely, if market interest rates fall below current levels, our net interest margin may also be negatively affected if competitive pressures keep us from further reducing rates on our deposits, while the yields on our assets decrease more rapidly through loan prepayments and interest rate adjustments. Decreases in interest rates often result in increased prepayments of loans and mortgage-related securities, as borrowers refinance their loans to reduce borrowings costs. Under these circumstances, we are subject to reinvestment risk to the extent we are unable 19 Table of Contents to reinvest the cash received from such prepayments in loans or other investments that have interest rates that are comparable to the interest rates on existing loans and securities. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Management of Market Risk.” The Federal Reserve Board, in an attempt to help the overall economy, has, among other things, adopted a low interest rate policy through its targeted federal funds rate and the purchase of mortgage-backed securities. If the Federal Reserve Board reduces its purchases of mortgage-backed securities and increases the federal funds rate, market interest rates would likely rise, which may negatively affect the housing markets and the U.S. economic recovery. We have a high concentration of loans secured by real estate in our market area, which makes our business highly susceptible to downturns in the local economy and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Unlike larger financial institutions that are more geographically diversified, we are a community banking franchise located in central New York. At March 31, 2014, almost all of our mortgage loans were secured by real estate located in our primary market area in central New York. As a result, we have a greater risk of loan defaults and losses in the event of further economic weakness in our market area, which may have a negative effect on the ability of our borrowers to make timely payments of their loans. While economic conditions and real estate values nationwide declined during the last several years, economic conditions and real estate values within our market area have generally been depressed for an extended period of time. The unemployment rates in Oswego and Onondaga Counties were 9.1% and 6.4% in March 2014, respectively, as compared to the State of New York’s unemployment rate of 7.2% in March 2014 and the national unemployment rate of 6.7% in March 2014. The unemployment rates for Oswego and Onondaga Counties remain elevated compared to the unemployment rates that existed prior to the recession and financial crisis. A deterioration, continued stagnation or even minimal improvement in economic conditions generally and in the market areas we serve could result in the following consequences, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations: · loan delinquencies, problem assets and foreclosures may increase; · weak economic conditions may continue to limit the demand for loans by creditworthy borrowers, limiting our capacity to leverage our retail deposits and maintain our net interest income; and · the value of the collateral for our loans may decline further. Our business may be adversely affected by credit risk associated with residential property. At March 31, 2014, $167.1 million, or 48.0%, of our total loan portfolio was secured by one- to-four family real estate. One- to four-family residential mortgage lending is generally sensitive to regional and local economic conditions that significantly impact the ability of borrowers to meet their loan payment obligations, making loss levels difficult to predict. The real estate values within our market area have generally been depressed for an extended period of time, and as a result of the recent economic downturn, the value of the real estate collateral securing these types of loans has declined in some instances. Some of our residential mortgage loans are secured by liens on mortgage properties in which the borrowers have reduced equity because of the decline in home values. As a result, we have increased risk that we could incur losses if borrowers default on their loans because we may be unable to recover all or part of the defaulted loans by selling the real estate collateral. In addition, if the borrowers sell their homes, they may be unable to repay their loans in full from the sale proceeds. For these reasons, we may experience higher rates of delinquencies, default and loss on our residential mortgage loans. 20 Table of Contents If our nonperforming assets increase, our earnings will be adversely affected. At March 31, 2014, our nonperforming assets, which consist of non-performing loans (including non-accruing troubled debt restructurings) and other real estate owned, were $7.7 million, or 1.5% of total assets. Our nonperforming assets adversely affect our net income in various ways: · we record interest income only on the cash basis or cost-recovery method for non-accrual loans and we do not record interest income for other real estate owned; · we must provide for probable loan losses through a current period charge to the provision for loan losses; · noninterest expense increases when we write down the value of properties in our other real estate owned portfolio to reflect changing market values; · there are legal fees associated with the resolution of problem assets, as well as carrying costs, such as taxes, insurance, and maintenance fees; and · the resolution of nonperforming assets requires the active involvement of management, which can distract them from more profitable activity. If additional borrowers become delinquent and do not pay their loans and we are unable to successfully manage our nonperforming assets, our losses and troubled assets could increase significantly, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. If our allowance for loan losses is not sufficient to cover actual loan losses, our results of operations would be negatively affected. In determining the amount of the allowance for loan losses, we analyze our loss and delinquency experience by loan categories and we consider the effect of existing economic conditions. In addition, we make various assumptions and judgments about the collectibility of our loan portfolio, including the creditworthiness of our borrowers and the value of the real estate and other assets serving as collateral for the repayment of many of our loans. If the results of our analyses are incorrect, our allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to cover losses inherent in our loan portfolio, which would require additions to our allowance and would decrease our net income. Our emphasis on loan growth and on increasing our portfolio of commercial real estate loans, as well as any future credit deterioration, could require us to further increase our allowance in the future. In December 2012, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued for public comment its proposal to improve financial reporting about expected credit losses on loans and other financial assets held by banks, financial institutions, and other public and private organizations. Proposed Accounting Standards Update, Financial Instruments—Credit Losses (Subtopic 825-15), proposes a new accounting model intended to require more timely recognition of credit losses, while also providing additional transparency about credit risk. The FASB’s proposed model would utilize a single “expected credit loss” measurement objective for the recognition of credit losses, replacing the multiple existing impairment models in U.S. GAAP, which generally require that a loss be “incurred” before it is recognized. Under the proposal, management would be required to estimate the cash flows that it does not expect to collect, using all available information, including historical experience and reasonable and supportable forecasts about the future. It is widely believed that if this new model is ultimately adopted, financial institutions will be required to increase their allowance for loan losses on the statement of financial condition, with the associated addition to the provision for loan losses on the income statement . In addition, bank regulators periodically review our allowance for loan losses and may require us to increase our provision for loan losses or recognize further loan charge-offs. Any increase in our allowance for loan losses or loan charge-offs as required by these regulatory authorities may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 21 Table of Contents Our inability to achieve profitability on new branches may negatively affect our earnings . We currently intend to open a new business banking office in Syracuse, New York in the third quarter of 2014 and, subject to regulatory approval, we may open additional branches in the future. The profitability of this new branch and any future new branches will depend on whether the income that we generate from the additional branches will offset the increased expenses resulting from operating new branches. We expect that it may take time before new branches become profitable. During this period, operating new branches may negatively affect our operating results. We operate in a highly regulated environment and we are subject to supervision, examination and enforcement action by various bank regulatory agencies. We are subject to extensive supervision, regulation, and examination by the NYDFS, the FDIC and the Federal Reserve Board. As a result, we are limited in the manner in which we conduct our business, undertake new investments and activities, and obtain financing. This system of regulation is designed primarily for the protection of the Deposit Insurance Fund and our depositors, and not for the benefit of our stockholders. Under this system of regulation, the regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory, enforcement, rulemaking and examination activities and policies, including rules or policies that: establish minimum capital levels; restrict the timing and amount of dividend payments; govern the classification of assets; determine the adequacy of loan loss reserves for regulatory purposes; and establish the timing and amounts of assessments and fees. Moreover, as part of their examination authority, the banking regulators assign numerical ratings to banks and savings institutions relating to capital, asset quality, management, liquidity, earnings and other factors. These ratings are inherently subjective and the receipt of a less than satisfactory rating in one or more categories may result in enforcement action by the banking regulators against a financial institution. A less than satisfactory rating may also prevent a financial institution, such as Pathfinder Bank or its holding company, from obtaining necessary regulatory approvals to access the capital markets, pay dividends, acquire other financial institutions or establish new branches. Federal regulations governing the conversion require that we prepare a business plan that addresses, among other items, our projected operations and activities for three years following the conversion. The business plan is a confidential document that is submitted to the banking regulatory agencies and may not reflect currently unanticipated potential business opportunities or activities, such as increased dividends or acquisitions of other financial institutions. Federal regulations require that we operate within the parameters of the business plan, and that the Federal Reserve Board approve any material deviation from the business plan. This could affect our ability to conduct activities that deviate from the regulatory business plan that would otherwise benefit our stockholders. In addition, we must comply with significant anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism laws and regulations, Community Reinvestment Act laws and regulations, and fair lending laws and regulations. Government agencies have the authority to impose monetary penalties and other sanctions on institutions that fail to comply with these laws and regulations, which could significantly affect our business activities, including our ability to acquire other financial institutions or expand our branch network. The redemption of the Series B Preferred Stock we issued to the U.S. Treasury in connection with the SBLF may be dilutive to your stock ownership in New Pathfinder. The ownership interest of your common stock may be diluted to the extent we need to raise capital by issuing securities to redeem the outstanding Senior Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B (“Series B Preferred Stock”) we sold to the U.S. Treasury in connection with our participation in the SBLF. Because our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of any future offerings. Thus, our stockholders bear the risk of our future offerings related to redeeming the Series B Preferred Stock, including reducing the market price of our common stock and diluting stockholders’ holdings in our common stock. Holders of our common stock are not entitled to preemptive rights or other protections against dilution. 22 Table of Contents The dividend rate on our Series B Preferred Stock we issued in connection with the SBLF will increase to 9.0% if we have not redeemed the Series B Preferred Stock by March 1, 2016, which will impact net income available to holders of our common stock and earnings per share of our common stock. The per annum dividend rate on the 13,000 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock we sold to the U.S. Treasury was 1.0% per annum at March 31, 2014. Beginning on March 2, 2016, the per annum dividend rate on the Series B Preferred Stock will increase to a fixed rate of 9.0% if any Series B Preferred Stock remains outstanding. Depending on our financial condition at the time, any such increase in the dividend rate could have a material negative effect on our financial condition, including reducing our net income available to holders of our common stock and our earnings per share. We do not intend to redeem any Series B Preferred Stock in connection with the conversion. Failure to pay dividends on our Series B Preferred Stock may have negative consequences, including limiting our ability to pay dividends in the future. The Series B Preferred Stock issued in connection with our participation in the SBLF pays a non-cumulative quarterly dividend in arrears. Such dividends are not cumulative but we may only declare and pay dividends on our common stock (or any other equity securities junior to the Series B Preferred Stock) if we have declared and paid dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock for the current dividend period. Moreover, our ability to pay dividends is always subject to legal and regulatory restrictions. Any payment of dividends in the future will depend, in large part, on our earnings, capital requirements, financial condition and other factors considered relevant by the our board of directors. Although we have historically paid cash dividends on our common stock, we are not required to do so and our board of directors could further reduce or eliminate our common stock dividend in the future. We will become subject to more stringent capital requirements, which may adversely impact our return on equity, require us to raise additional capital, or constrain us from paying dividends or repurchasing shares. In July 2013, the FDIC and the Federal Reserve Board approved a new rule that will substantially amend the regulatory risk-based capital rules applicable to Pathfinder Bank and New Pathfinder. The final rule implements the “Basel III” regulatory capital reforms and changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act. The final rule includes new minimum risk-based capital and leverage ratios, which will be effective for Pathfinder Bank and New Pathfinder on January 1, 2015, and refines the definition of what constitutes “capital” for purposes of calculating these ratios. The new minimum capital requirements will be: (i) a new common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5%; (ii) a Tier 1 to risk-based assets capital ratio of 6% (increased from 4%); (iii) a total capital ratio of 8% (unchanged from current rules); and (iv) a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4%. The final rule also establishes a “capital conservation buffer” of 2.5%, and will result in the following minimum ratios: (i) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 7.0%, (ii) a Tier 1 to risk-based assets capital ratio of 8.5%, and (iii) a total capital ratio of 10.5%. The new capital conservation buffer requirement would be phased in beginning in January 2016 at 0.625% of risk-weighted assets and would increase each year until fully implemented in January 2019. An institution will be subject to limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases, and paying discretionary bonuses if its capital level falls below the buffer amount. These limitations will establish a maximum percentage of eligible retained income that can be utilized for such actions. The application of more stringent capital requirements for Pathfinder Bank and New Pathfinder could, among other things, result in lower returns on equity, require the raising of additional capital, and result in regulatory actions constraining us from paying dividends or repurchasing shares if we were unable to comply with such requirements. Furthermore, the imposition of liquidity requirements in connection with the implementation of Basel III could result in our having to lengthen the term of our funding, restructure our business models, and/or increase our holdings of liquid assets. 23 Table of Contents New regulations could restrict our ability to originate loans. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has issued a rule that became effective in January 2014, requiring creditors to assess a borrower’s ability to repay a mortgage loan. Loans that meet this “qualified mortgage” definition will be presumed to have complied with the new ability-to-repay standard and enjoy special protection. Under the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s rule, a “qualified mortgage” loan must not contain certain specified features, including: · excessive upfront points and fees (those exceeding 3% of the total loan amount, less “bona fide discount points” for prime loans); · interest-only payments; · negative-amortization; and · terms longer than 30 years. Also, to qualify as a “qualified mortgage,” a borrower’s total monthly debt-to-income ratio may not exceed 43%. Lenders must also verify and document the income and financial resources relied upon to qualify the borrower for the loan and underwrite the loan based on a fully amortizing payment schedule and maximum interest rate during the first five years, taking into account all applicable taxes, insurance and assessments. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s rule on qualified mortgages could limit our ability or desire to make certain types of loans or loans to certain borrowers, or could make it more expensive/and or time consuming to make these loans, which could limit our growth or profitability. A continuation or worsening of economic conditions could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Although the U.S. economy has emerged from the severe recession that occurred in 2008 and 2009, economic growth has been slow and unemployment levels remain high despite the Federal Reserve Board’s unprecedented efforts to maintain low market interest rates and encourage economic growth. Recovery by many businesses has been impaired by lower consumer spending. A discontinuation of the Federal Reserve Board’s bond purchasing program could result in higher interest rates and reduced economic activity. Moreover, a return to prolonged deteriorating economic conditions could significantly affect the markets in which we do business, the value of our loans and investments, and our ongoing operations, costs and profitability. Further declines in real estate values and continued elevated unemployment levels may result in greater loan delinquencies, increases in our nonperforming, criticized and classified assets and a decline in demand for our products and services. These events may cause us to incur losses and may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Pathfinder Bank’s reliance on brokered deposits could adversely affect its liquidity and operating results. Among other sources of funds, Pathfinder Bank relies on brokered deposits to provide funds with which to make loans and provide for other liquidity needs. On March 31, 2014, brokered deposits amounted to $39.6 million, or approximately 9.0% of total deposits. The only source Pathfinder Bank uses for brokered deposits is the Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Services (“CDARS”), a brokered deposit network that allows members to mitigate the liquidity risk related to brokered deposits. Generally brokered deposits may not be as stable as other types of deposits. In the future, those depositors may not replace their brokered deposits when they mature, or we may have to pay a higher rate of interest to keep those deposits or to replace them with other deposits or other sources of funds. Not being able to maintain or replace those deposits as they mature would adversely affect our liquidity. Paying higher deposit rates to maintain or replace brokered deposits would adversely affect our net interest margin and operating results. 24 Table of Contents Strong competition within our market areas may limit our growth and profitability. Competition in the banking and financial services industry is intense. In our market areas, we compete with commercial banks, savings institutions, mortgage brokerage firms, credit unions, finance companies, mutual funds, money market funds, insurance companies, and brokerage firms operating locally and elsewhere. Some of our competitors have greater name recognition and market presence and offer certain services that we do not or cannot provide, all of which benefit them in attracting business. In addition, larger competitors may be able to price loans and deposits more aggressively than we do. For additional information, see “Business of Pathfinder-Federal and Pathfinder Bank—Competition.” Our small size makes it more difficult for us to compete. Our small asset size makes it more difficult to compete with other financial institutions which are generally larger and can more easily afford to invest in the marketing and technologies needed to attract and retain customers. Because our principal source of income is the net interest income we earn on our loans and investments after deducting interest paid on deposits and other sources of funds, our ability to generate the revenues needed to cover our expenses and finance such investments is limited by the size of our loan and investment portfolios. Accordingly, we are not always able to offer new products and services as quickly as our competitors. Our lower earnings also make it more difficult to offer competitive salaries and benefits. In addition, our smaller customer base makes it difficult to generate meaningful non-interest income. Finally, as a smaller institution, we are disproportionately affected by ongoing increased costs of compliance with new banking and other regulations. We depend on our management team to implement our business strategy and execute successful operations. We are dependent upon the services of the members of our senior management team who direct our strategy and operations. Our management team is comprised of experienced executives, with our top six executives possessing an average of 27 years of financial institution experience. Members of our senior management team, or lending personnel who possess expertise in our markets and key business relationships, could be difficult to replace. The loss of these persons or our inability to hire additional qualified personnel could impact our ability to implement our business strategy and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our ability to compete. See “Management of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.” We are a community bank and our ability to maintain our reputation is critical to the success of our business and the failure to do so may adversely affect our performance. We are a community bank and our reputation is one of the most valuable assets of our business. A key component of our business strategy is to rely on our reputation for customer service and knowledge of local markets to expand our presence by capturing new business opportunities from existing and prospective customers in our market area and contiguous areas. As such, we strive to conduct our business in a manner that enhances our reputation. This is done, in part, by recruiting, hiring and retaining employees who share our core values of being an integral part of the communities we serve, delivering superior service to our customers and caring about our customers. If our reputation is negatively affected by the actions of our employees, by our inability to conduct our operations in a manner that is appealing to current or prospective customers or otherwise, our business and operating results may be materially adversely affected. Financial reform legislation is expected to increase our costs of operations. The Dodd-Frank Act has changed the bank regulatory framework. For example, it has created an independent Consumer Financial Protection Bureau that has assumed the consumer protection responsibilities of the various federal banking agencies, established more stringent capital standards for banks and bank holding companies and gives the Federal Reserve Board exclusive authority to regulate savings and loan holding companies. The Dodd-Frank Act has also resulted in new regulations affecting the lending, funding, trading and investment activities of banks and bank holding companies. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has broad rule-making authority for a wide range of consumer protection laws that apply to all banks and savings institutions such as Pathfinder Bank, including the authority to prohibit “unfair, deceptive or abusive” acts and practices. Banks and savings institutions with $10.0 billion or less in assets will continue to be examined by their applicable bank regulators. The 25 Table of Contents Dodd-Frank Act also weakens the federal preemption available for national banks and federal savings and loan associations, and gives state attorneys general the ability to enforce applicable federal consumer protection laws. Bank regulatory agencies also have been responding aggressively to concerns and adverse trends identified in examinations. Ongoing uncertainty and adverse developments in the financial services industry and in the domestic and international credit markets, and the effect of new legislation and regulatory actions in response to these conditions, may adversely affect our operations by restricting our business activities, including our ability to originate or sell loans, modify loan terms, or foreclose on property securing loans. The full impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on our business will not be known until all of the regulations implementing the statute are adopted and implemented. As a result, we cannot at this time predict the extent to which the Dodd-Frank Act will impact our business, operations or financial condition. However, compliance with these new laws and regulations may require us to make changes to our business and operations and will likely result in additional costs and divert management’s time from other business activities, any of which may adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. Changes in accounting policies or in accounting standards could materially affect how we report our financial condition and results of operations. Accounting policies are essential to understanding our financial condition and results of operations. Some of these policies require the use of estimates and assumptions that may affect the value of our assets or liabilities and financial results. Some of our accounting policies are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective, and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain, and because it is likely that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. If such estimates or assumptions underlying our financial statements are incorrect, we may experience material losses. From time to time, the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the Securities and Exchange Commission change the financial accounting and reporting standards or the interpretation of those standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. These changes are beyond our control, can be hard to predict and could materially affect how we report our financial condition and results of operations. We could also be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, which may result in our restating our prior period financial statements. The need to account for certain assets at estimated fair value may adversely affect our results of operations. We report certain assets, such as available-for-sale investment securities, at estimated fair value. Generally, for assets that are reported at fair value, we use quoted market prices or valuation models that utilize observable market inputs to estimate fair value. Because we carry these assets on our books at their estimated fair value, we may incur losses if an impairment in fair value is considered other-than-temporary. Because the nature of the financial services business involves a high volume of transactions, we face significant operational risks. The financial services market is complex and we rely on the ability of our employees and systems to process a high number of transactions. Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from our operations, including but not limited to, the risk of fraud by employees or persons outside our company, the execution of unauthorized transactions by employees, errors relating to transaction processing and technology, breaches of the internal control system and compliance requirements, and business continuation and disaster recovery. Insurance coverage may not be available for such losses, or where available, such losses may exceed insurance limits. This risk of loss also includes the potential legal actions that could arise as a result of an operational deficiency or as a result of noncompliance with applicable regulatory standards, adverse business decisions or their implementation, and customer attrition due to potential negative publicity. In the event of a breakdown in our internal control systems, improper operation of systems or improper employee actions, we could suffer financial loss, face regulatory action, and suffer damage to our reputation. 26 Table of Contents Risks associated with system failures, interruptions, or breaches of security could negatively affect our earnings. Information technology systems are critical to our business. We use various technology systems to manage our customer relationships, general ledger, securities investments, deposits and loans. We have established policies and procedures to prevent or limit the effect of system failures, interruptions, and security breaches, but such events may still occur or may not be adequately addressed if they do occur. In addition, any compromise of our systems could deter customers from using our products and services. Although we rely on security systems to provide security and authentication necessary to effect the secure transmission of data, these precautions may not protect our systems from security breaches. We rely on certain third party providers for a portion of our information technology systems. If these third-party providers encounter difficulties, or if we have difficulty communicating with them, our ability to adequately process and account for transactions could be affected, and our business operations could be adversely affected. Threats to information security also exist in the processing of customer information through various other vendors and their personnel. The occurrence of any system failures, interruption, or breach of security could damage our reputation and result in a loss of customers and business thereby subjecting us to additional regulatory scrutiny, or could expose us to litigation and possible financial liability. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our risk management framework may not be effective in mitigating risk and reducing the potential for significant losses. Our risk management framework is designed to minimize risk and loss to us. We seek to identify, measure, monitor, report and control our exposure to risk, including strategic, market, liquidity, compliance and operational risks. While we use a broad and diversified set of risk monitoring and mitigation techniques, these techniques are inherently limited because they cannot anticipate the existence or future development of currently unanticipated or unknown risks. Recent economic conditions and heightened legislative and regulatory scrutiny of the financial services industry, among other developments, have increased our level of risk. Accordingly, we could suffer losses as a result of our failure to properly anticipate and manage these risks. Risks Related to the Offering The future price of the shares of common stock may be less than the $10.00 purchase price per share in the offering. If you purchase shares of common stock in the offering, you may not be able to sell them later at or above the $10.00 purchase price in the offering. In many cases, shares of common stock issued by newly converted savings institutions or mutual holding companies have traded below the initial offering price. The aggregate purchase price of the shares of common stock sold in the offering will be based on an independent appraisal. The independent appraisal is not intended, and should not be construed, as a recommendation of any kind as to the advisability of purchasing shares of common stock. The independent appraisal is based on certain estimates, assumptions and projections, all of which are subject to change from time to time. After the shares begin trading, the trading price of our common stock will be determined by the marketplace, and may be influenced by many factors, including prevailing interest rates, the overall performance of the economy, investor perceptions of New Pathfinder and the outlook for the financial services industry in general. Price fluctuations in our common stock may be unrelated to our operating performance. Our failure to effectively deploy the net proceeds may have an adverse effect on our financial performance. We intend to invest between $7.8 million and $12.5 million of the net proceeds of the offering in Pathfinder Bank. We may use the remaining net proceeds to invest in short-term investments, pay dividends, repurchase shares of common stock or for other general corporate purposes. We also expect to use a portion of the net proceeds we retain to fund a loan to our employee stock ownership plan to purchase shares of common stock in the offering. 27 Table of Contents Pathfinder Bank may use the net proceeds it receives to fund new loans, expand its retail banking franchise by establishing or acquiring new branches or by acquiring other financial institutions or other financial services companies, or for other general corporate purposes. However, with the exception of the loan to the employee stock ownership plan, we have not allocated specific amounts of the net proceeds for any of these purposes, and we will have significant flexibility in determining the amount of the net proceeds we apply to different uses and when we apply or reinvest such proceeds. Also, certain of these uses, such as opening new branches or acquiring other financial institutions, may require the approval of the NYDFS, the FDIC or the Federal Reserve Board. We have not established a timetable for reinvesting the net proceeds, and we cannot predict how long we will require to reinvest the net proceeds. Our failure to utilize these funds effectively would reduce our profitability and may adversely affect the value of our common stock. Our stock-based benefit plans will increase our expenses and reduce our income. We intend to adopt one or more new stock-based benefit plans after the conversion, subject to stockholder approval, which will increase our annual compensation and benefit expenses related to the stock options and stock awards granted to participants under the stock-based benefit plan. The actual amount of these new stock-related compensation and benefit expenses will depend on the number of options and stock awards actually granted under the plans, the fair market value of our stock or options on the date of grant, the vesting period, and other factors which we cannot predict at this time. In the event we adopt stock-based benefit plans within 12 months following the conversion, the total shares of common stock reserved for issuance pursuant to awards of restricted stock and grants of options under such plans would be limited to 4% and 10%, respectively, of the total shares of our common stock sold in the stock offering. If we award restricted shares of common stock or grant options in excess of these amounts under stock-based benefit plans adopted more than 12 months after the completion of the conversion, our costs would increase further. In addition, we will recognize expense for our employee stock ownership plan when shares are committed to be released to participants’ accounts, and we will recognize expense for restricted stock awards and stock options over the vesting period of awards made to recipients. The expense in the first year following the offering for shares purchased in the offering and for our new stock-based benefit plans has been estimated to be approximately $392,000 ($269,000 after tax) at the maximum of the offering range as set forth in the pro forma financial information under “Pro Forma Data,” assuming the $10.00 per share purchase price as fair market value. Actual expenses, however, may be higher or lower, depending on the price of our common stock. For further discussion of our proposed stock-based plans, see “Management—Benefits to be Considered Following Completion of the Conversion.” The implementation of stock-based benefit plans may dilute your ownership interest. Historically, stockholders have approved these stock-based benefit plans. We intend to adopt one or more new stock-based benefit plans following the stock offering. These plans may be funded either through open market purchases or from the issuance of authorized but unissued shares of common stock. Our ability to repurchase shares of common stock to fund these plans will be subject to many factors, including applicable regulatory restrictions on stock repurchases, the availability of stock in the market, the trading price of the stock, our capital levels, alternative uses for our capital and our financial performance. While our intention would be to fund stock-based benefit plans through open market purchases, stockholders would experience a 7.8% dilution in ownership interest at the maximum of the offering range in the event newly issued shares of our common stock are used to fund stock options and shares of restricted common stock in amounts equal to 10% and 4%, respectively, of the shares sold in the offering. In the event we adopt the plan more than 12 months following the conversion, the plan would not be subject to these limitations and stockholders could experience greater dilution. Although the implementation of stock-based benefit plans would be subject to stockholder approval, historically, the overwhelming majority of stock-based benefit plans adopted by savings institutions and their holding companies following mutual-to-stock conversions have been approved by stockholders. 28 Table of Contents We have not determined when we will adopt one or more new stock-based benefit plans. Stock-based benefit plans adopted more than 12 months following the completion of the conversion may exceed regulatory restrictions on the size of stock-based benefit plans adopted within 12 months, which would further increase our costs. If we adopt stock-based benefit plans more than 12 months following the completion of the conversion, then grants of shares of common stock or stock options under our existing and proposed stock-based benefit plans may exceed 4% and 10%, respectively, of shares of common stock sold in the stock offering. Stock-based benefit plans that provide for awards in excess of these amounts would increase our costs beyond the amounts estimated in “—Our stock-based benefit plans will increase our expenses and reduce our income.” Stock-based benefit plans that provide for awards in excess of these amounts could also result in dilution to stockholders in excess of that described in “—The implementation of stock-based benefit plans may dilute your ownership interest. Historically, stockholders have approved these stock-based benefit plans.” Although the implementation of stock-based benefit plans would be subject to stockholder approval, the determination as to when such plans would be implemented will be at the discretion of our board of directors. Our return on equity may be low following the stock offering. This could negatively affect the trading price of our shares of common stock. Net income divided by average equity, known as “return on equity,” is a ratio many investors use to compare the performance of financial institutions. Our return on equity may be low until we are able to leverage the additional capital we receive from the stock offering. Our return on equity will be negatively affected by added expenses associated with our employee stock ownership plan and the stock-based benefit plan we intend to adopt. Until we can increase our net interest income and non-interest income and leverage the capital raised in the stock offering, we expect our return on equity to be low, which may reduce the market price of our shares of common stock. Various factors may make takeover attempts more difficult to achieve. Our board of directors has no current intention to sell control of New Pathfinder. Our articles of incorporation and bylaws, federal regulations, Maryland law, shares of restricted stock and stock options that we have granted or may grant to employees and directors and stock ownership by our management and directors, and various other factors may make it more difficult for companies or persons to acquire control of New Pathfinder without the consent of our board of directors. You may want a takeover attempt to succeed because, for example, a potential acquiror could offer a premium over the then prevailing price of our common stock. For additional information, see “Restrictions on Acquisition of New Pathfinder,” and “—Benefits to be Considered Following Completion of the Conversion.” An active trading market for our common stock may not develop. Pathfinder-Federal’s common stock is currently traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol “PBHC.” Upon completion of the conversion, the common stock of New Pathfinder will replace the existing shares, and we expect the common stock will also be traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market. An active public trading market for New Pathfinder’s common stock may not develop or be sustained after this stock offering. If an active trading market for our common stock does not develop, you may not be able to sell all of your shares of common stock on short notice, and the sale of a large number of shares at one time could depress the market price. You may not revoke your decision to purchase New Pathfinder common stock in the subscription or community offerings after you send us your order. Funds submitted or automatic withdrawals authorized in connection with the purchase of shares of common stock in the subscription and community offerings will be held by us until the completion or termination of the conversion and offering, including any extension of the expiration date and consummation of a syndicated offering. Because completion of the conversion and offering will be subject to regulatory approvals and an update of the independent appraisal prepared by RP Financial, LC., among other factors, there may be one or more delays in completing the conversion and offering. Orders submitted in the subscription and community offerings are 29 Table of Contents irrevocable, and purchasers will have no access to their funds unless the offering is terminated, or extended beyond [extension date #1], or the number of shares to be sold in the offering is increased to more than 2,645,000 shares or decreased to fewer than 1,700,000 shares. The distribution of subscription rights could have adverse income tax consequences. If the subscription rights granted to certain current or former depositors of Pathfinder Bank are deemed to have an ascertainable value, receipt of such rights may be taxable in an amount equal to such value. Whether subscription rights are considered to have ascertainable value is an inherently factual determination. We have received an opinion of counsel, Luse Gorman Pomerenk & Schick, P.C., that it is more likely than not that such rights have no value; however, such opinion is not binding on the Internal Revenue Service. 30 Table of Contents SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA The following tables set forth selected consolidated historical financial and other data of Pathfinder-Federal and its subsidiaries for the periods and at the dates indicated. The following is only a summary and you should read it in conjunction with the business and financial information regarding Pathfinder-Federal contained elsewhere in this prospectus, including the consolidated financial statements beginning on page F-1 of this prospectus. The information at December 31, 2013 and 2012, and for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 is derived in part from the audited consolidated financial statements that appear in this prospectus. The information at December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 and for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 is derived in part from audited consolidated financial statements that do not appear in this prospectus. The information at March 31, 2014 and for the three months ended March 31, 2014 and 2013 is unaudited and reflects only normal recurring adjustments that are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the interim periods presented. The results of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2014 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be achieved for all of 2014 or for any other period. At March 31, At December 31, 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 (In thousands) Selected Financial Condition Data: Total assets $ 525,846 $ 503,793 $ 477,796 $ 442,980 $ 408,545 $ 371,692 Investment securities available for sale 83,663 80,959 108,339 100,395 85,327 72,754 Investment securities held to maturity – at cost 42,990 34,412 ─ ─ ─ ─ Loans receivable, net 343,143 336,592 329,247 300,770 281,648 259,387 Deposits 438,352 410,140 391,805 366,129 326,502 296,839 Advances from borrowings 33,826 40,853 34,964 26,074 41,000 36,000 Stockholders’ equity (1) 43,802 43,070 40,747 37,841 30,592 29,238 For the Three Months Ended March 31, For the Years Ended December 31, 2014 2013 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Selected Operating Data: Total interest income $ 4,715 4,741 $ 18,883 $ 18,765 $ 18,604 $ 18,139 $ 17,806 Total interest expense 695 896 3,264 3,908 4,341 4,808 6,029 Net interest income 4,020 3,845 15,619 14,857 14,263 13,331 11,777 Provision for loan losses 245 324 1,032 825 940 1,050 876 Net interest income after provision for loan losses 3,775 3,521 14,587 14,032 13,323 12,281 10,901 Total non-interest income 826 676 3,416 3,063 3,192 3,020 2,890 Total non-interest expense 3,906 3,505 14,751 13,518 13,148 11,789 11,126 Net income before income taxes 695 692 3,252 3,577 3,367 3,512 2,665 Income tax expense 176 187 847 929 1,044 1,007 1,050 Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest 30 ─ (1 ) ─ ─ ─ ─ Net income $ 489 $ 505 $ 2,406 $ 2,648 $ 2,323 $ 2,505 $ 1,615 Income per share – basic $ 0.19 $ 0.20 $ 0.96 $ 0.88 $ 0.53 $ 0.82 $ 0.61 Income per share – diluted $ 0.19 $ 0.20 $ 0.95 $ 0.87 $ 0.52 $ 0.82 $ 0.61 31 Table of Contents At or For the Three Months Ended March 31, (6) At or For the Years Ended December 31, 2014 2013 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 Selected Financial Ratios and Other Data: Performance Ratios: Return on assets (ratio of net income to average total assets) 0.38 % 0.41 % 0.48 % 0.57 % 0.55 % 0.64 % 0.45 % Return on equity (ratio of net income to average equity) 4.52 4.92 5.86 6.68 6.75 8.07 7.04 Average equity to average total assets 8.49 8.28 8.24 8.48 8.21 7.89 6.40 Equity to total assets at end of period 8.26 8.13 8.55 8.53 8.54 7.49 7.87 Interest rate spread (2) 3.38 3.28 3.32 3.38 3.62 3.58 3.40 Net interest margin (3) 3.48 3.40 3.43 3.50 3.76 3.73 3.56 Average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities 115.74 114.99 115.85 113.89 112.22 110.84 110.84 Total non-interest expenses to average total assets 3.07 2.83 2.96 2.89 3.14 3.00 3.10 Efficiency ratio (4) 78.88 76.85 79.14 75.53 77.56 71.95 76.36 Dividend payout ratio (5) 15.34 14.85 12.47 11.37 12.87 11.90 18.45 Return on common equity (ratio of net income available to common stockholders to average common equity) 6.48 7.20 8.58 8.26 5.09 8.20 7.10 Asset Quality Ratios: Nonperforming loans as a percent of total loans 2.01 1.77 1.57 1.66 1.55 2.08 0.88 Nonperforming assets as a percent of total assets 1.46 1.26 1.18 1.25 1.19 1.54 0.67 Allowance for loan losses as a percent of total loans 1.44 1.38 1.48 1.35 1.31 1.28 1.17 Allowance for loan losses as a percent of nonperforming loans 71.59 78.32 94.22 81.13 84.18 61.58 133.07 Regulatory Capital Ratios (Bank Only): Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) 13.83 14.08 14.13 14.20 14.94 13.50 13.95 Tier I capital (to risk-weighted assets) 12.53 12.76 12.82 12.90 13.66 12.24 12.69 Tier I capital (to adjusted assets) 8.73 8.45 8.72 8.80 9.37 8.11 8.38 Other Ratios: Common equity to total assets 5.86 5.55 5.97 5.81 5.61 5.96 6.22 Tangible common equity to tangible assets 5.04 4.83 5.11 5.04 4.78 5.07 5.25 Number of: Banking offices (7) 8 8 8 8 8 7 7 Full time equivalent employees 113 111 112 110 110 105 99 (1) Includes $13.0 million of Series B Preferred Stock issued in connection with the SBLF Program at March 31, 2014, December 31,2013, December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011, as well as $6.7 million of Series A Preferred Stock issued in connection with TARP at December 31, 2010 and December 31, 2009. (2) Interest rate spread represents the difference between the weighted-average yield on interest-earning assets and the weighted-average rate on interest-bearing liabilities. (3) Net interest margin represents net interest income as a percentage of average interest-earning assets. (4) Efficiency ratio represents the ratio of general, administrative and other expenses divided by the sum of net interest income and total noninterest income. 32 Table of Contents (5) The dividend payout ratio is calculated by multiplying the dividends declared per share by the number of shares outstanding as of the applicable record date. (6) Ratios are annualized where appropriate. (7) We intend to open a new business banking office in Syracuse, New York in the third quarter of 2014. 33 Table of Contents FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus contains forward-looking statements, which can be identified by the use of words such as “estimate,” “project,” “believe,” “intend,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “seek,” “expect” and words of similar meaning. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: · statements of our goals, intentions and expectations; · statements regarding our business plans, prospects, growth and operating strategies; · statements regarding the quality of our loan and investment portfolios; and · estimates of our risks and future costs and benefits. These forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs and expectations of our management and are inherently subject to significant business, economic, regulatory and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, these forward-looking statements are subject to assumptions with respect to future business strategies and decisions that are subject to change. The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements: · general economic conditions, either nationally or in our market areas, that are worse than expected; · competition among depository and other financial institutions; · inflation and changes in the interest rate environment that reduce our margins and yields or reduce the fair value of financial instruments; · adverse changes in the securities markets; · changes in laws or government regulations or policies affecting financial institutions, including changes in regulatory fees and capital requirements; · our ability to manage operations in the current economic conditions; · our ability to enter new markets successfully and capitalize on growth opportunities; · our ability to successfully integrate acquired entities; · changes in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits; · changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the bank regulatory agencies, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; · changes in our organization, compensation and benefit plans; · our ability to retain key employees; 34 Table of Contents · changes in the level of government support for housing finance; · significant increases in our loan losses; and · changes in the financial condition, results of operations or future prospects of issuers of securities that we own. Because of these and other uncertainties, our actual future results may be materially different from the results indicated by these forward-looking statements. Please see “Risk Factors” beginning on page 19. HOW WE INTEND TO USE THE PROCEEDS FROM THE OFFERING Although we cannot determine what the actual net proceeds from the sale of the shares of common stock in the offering will be until the offering is completed, we anticipate that the net proceeds will be between $15.5 million and $21.5 million, or $25.0 million if the offering range is increased to the adjusted maximum. We intend to distribute the net proceeds as follows: Based Upon the Sale at $10.00 Per Share of 1,700,000 Shares 2,000,000 Shares 2,300,000 Shares 2,645,000 Shares Amount Percent of Net Proceeds Amount Percent of Net Proceeds Amount Percent of Net Proceeds Amount Percent of Net Proceeds (Dollars in thousands) Offering proceeds $ 17,000 $ 20,000 $ 23,000 $ 26,450 Less offering expenses 1,465 1,465 1,465 1,465 Net offering proceeds $ 15,535 100.0 % $ 18,535 100.0 % $ 21,535 100.0 % $ 24,985 100.0 % Distribution of net proceeds: To Pathfinder Bank $ 7,768 50.0 % $ 9,268 50.0 % $ 10,768 50.0 % $ 12,493 50.0 % To fund loan to employee stock ownership plan $ 680 4.4 % $ 800 4.3 % $ 920 4.3 % $ 1,058 4.2 % Retained by New Pathfinder (1) $ 7,088 45.6 % $ 8,468 45.7 % $ 9,848 45.7 % $ 11,435 45.8 % (1) In the event the stock-based benefit plan providing for stock awards and stock options is approved by stockholders, and assuming shares are purchased for the stock awards at $10.00 per share, an additional $680,000, $800,000, $920,000 and $1.1 million of net proceeds will be used by New Pathfinder. In this case, the net proceeds retained by New Pathfinder would be $6.4 million, $7.7 million, $8.9 million and $10.4 million, respectively, at the minimum, midpoint, maximum and adjusted maximum of the offering range. Payments for shares of common stock made through withdrawals from existing deposit accounts will not result in the receipt of new funds for investment but will result in a reduction of Pathfinder Bank’s deposits. The net proceeds may vary because total expenses relating to the offering may be more or less than our estimates. For example, our expenses would increase if fewer shares were sold in the subscription and community offerings and we sold a portion of the offering through a syndicated offering. New Pathfinder may use the proceeds it retains from the offering: · to invest in securities; · to pay cash dividends to stockholders; · to repurchase shares of our common stock; 35 Table of Contents · to finance the acquisition of financial institutions or other financial services companies, although we do not currently have any agreements or understandings regarding any specific acquisition transaction; and · for other general corporate purposes. See “Our Dividend Policy” for a discussion of our expected dividend policy following the completion of the conversion. Under current federal regulations, we may not repurchase shares of our common stock during the first year following the completion of the conversion, except when extraordinary circumstances exist and with prior regulatory approval, or except to fund management recognition plans (which would require notification to the Federal Reserve Board) or tax qualified employee stock benefit plans. Pathfinder Bank may use the net proceeds it receives from the offering: · to fund new loans; · to enhance existing products and services and to support the development of new products and services; · to expand its retail banking franchise by establishing or acquiring new branches or by acquiring other financial institutions or other financial services companies as opportunities arise, although we do not currently have any understandings or agreements to acquire a financial institution or other entity; · to invest in securities; and · for other general corporate purposes. Initially, a substantial portion of the net proceeds will be invested in short-term investments, investment-grade debt obligations and mortgage-backed securities. We have not determined specific amounts of the net proceeds that would be used for the purposes described above. The use of the proceeds outlined above may change based on many factors, including, but not limited to, changes in interest rates, equity markets, laws and regulations affecting the financial services industry, the attractiveness of potential acquisitions to expand our operations, and overall market conditions. The use of the proceeds may also change depending on our ability to receive regulatory approval to establish new branches or acquire other financial institutions. We expect our return on equity to be low until we are able to reinvest effectively the additional capital raised in the offering. Until we can increase our net interest income and non-interest income, we expect our return on equity to be below the industry average, which may negatively affect the value of our common stock. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Offering—Our failure to effectively deploy the net proceeds may have an adverse effect on our financial performance.” OUR DIVIDEND POLICY After the completion of the conversion, we intend to pay cash dividends on a quarterly basis. Initially, we expect the quarterly dividends to be $0.03 per share, which equals $0.12 per share on an annualized basis and an annual yield of 1.2% based on a price of $10.00 per share. The dividend rate and the initial and continued payment of dividends will depend on a number of factors, including our capital requirements, our financial condition and results of operations, tax considerations, statutory and regulatory limitations, and general economic conditions. We cannot assure you that any such dividends will not be reduced or eliminated in the future. 36 Table of Contents New Pathfinder will not be permitted to pay dividends on its common stock if its stockholders’ equity would be reduced below the amount of the liquidation account established by New Pathfinder in connection with the conversion. The source of dividends will depend on the net proceeds retained by New Pathfinder and earnings thereon, and dividends from Pathfinder Bank. In addition, New Pathfinder will be subject to state law limitations and federal bank regulatory policy on the payment of dividends, including limitations on paying dividends if New Pathfinder does not meet the capital conservation buffer requirement to be phased in beginning January 2016 as part of the Basel III regulatory capital reforms. Maryland law generally limits dividends if the corporation would not be able to pay its debts in the usual course of business after giving effect to the dividend or if the corporation’s total assets would be less than the corporation’s total liabilities plus the amount needed to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of stockholders whose preferential rights on dissolution are superior to those receiving the distribution. After the completion of the conversion, Pathfinder Bank will not be permitted to pay dividends on its capital stock to New Pathfinder, its sole stockholder, if Pathfinder Bank’s stockholder’s equity would be reduced below the amount of the liquidation account established in connection with the conversion. In addition, Pathfinder Bank will not be permitted to make a capital distribution if, after making such distribution, it would be undercapitalized. Pathfinder Bank must file an application with the FDIC for approval of a capital distribution if the total capital distributions for the applicable calendar year exceed the sum of Pathfinder Bank’s net income for that year to date plus its retained net income for the preceding two years, or Pathfinder Bank would not be at least adequately capitalized following the distribution. Under New York law and applicable regulations, Pathfinder Bank may generally only pay dividends out of net profits. The approval of the Superintendent is required if the total of all dividends declared in any calendar year will exceed net profits for that year plus the retained net profits of the preceding two years, less any required transfer to surplus or a fund for the retirement of any preferred stock. In addition, no dividends may be declared, credited or paid if the effect thereof would cause Pathfinder Bank’s capital to be reduced below the amount required by the Superintendent. Any payment of dividends by Pathfinder Bank to New Pathfinder that would be deemed to be drawn from Pathfinder Bank’s bad debt reserves established prior to 1988, if any, would require a payment of taxes at the then-current tax rate by Pathfinder Bank on the amount of earnings deemed to be removed from the pre-1988 bad debt reserves for such distribution. Pathfinder Bank does not intend to make any distribution that would create such a federal tax liability. See “The Conversion and Offering—Liquidation Rights.” For further information concerning additional federal law and regulations regarding the ability of Pathfinder Bank to make capital distributions, including the payment of dividends to New Pathfinder, see “Taxation—Federal Taxation” and “Supervision and Regulation—Dividends.” We will file a consolidated federal tax return with Pathfinder Bank. Accordingly, it is anticipated that any cash distributions made by us to our stockholders would be treated as cash dividends and not as a non-taxable return of capital for federal tax purposes. Additionally, pursuant to Federal Reserve Board regulations, during the three-year period following the conversion, we will not make any capital distribution to stockholders that would be treated by recipients as a tax-free return of capital for federal income tax purposes. MARKET FOR THE COMMON STOCK Pathfinder-Federal’s common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “PBHC.” Upon completion of the conversion, we expect the shares of common stock of New Pathfinder will replace the existing shares of Pathfinder-Federal and trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “PBHC.” In order to list our stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market, we are required to have at least three broker-dealers who will make a market in our common stock. As of [Stockholder Record Date], Pathfinder-Federal had approximately ___ registered market makers in its common stock. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. currently makes a market in Pathfinder-Federal’s common stock and has advised us that they intend to make a market in New Pathfinder’s common stock following the offering, but are under no obligation to do so. 37 Table of Contents The following table sets forth the high and low trading prices for shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock for the periods indicated, as obtained from the Nasdaq Stock Market. As of the close of business on [Stockholder Record Date], there were [outstanding shares] shares of common stock outstanding, including [public shares] publicly held shares (shares held by stockholders other than Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC), and approximately __________ stockholders of record. Price Per Share High Low Dividends Paid 2014 Second quarter (through June 9, 2014) $ 15.25 $ 14.40 $ 0.03 First quarter $ 14.43 $ 13.47 $ 0.03 2013 Fourth quarter $ 14.03 $ 12.78 $ 0.03 Third quarter $ 16.00 $ 12.47 $ 0.03 Second quarter $ 15.75 $ 11.40 $ 0.03 First quarter $ 13.04 $ 10.30 $ 0.03 2012 Fourth quarter $ 11.00 $ 10.00 $ 0.03 Third quarter $ 10.65 $ 9.00 $ 0.03 Second quarter $ 10.00 $ 8.80 $ 0.03 First quarter $ 9.75 $ 8.83 $ 0.03 On April 8, 2014, the business day immediately preceding the public announcement of the conversion, and on ________, 2014, the closing prices of Pathfinder-Federal common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market were $14.45 per share and $_____ per share, respectively. On the effective date of the conversion, all publicly held shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock, including shares of common stock held by our officers and directors, will be converted automatically into and become the right to receive a number of shares of New Pathfinder common stock determined pursuant to the exchange ratio. See “The Conversion and Offering—Share Exchange Ratio for Current Common Stockholders.” Options to purchase shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock will be converted into options to purchase a number of shares of New Pathfinder common stock determined pursuant to the exchange ratio, for the same aggregate exercise price. See “Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock.” 38 Table of Contents HISTORICAL AND PRO FORMA REGULATORY CAPITAL COMPLIANCE At March 31, 2014, Pathfinder Bank exceeded all of the applicable regulatory capital requirements and was considered “well capitalized.” The table below sets forth the historical equity capital and regulatory capital of Pathfinder Bank at March 31, 2014, and the pro forma equity capital and regulatory capital of Pathfinder Bank, after giving effect to the sale of shares of common stock at $10.00 per share. The table assumes the receipt by Pathfinder Bank of 50% of the net offering proceeds. See “How We Intend to Use the Proceeds from the Offering.” Pathfinder Bank Historical at Pro Forma at March 31, 2014, Based Upon the Sale in the Offering of (1) March 31, 2014 1,700,000 Shares 2,000,000 Shares 2,300,000 Shares 2,645,000 Shares Amount Percent of Assets (2) Amount Percent of Assets (2) Amount Percent of Assets (2) Amount Percent of Assets (2) Amount Percent of Assets (2) (Dollars in thousands) Equity $ 47,109 8.95 % $ 53,517 10.02 % $ 54,777 10.23 % $ 56,037 10.44 % $ 57,486 10.67 % Tier 1 leverage capital $ 44,011 8.73 $ 50,419 9.85 $ 51,679 10.07 $ 52,939 10.28 $ 54,388 10.53 Leverage requirement 25,207 5.00 25,595 5.00 25,670 5.00 25,745 5.00 25,831 5.00 Excess $ 18,804 3.73 % $ 24,824 4.85 % $ 26,009 5.07 % $ 27,194 5.28 % $ 28,557 5.53 % Tier 1 risk-based capital (3) $ 44,011 12.53 % $ 50,419 14.29 % $ 51,679 14.64 % $ 52,939 14.98 % $ 54,388 15.37 % Risk-based requirement 21,075 6.00 21,168 6.00 21,186 6.00 21,204 6.00 21,225 6.00 Excess $ 22,936 6.53 % $ 29,251 8.29 % $ 30,493 8.64 % $ 31,735 8.98 % $ 33,163 9.37 % Total risk-based capital (3) $ 48,582 13.83 % $ 54,990 15.59 % $ 56,250 15.93 % $ 57,510 16.27 % $ 58,959 16.67 % Risk-based requirement 35,125 10.00 35,280 10.00 35,310 10.00 35,340 10.00 35,375 10.00 Excess $ 13,457 3.83 % $ 19,710 5.59 % $ 20,940 5.93 % $ 22,170 6.27 % $ 23,584 6.67 % Reconciliation of capital infused into Pathfinder Bank: Net proceeds $ 7,768 $ 9,268 $ 10,768 $ 12,493 Less: Common stock acquired by stock-based benefit plan (680 ) (800 ) (920 ) (1,058 ) Less: Common stock acquired by employee stock ownership plan (680 ) (800 ) (920 ) (1,058 ) Pro forma increase $ 6,408 $ 7,668 $ 8,928 $ 10,377 (1) Effective January 1, 2015, the Prompt Corrective Action Well Capitalized Thresholds will be 5%, 8% and 10% for the tier 1 leverage capital requirement, tier 1 risk-based capital requirement and total risk-based capital requirement, respectively. Additionally, effective January 1, 2015, a new capital standard, common equity tier 1 capital ratio, will be implemented with a 6.5% well capitalized threshold. At March 31, 2014, our common equity tier 1 capital ratio was 12.53%, and assuming the completion of the conversion and offering, as of March 31, 2014, our common equity tier 1 capital ratio would be 14.29%, 14.64%, 14.98% and 15.37% at the minimum, the midpoint, the maximum and the adjusted maximum, respectively. At March 31, 2014, assuming the completion of the conversion and offering, Pathfinder Bank would be classified as “well capitalized” under each of the Prompt Corrective Action requirements described in this footnote, which also includes the required conservation buffer of 2.5%. (2) Equity and Tier 1 leverage capital levels are shown as a percentage of total average assets. Risk-based capital levels are shown as a percentage of risk-weighted assets. (3) Pro forma amounts and percentages assume net proceeds are invested in assets that carry a 20% risk weighting. 39 Table of Contents CAPITALIZATION The following table presents the historical consolidated capitalization of Pathfinder-Federal at March 31, 2014 and the pro forma consolidated capitalization of New Pathfinder after giving effect to the conversion and offering based upon the assumptions set forth in the “Pro Forma Data” section. Pathfinder- Federal Pro Forma at March 31, 2014 Based upon the Sale in the Offering at $10.00 per Share of Historical at March 31, 2014 1,700,000 Shares 2,000,000 Shares 2,300,000 Shares 2,645,000 Shares (Dollars in thousands) Deposits (1) $ 438,352 $ 438,352 $ 438,352 $ 438,352 $ 438,352 Borrowed funds 38,981 38,981 38,981 38,981 38,981 Total deposits and borrowed funds $ 477,333 $ 477,333 $ 477,333 $ 477,333 $ 477,333 Stockholders’ equity: Preferred stock, $0.01 par value, 10,000,000 shares authorized (post-conversion) (2) 13,000 13,000 13,000 13,000 13,000 Common stock, $0.01 par value, 25,000,000 shares authorized (post-conversion); shares to be issued as reflected (2) (3) 30 28 33 38 44 Additional paid-in capital (2) 8,264 32,040 35,035 38,030 41,474 MHC capital contribution — 346 346 346 346 Retained earnings (4) 29,201 29,201 29,201 29,201 29,201 Accumulated other comprehensive income (1,522 ) (1,522 ) (1,522 ) (1,522 ) (1,522 ) Less: Treasury stock (4,761 ) — — — — Common stock held by employee stock ownership plan (5) (798 ) (1,478 ) (1,598 ) (1,718 ) (1,856 ) Common stock to be acquired by stock-based benefit plan (6) — (680 ) (800 ) (920 ) (1,058 ) Total stockholders’ equity $ 43,414 $ 57,935 $ 60,695 $ 63,455 $ 66,629 Noncontrolling interest $ 388 $ 388 $ 388 $ 388 $ 388 Total equity $ 43,802 $ 58,323 $ 61,083 $ 63,843 $ 67,017 Pro Forma Shares Outstanding Shares offered for sale — 1,700,000 2,000,000 2,300,000 2,645,000 Exchange shares issued — 1,097,324 1,290,969 1,484,614 1,707,306 Total shares outstanding — 2,797,324 3,290,969 3,784,614 4,352,306 Total stockholders’ equity as a percentage of total assets (1) 8.26 % 10.79 % 11.25 % 11.70 % 12.21 % Tangible equity as a percentage of total assets 7.46 % 10.04 % 10.50 % 10.95 % 11.47 % (1) Does not reflect withdrawals from deposit accounts for the purchase of shares of common stock in the conversion and offering. These withdrawals would reduce pro forma deposits and assets by the amount of the withdrawals. (2) Pathfinder-Federal currently has 1,000,000 authorized shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share, and 10,000,000 authorized shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share. On a pro forma basis, common stock and additional paid-in capital have been revised to reflect the number of shares of New Pathfinder common stock to be outstanding. (3) No effect has been given to the issuance of additional shares of New Pathfinder common stock pursuant to the exercise of options under one or more stock-based benefit plans. If the plans are implemented within the first year after the closing of the offering, an amount up to 10% of the shares of New Pathfinder common stock sold in the offering will be reserved for issuance upon the exercise of options under the plans. No effect has been given to the exercise of options currently outstanding. See “Management.” (4) The retained earnings of Pathfinder Bank will be substantially restricted after the conversion. See “The Conversion and Offering—Liquidation Rights” and “Supervision and Regulation—Capital Distributions.” (footnotes continue on following page) 40 Table of Contents (continued from previous page) (5) Assumes that 4% of the shares sold in the offering will be acquired by the employee stock ownership plan financed by a loan from New Pathfinder. The loan will be repaid principally from Pathfinder Bank’s contributions to the employee stock ownership plan. Since New Pathfinder will finance the employee stock ownership plan debt, this debt will be eliminated through consolidation and no liability will be reflected on New Pathfinder’s consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, the amount of shares of common stock acquired by the employee stock ownership plan is shown in this table as a reduction of total stockholders’ equity. (6) Assumes a number of shares of common stock equal to 4% of the shares of common stock to be sold in the offering will be purchased for grant by one or more stock-based benefit plans. The funds to be used by such plans to purchase the shares will be provided by New Pathfinder. The dollar amount of common stock to be purchased is based on the $10.00 per share subscription price in the offering and represents unearned compensation. This amount does not reflect possible increases or decreases in the value of common stock relative to the subscription price in the offering. New Pathfinder will accrue compensation expense to reflect the vesting of shares pursuant to such stock-based benefit plans and will credit capital in an amount equal to the charge to operations. Implementation of such plans will require stockholder approval. 41 Table of Contents IMPACT OF PATHFINDER BANCORP, MHC’S ASSETS ON MINORITY STOCK OWNERSHIP In the exchange, the public stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal will receive shares of common stock of New Pathfinder in exchange for their shares of common stock of Pathfinder-Federal pursuant to an exchange ratio that is designed to provide, subject to adjustment, that the stockholders will own the same percentage of the common stock of New Pathfinder after the conversion as they held in Pathfinder-Federal immediately prior to the conversion, without giving effect to new shares purchased in the offering or cash paid in lieu of any fractional shares. However, the exchange ratio will be adjusted downward to reflect assets held by Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC (other than shares of stock of Pathfinder-Federal), which assets consist primarily of cash relating to dividends paid by Pathfinder-Federal. Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC had net assets of $250,927 as of March 31, 2014, not including Pathfinder-Federal common stock. The appraisal also accounts for Pathfinder-Federal’s dividend of $0.03 per share paid to stockholders in the second quarter of 2014 and assumes the payment of an equivalent dividend in the third quarter of 2014 prior to the completion of the conversion. The adjustments described above will decrease Pathfinder-Federal’s stockholders’ ownership interest in New Pathfinder from 39.64% to 39.23% at March 31, 2014. If Pathfinder-Federal declares any further dividends before the completion of the conversion, public stockholders’ ownership interest in Pathfinder-Federal will be further diluted. In accordance with the process described above, the independent appraiser determined New Pathfinder’s pro forma market value by adjusting the exchange ratio downward to account for the assets held by Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC other than the common stock of Pathfinder-Federal and decreasing the ownership interest held by the public stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal accordingly. 42 Table of Contents PRO FORMA DATA The following tables summarize historical data of Pathfinder-Federal and pro forma data of New Pathfinder at and for the three months ended March 31, 2014 and at and for the year ended December 31, 2013. This information is based on assumptions set forth below and in the tables, and should not be used as a basis for projections of market value of the shares of common stock following the conversion and offering. The net proceeds in the tables are based upon the following assumptions: (i) All shares of common stock will be sold in the subscription and community offerings; (ii) our employee stock ownership plan will purchase 4% of the shares of common stock sold in the offering with a loan from New Pathfinder. The loan will be repaid in substantially equal payments of principal and interest (at the prime rate of interest, calculated as of the date of the origination of the loan) over a period of 10 years. Interest income that we earn on the loan will offset the interest paid by Pathfinder Bank; (iii) we will pay Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. a fee (including reimbursable expenses) equal to $410,000; and (iv) total expenses of the offering, other than the fees and expenses to be paid to Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., will be $1.1 million. We calculated pro forma consolidated net income for the three months ended March 31, 2014 and the year ended December 31, 2013 as if the estimated net proceeds we received had been invested at the beginning of the period at an assumed interest rate of 1.73% (1.04% on an after-tax basis) and 1.75% (1.05% on an after-tax basis), respectively. These figures represent the yield on the five-year U.S. Treasury Note as of March 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively, which, in light of current market interest rates, we consider to more accurately reflect the pro forma reinvestment rate than the arithmetic average of the weighted average yield earned on our interest earning assets and the weighted average rate paid on our deposits, which is the reinvestment rate generally required by federal regulations. We further believe that the reinvestment rate is factually supportable because: · the yield on the U.S Treasury Note can be determined and/or estimated from third-party sources; and · we believe that U.S. Treasury securities are not subject to credit losses due to a U.S. Government guarantee of payment of principal and interest. We calculated historical and pro forma per share amounts by dividing historical and pro forma amounts of consolidated net income and stockholders’ equity by the indicated number of shares of common stock. For purposes of pro forma earnings per share calculations, we adjusted these figures to give effect to the shares of common stock purchased by the employee stock ownership plan. We computed per share amounts for each period as if the shares of common stock were outstanding at the beginning of each period, but we did not adjust per share historical or pro forma stockholders’ equity to reflect the earnings on the estimated net proceeds. The pro forma tables give effect to the implementation of one or more stock-based benefit plans. Subject to the receipt of stockholder approval, we have assumed that stock-based benefit plans will acquire for restricted stock awards a number of shares of common stock equal to 4% of the shares of common stock sold in the stock offering at the same price for which they were sold in the stock offering. We assume that awards of common stock granted under such plans vest over a five-year period. 43 Table of Contents We have also assumed that options will be granted under stock-based benefit plans to acquire shares of common stock equal to 10% of the shares of common stock sold in the stock offering. In preparing the tables below, we assumed that stockholder approval was obtained, that the exercise price of the stock options and the market price of the stock at the date of grant were $10.00 per share and that the stock options had a term of ten years and vested over five years. We applied the Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate a grant-date fair value of $2.52 for each option. In addition to the terms of the options described above, the Black-Scholes option pricing model assumed an estimated volatility rate of 17.71% for the shares of common stock, a dividend yield of 1.2%, an expected option term of 10 years and a risk-free rate of return of 2.73%. We may grant options and award shares of common stock under one or more stock-based benefit plans in excess of 10% and 4%, respectively, of the shares of common stock sold in the stock offering and that vest sooner than over a five-year period if the stock-based benefit plans are adopted more than one year following the stock offering. As discussed under “How We Intend to Use the Proceeds from the Stock Offering,” we intend to contribute 50% of the net proceeds from the stock offering to Pathfinder Bank, and we will retain the remainder of the net proceeds from the stock offering. We will use a portion of the proceeds we retain for the purpose of making a loan to the employee stock ownership plan and retain the rest of the proceeds for future use. The pro forma table does not give effect to: · withdrawals from deposit accounts to purchase shares of common stock in the stock offering; · our results of operations after the stock offering; or · changes in the market price of the shares of common stock after the stock offering. The following pro forma information may not be representative of the financial effects of the offering at the dates on which the offering actually occurs, and should not be taken as indicative of future results of operations. Pro forma consolidated stockholders’ equity represents the difference between the stated amounts of our assets and liabilities. The pro forma stockholders’ equity is not intended to represent the fair market value of the shares of common stock and may be different than the amounts that would be available for distribution to stockholders if we liquidated. Moreover, pro forma stockholders’ equity per share does not give effect to the liquidation accounts to be established in the conversion or, in the unlikely event of a liquidation of Pathfinder Bank, to the tax effect of the recapture of the bad debt reserve. See “The Conversion and Offering—Liquidation Rights.” 44 Table of Contents At or for the Three months Ended March 31, 2014 Based upon the Sale at $10.00 Per Share of 1,700,000 Shares 2,000,000 Shares 2,300,000 Shares 2,645,000 Shares (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) Gross proceeds of offering $ 17,000 $ 20,000 $ 23,000 $ 26,450 Market value of shares issued in the exchange 10,973 12,910 14,846 17,073 Pro forma market capitalization $ 27,973 $ 32,910 $ 37,846 $ 43,523 Gross proceeds of offering $ 17,000 $ 20,000 $ 23,000 $ 26,450 Expenses 1,465 1,465 1,465 1,465 Estimated net proceeds 15,535 18,535 21,535 24,985 Common stock purchased by employee stock ownership plan (680 ) (800 ) (920 ) (1,058 ) Common stock purchased by stock-based benefit plans (680 ) (800 ) (920 ) (1,058 ) Estimated net proceeds, as adjusted $ 14,175 $ 16,935 $ 19,695 $ 22,869 For the Three months Ended March 31, 2014 Consolidated net earnings: Historical $ 489 $ 489 $ 489 $ 489 Income on adjusted net proceeds 37 44 51 59 Income on MHC asset contribution 1 1 1 1 Employee stock ownership plan (1) (10 ) (12 ) (14 ) (16 ) Stock awards (2) (20 ) (24 ) (28 ) (32 ) Stock options (3) (19 ) (23 ) (26 ) (30 ) Pro forma net income $ 478 $ 475 $ 473 $ 471 Earnings per share (4): Historical (5) $ 0.18 $ 0.16 $ 0.14 $ 0.12 Income on adjusted net proceeds 0.01 0.01 0.01 0.01 Income on MHC asset contribution — — — — Employee stock ownership plan (1) — — — — Stock awards (2) (0.01 ) (0.01 ) (0.01 ) (0.01 ) Stock options (3) (0.01 ) (0.01 ) (0.01 ) (0.01 ) Pro forma earnings per share (4) $ 0.17 $ 0.15 $ 0.13 $ 0.11 Offering price to pro forma net earnings per share 14.71 x 16.67 x 19.23 x 22.73 x Number of shares used in earnings per share calculations 2,731,024 3,212,969 3,694,914 4,249,151 At March 31, 2014 Stockholders’ equity: Historical(5) $ 30,802 $ 30,802 $ 30,802 $ 30,802 Estimated net proceeds 15,535 18,535 21,535 24,985 Equity increase from the mutual holding company 346 346 346 346 Common stock acquired by employee stock ownership plan (1) (680 ) (800 ) (920 ) (1,058 ) Common stock acquired by stock-based benefit plans (2) (680 ) (800 ) (920 ) (1,058 ) Pro forma stockholders’ equity $ 45,323 $ 48,083 $ 50,843 $ 54,017 Intangible assets $ (4,551 ) $ (4,551 ) $ (4,551 ) $ (4,551 ) Pro forma tangible stockholders’ equity (6) $ 40,772 $ 43,532 $ 46,292 $ 49,466 Stockholders’ equity per share (7): Historical(5) $ 11.01 $ 9.35 $ 8.14 $ 7.07 Estimated net proceeds 5.55 5.63 5.68 5.74 Equity increase from the mutual holding company 0.12 0.11 0.09 0.08 Common stock acquired by employee stock ownership plan (1) (0.24 ) (0.24 ) (0.24 ) (0.24 ) Common stock acquired by stock-based benefit plans (2) (0.24 ) (0.24 ) (0.24 ) (0.24 ) Pro forma stockholders’ equity per share (6) (7) $ 16.20 $ 14.61 $ 13.43 $ 12.41 Intangible assets $ (1.63 ) $ (1.38 ) $ (1.20 ) $ (1.05 ) Pro forma tangible stockholders’ equity per share (6) (7) $ 14.57 $ 13.23 $ 12.23 $ 11.36 Offering price as percentage of pro forma stockholders’ equity per share 61.73 % 68.45 % 74.46 % 80.58 % Offering price as percentage of pro forma tangible stockholders’ equity per share 68.63 % 75.59 % 81.77 % 88.03 % Number of shares outstanding for pro forma book value per share calculations 2,797,324 3,290,969 3,784,614 4,352,306 (footnotes begin on following page) 45 Table of Contents (1) Assumes that 4% of the shares of common stock sold in the offering will be purchased by the employee stock ownership plan. For purposes of this table, the funds used to acquire these shares are assumed to have been borrowed by the employee stock ownership plan from New Pathfinder, and the outstanding loan with respect to existing shares of Pathfinder-Federal held by the employee stock ownership plan will be refinanced and consolidated with the new loan from New Pathfinder. Pathfinder Bank intends to make annual contributions to the employee stock ownership plan in an amount at least equal to the required principal and interest payments on the debt. Pathfinder Bank’s total annual payments on the employee stock ownership plan debt are based upon 10 equal annual installments of principal and interest. Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 718-40, “Compensation—Stock Compensation—Employee Stock Ownership Plans” (“ASC 718-40”), requires that an employer record compensation expense in an amount equal to the fair value of the shares committed to be released to employees. The pro forma adjustments assume that the employee stock ownership plan shares are allocated in equal annual installments based on the number of loan repayment installments assumed to be paid by Pathfinder Bank, the fair value of the common stock remains equal to the subscription price and the employee stock ownership plan expense reflects an effective combined federal and state tax rate of 40.0%. The unallocated employee stock ownership plan shares are reflected as a reduction of stockholders’ equity. No reinvestment is assumed on proceeds contributed to fund the employee stock ownership plan. The pro forma net income further assumes that 1,700, 2,000, 2,300 and 2,645 shares were committed to be released during the period at the minimum, midpoint, maximum and adjusted maximum of the offering range, respectively, and in accordance with ASC 718-40, only the employee stock ownership plan shares committed to be released during the period were considered outstanding for purposes of net income per share calculations. (2) Assumes that one or more stock-based benefit plans purchase an aggregate number of shares of common stock equal to 4% of the shares to be sold in the offering. Stockholder approval of the plans and purchases by the plans may not occur earlier than six months after the completion of the conversion. The shares may be acquired directly from New Pathfinder or through open market purchases. Shares in the stock-based benefit plan are assumed to vest over a period of five years. The funds to be used to purchase the shares will be provided by New Pathfinder. The table assumes that (i) the stock-based benefit plan acquires the shares through open market purchases at $10.00 per share, (ii) 5% of the amount contributed to the plan is amortized as an expense during the three months ended March 31, 2014, and (iii) the plan expense reflects an effective combined federal and state tax rate of 40.0%. Assuming stockholder approval of the stock-based benefit plans and that shares of common stock (equal to 4% of the shares sold in the offering) are awarded through the use of authorized but unissued shares of common stock, stockholders would have their ownership and voting interests diluted by approximately 2.4%. (3) Assumes that options are granted under one or more stock-based benefit plans to acquire an aggregate number of shares of common stock equal to 10% of the shares to be sold in the offering. Stockholder approval of the plans may not occur earlier than six months after the completion of the conversion. In calculating the pro forma effect of the stock-based benefit plans, it is assumed that the exercise price of the stock options and the trading price of the common stock at the date of grant were $10.00 per share, the estimated grant-date fair value determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model was $2.52 for each option, the aggregate grant-date fair value of the stock options was amortized to expense on a straight-line basis over a five-year vesting period of the options, and that 25% of the amortization expense (or the assumed portion relating to options granted to directors) resulted in a tax benefit using an assumed tax rate of 40.0%. The actual expense will be determined by the grant-date fair value of the options, which will depend on a number of factors, including the valuation assumptions used and the option pricing model ultimately adopted. Under the above assumptions, the adoption of the stock-based benefit plans will result in no additional shares under the treasury stock method for purposes of calculating earnings per share. There can be no assurance that the actual exercise price of the stock options will be equal to the $10.00 price per share. If a portion of the shares used to satisfy the exercise of options comes from authorized but unissued shares, our net income per share and stockholders’ equity per share would decrease. The issuance of authorized but unissued shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of options under such plan would dilute stockholders’ ownership and voting interests by approximately 5.7%. (footnotes continue on following page) 46 Table of Contents (continued from previous page) (4) Per share figures include publicly held shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock that will be exchanged for shares of New Pathfinder common stock in the conversion. See “The Conversion and Offering—Share Exchange Ratio for Current Common Stockholders.” Net income per share computations are determined by taking the number of shares assumed to be sold in the offering and the number of new shares assumed to be issued in exchange for publicly held shares and, in accordance with ASC 718-40, subtracting the employee stock ownership plan shares which have not been committed for release during the year. See note 1. The number of shares of common stock actually sold and the corresponding number of exchange shares may be more or less than the assumed amounts. Pro forma net income per share has been annualized to calculate the offering price to pro forma net earnings per share. (5) The historical stockholders’ equity does not include the $13.0 million of our Series B Preferred Stock that we sold to the U.S. Treasury in connection with the SBLF. (6) The retained earnings of Pathfinder Bank will be substantially restricted after the conversion. See “Our Dividend Policy,” “The Conversion and Offering—Liquidation Rights” and “Supervision and Regulation—Capital Distributions.” (7) Per share figures include publicly held shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock that will be exchanged for shares of New Pathfinder common stock in the conversion. Stockholders’ equity per share calculations are based upon the sum of (i) the number of shares assumed to be sold in the offering and (ii) shares to be issued in exchange for publicly held shares at the minimum, midpoint, maximum and adjusted maximum of the offering range, respectively. The exchange shares reflect an exchange ratio of 1.0552, 1.2414, 1.4276 and 1.6417 at the minimum, midpoint, maximum and adjusted maximum of the offering range, respectively. The number of shares actually sold and the corresponding number of exchange shares may be more or less than the assumed amounts. 47 Table of Contents At or for the Year Ended December 31, 2013 Based upon the Sale at $10.00 Per Share of 1,700,000 Shares 2,000,000 Shares 2,300,000 Shares 2,645,000 Shares (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) Gross proceeds of offering $ 17,000 $ 20,000 $ 23,000 $ 26,450 Market value of shares issued in the exchange 10,973 12,910 14,846 17,073 Pro forma market capitalization $ 27,973 $ 32,910 $ 37,846 $ 43,523 Gross proceeds of offering $ 17,000 $ 20,000 $ 23,000 $ 26,450 Expenses 1,465 1,465 1,465 1,465 Estimated net proceeds 15,535 18,535 21,535 24,985 Common stock purchased by employee stock ownership plan (680 ) (800 ) (920 ) (1,058 ) Common stock purchased by stock-based benefit plans (680 ) (800 ) (920 ) (1,058 ) Estimated net proceeds, as adjusted $ 14,175 $ 16,935 $ 19,695 $ 22,869 For the Year Ended December 31, 2013 Consolidated net earnings: Historical $ 2,406 $ 2,406 $ 2,406 $ 2,406 Income on adjusted net proceeds 149 178 207 240 Income on MHC asset contribution 4 4 4 4 Employee stock ownership plan (1) (41 ) (48 ) (55 ) (63 ) Stock awards (2) (82 ) (96 ) (110 ) (127 ) Stock options (3) (77 ) (91 ) (104 ) (120 ) Pro forma net income $ 2,359 $ 2,353 $ 2,348 $ 2,340 Earnings per share (4): Historical(5) $ 0.88 $ 0.74 $ 0.64 $ 0.56 Income on adjusted net proceeds 0.05 0.06 0.06 0.06 Income on MHC asset contribution — — — — Employee stock ownership plan (1) (0.01 ) (0.01 ) (0.01 ) (0.01 ) Stock awards (2) (0.03 ) (0.03 ) (0.03 ) (0.03 ) Stock options (3) (0.03 ) (0.03 ) (0.03 ) (0.03 ) Pro forma earnings per share (4) $ 0.86 $ 0.73 $ 0.63 $ 0.55 Offering price to pro forma net earnings per share 11.63 x 13.70 x 15.87 x 18.18 x Number of shares used in earnings per share calculations 2,736,124 3,218,969 3,701,814 4,257,086 At December 31, 2013 Stockholders’ equity: Historical(5) $ 30,070 $ 30,070 $ 30,070 $ 30,070 Estimated net proceeds 15,535 18,535 21,535 24,985 Equity increase from the mutual holding company 346 346 346 346 Common stock acquired by employee stock ownership plan (1) (680 ) (800 ) (920 ) (1,058 ) Common stock acquired by stock-based benefit plans (2) (680 ) (800 ) (920 ) (1,058 ) Pro forma stockholders’ equity $ 44,591 $ 47,351 $ 50,111 $ 53,285 Intangible assets $ (4,554 ) $ (4,554 ) $ (4,554 ) $ (4,554 ) Pro forma tangible stockholders’ equity (6) $ 40,037 $ 42,797 $ 45,557 $ 48,731 Stockholders’ equity per share (7): Historical(5) $ 10.75 $ 9.13 $ 7.94 $ 6.90 Estimated net proceeds 5.55 5.63 5.69 5.74 Equity increase from the mutual holding company 0.12 0.11 0.09 0.08 Common stock acquired by employee stock ownership plan (1) (0.24 ) (0.24 ) (0.24 ) (0.24 ) Common stock acquired by stock-based benefit plans (2) (0.24 ) (0.24 ) (0.24 ) (0.24 ) Pro forma stockholders’ equity per share (6) (7) $ 15.94 $ 14.39 $ 13.24 $ 12.24 Intangible assets $ (1.63 ) $ (1.38 ) $ (1.20 ) $ (1.05 ) Pro forma tangible stockholders’ equity per share (6) (7) $ 14.31 $ 13.01 $ 12.04 $ 11.19 Offering price as percentage of pro forma stockholders’ equity per share 62.74 % 69.49 % 75.53 % 81.70 % Offering price as percentage of pro forma tangible stockholders’ equity per share 69.88 % 76.86 % 83.06 % 89.37 % Number of shares outstanding for pro forma book value per share calculations 2,797,324 3,290,969 3,784,614 4,352,306 (footnotes begin on following page) 48 Table of Contents (1) Assumes that 4% of the shares of common stock sold in the offering will be purchased by the employee stock ownership plan. For purposes of this table, the funds used to acquire these shares are assumed to have been borrowed by the employee stock ownership plan from New Pathfinder, and the outstanding loan with respect to existing shares of Pathfinder-Federal held by the employee stock ownership plan will be refinanced and consolidated with the new loan from New Pathfinder. Pathfinder Bank intends to make annual contributions to the employee stock ownership plan in an amount at least equal to the required principal and interest payments on the debt. Pathfinder Bank’s total annual payments on the employee stock ownership plan debt are based upon 10 equal annual installments of principal and interest. ASC 718-40 requires that an employer record compensation expense in an amount equal to the fair value of the shares committed to be released to employees. The pro forma adjustments assume that the employee stock ownership plan shares are allocated in equal annual installments based on the number of loan repayment installments assumed to be paid by Pathfinder Bank, the fair value of the common stock remains equal to the subscription price and the employee stock ownership plan expense reflects an effective combined federal and state tax rate of 40.0%. The unallocated employee stock ownership plan shares are reflected as a reduction of stockholders’ equity. No reinvestment is assumed on proceeds contributed to fund the employee stock ownership plan. The pro forma net income further assumes that 6,800, 8,000, 9,200 and 10,580 shares were committed to be released during the year at the minimum, midpoint, maximum and adjusted maximum of the offering range, respectively, and in accordance with ASC 718-40, only the employee stock ownership plan shares committed to be released during the period were considered outstanding for purposes of net income per share calculations. (2) Assumes that one or more stock-based benefit plans purchase an aggregate number of shares of common stock equal to 4% of the shares to be sold in the offering. Stockholder approval of the plans and purchases by the plans may not occur earlier than six months after the completion of the conversion. The shares may be acquired directly from New Pathfinder or through open market purchases. Shares in the stock-based benefit plan are assumed to vest over a period of five years. The funds to be used to purchase the shares will be provided by New Pathfinder. The table assumes that (i) the stock-based benefit plan acquires the shares through open market purchases at $10.00 per share, (ii) 20% of the amount contributed to the plan is amortized as an expense during the year ended December 31, 2013, and (iii) the plan expense reflects an effective combined federal and state tax rate of 40.0%. Assuming stockholder approval of the stock-based benefit plans and that shares of common stock (equal to 4% of the shares sold in the offering) are awarded through the use of authorized but unissued shares of common stock, stockholders would have their ownership and voting interests diluted by approximately 2.4%. (3) Assumes that options are granted under one or more stock-based benefit plans to acquire an aggregate number of shares of common stock equal to 10% of the shares to be sold in the offering. Stockholder approval of the plans may not occur earlier than six months after the completion of the conversion. In calculating the pro forma effect of the stock-based benefit plans, it is assumed that the exercise price of the stock options and the trading price of the common stock at the date of grant were $10.00 per share, the estimated grant-date fair value determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model was $2.52 for each option, the aggregate grant-date fair value of the stock options was amortized to expense on a straight-line basis over a five-year vesting period of the options, and that 25% of the amortization expense (or the assumed portion relating to options granted to directors) resulted in a tax benefit using an assumed tax rate of 40.0%. The actual expense will be determined by the grant-date fair value of the options, which will depend on a number of factors, including the valuation assumptions used and the option pricing model ultimately adopted. Under the above assumptions, the adoption of the stock-based benefit plans will result in no additional shares under the treasury stock method for purposes of calculating earnings per share. There can be no assurance that the actual exercise price of the stock options will be equal to the $10.00 price per share. If a portion of the shares used to satisfy the exercise of options comes from authorized but unissued shares, our net income per share and stockholders’ equity per share would decrease. The issuance of authorized but unissued shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of options under such plan would dilute stockholders’ ownership and voting interests by approximately 5.7%. (footnotes continue on following page) 49 Table of Contents (continued from previous page) (4) Per share figures include publicly held shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock that will be exchanged for shares of New Pathfinder common stock in the conversion. See “The Conversion and Offering—Share Exchange Ratio for Current Common Stockholders.” Net income per share computations are determined by taking the number of shares assumed to be sold in the offering and the number of new shares assumed to be issued in exchange for publicly held shares and, in accordance with ASC 718-40, subtracting the employee stock ownership plan shares which have not been committed for release during the year. See note 1. The number of shares of common stock actually sold and the corresponding number of exchange shares may be more or less than the assumed amounts. (5) The historical stockholders’ equity does not include the $13.0 million of our Series B Preferred Stock that we sold to the U.S. Treasury in connection with the SBLF. (6) The retained earnings of Pathfinder Bank will be substantially restricted after the conversion. See “Our Dividend Policy,” “The Conversion and Offering—Liquidation Rights” and “Supervision and Regulation—Capital Distributions.” (7) Per share figures include publicly held shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock that will be exchanged for shares of New Pathfinder common stock in the conversion. Stockholders’ equity per share calculations are based upon the sum of (i) the number of shares assumed to be sold in the offering and (ii) shares to be issued in exchange for publicly held shares at the minimum, midpoint, maximum and adjusted maximum of the offering range, respectively. The exchange shares reflect an exchange ratio of 1.0552, 1.2414, 1.4276 and 1.6417 at the minimum, midpoint, maximum and adjusted maximum of the offering range, respectively. The number of shares actually sold and the corresponding number of exchange shares may be more or less than the assumed amounts. 50 Table of Contents MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS This discussion and analysis reflects our consolidated financial statements and other relevant statistical data, and is intended to enhance your understanding of our financial condition and results of operations. The information in this section has been derived from the audited and unaudited consolidated financial statements, which appear beginning on page F-1 of this prospectus. You should read the information in this section in conjunction with the business and financial information regarding Pathfinder-Federal and the financial statements provided in this prospectus. Overview Pathfinder Bank provides financial services to individuals and businesses from our eight banking offices located in Oswego and Onondaga Counties, New York. Our primary market area includes Oswego County and Onondaga County, New York. Our principal business has consisted of attracting retail deposits from the general public in our market area and investing those deposits, together with funds generated from operations, in one- to four-family residential real estate loans, commercial real estate loans, commercial and municipal loans and, to a lesser extent, home equity loans and junior liens and consumer loans. We also invest in securities, which consist primarily of securities issued by the United States Government and its agencies and sponsored enterprises, state and municipal obligations, corporate debt securities, mutual funds, and equity securities. We offer a variety of deposit accounts to consumers and small businesses, including savings accounts, NOW accounts and money market accounts. Our results of operations depend primarily on net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between interest income earned on our investments in mortgage and other loans, investment securities and other assets, and our cost of funds consisting of interest paid on deposits and borrowings. Our net income is also affected by our provision for loan losses, noninterest income consisting primarily of service charges and servicing rights, net gains and losses on sales and redemptions of securities, loans and foreclosed real estate, fees on account balances and commissions from insurance agency and investment services, noninterest expense consisting primarily of employee compensation and benefits, occupancy and equipment costs and data processing costs and income taxes. Our results of operation are also affected significantly by general economic and competitive conditions, particularly changes in market interest rates, government policies, and actions of regulatory authorities. These events are beyond our control. In particular, the general level of market interest rates tend to be cyclical and unpredictable. Business Strategy Our business strategy has been to transition from a traditional savings bank primarily focused on originating one- to four-family residential real estate loans to a more diversified loan composition similar to a commercial bank, while at the same time, maintaining our high standards of customer service and convenience. We have emphasized developing our business banking by offering products desirable to small businesses in our market area. Notwithstanding, a significant portion of our lending activity has been, and will continue to be, the origination of one- to four-family residential real estate loans. Highlights of our business strategy are as follows: · Expanding our business banking . We have increased our emphasis on servicing the needs of small businesses in our market area. We intend to use our branch office network and experienced commercial deposit specialists to provide convenient commercial loan and deposit products and services to business customers, including merchant and remote deposit capture services. We believe that by developing our commercial relationships with small businesses we will be able to offer a variety of services and deposit products that will provide a growing source of fee income to Pathfinder Bank. We have introduced new products and services in order to attract new business customers and we will continue to expand our products to help meet the needs of our business customers. 51 Table of Contents · Continuing our emphasis on commercial business and commercial real estate lending . In recent years, we have sought to significantly increase our commercial business and commercial real estate lending, consistent with safe and sound underwriting practices. In this regard, we have added personnel who are experienced in originating and servicing our commercial real estate and commercial business loans. At March 31, 2014, commercial real estate loans totaled $102.6 million, or 29.5% of loans, compared with $62.2 million, or 23.8% of loans, at December 31, 2009. At March 31, 2014, commercial and municipal loans totaled $51.6 million, or 14.8% of loans, compared with $35.4 million, or 13.5% of loans, at December 31, 2009. We view the growth of our commercial business and commercial real estate loans as a means of diversifying and increasing our interest income and establishing relationships with local businesses, which provide a recurring and broader source of fee income and deposits. We expect that our emphasis on commercial business and commercial real estate lending will complement our traditional one- to four-family residential real estate lending. · Diversifying our products and services with a goal of increasing non-interest income over time . We have sought to reduce our dependence on net interest income by increasing the fee income for services we provide. We offer property and casualty, life and health insurance through our subsidiary, Pathfinder Risk Management Company, Inc., and its insurance agency subsidiary, the FitzGibbons Agency, LLC. Additionally, Pathfinder Bank’s investment services provides brokerage services for the purchase of stocks, bonds, mutual funds, annuities, and long-term care products. We intend to gradually grow these businesses in the years ahead. We have already added personnel for Pathfinder Bank’s investment services. At March 31, 2014, there were $30.8 million in assets under management for our investment services division. We believe that there will be opportunities to cross-sell these products to our deposit and borrower customers which may increase our non-interest income. · Continuing to grow our customer relationships and deposit base by expanding our branch network . As conditions permit, we will expand our branch network through a combination of de novo branching and acquisitions of branches or other financial services companies. We believe that as we expand our branch network, our customer relationships and deposit base will continue to grow. During the third quarter of 2014, we intend to open a business banking office in Syracuse, New York. As we continue to grow our lending operations in Onondaga County, we anticipate opening additional branches in Onondaga County based on customer demand. As of June 30, 2013, our total deposits represented 31.2% of all deposits in Oswego County, but only 0.46% of all deposits in Onondaga County. As we expand our branch network, we expect our deposit base in Onondaga County to increase. We do not currently have any agreements or understandings regarding specific de novo branches or acquisitions. Additionally, we have committed significant resources to establish a banking platform to accommodate future growth by upgrading our information technology, maintaining a robust risk management and compliance staff, hiring additional commercial lenders and credit analysts, and upgrading our physical infrastructure. We believe that these investments will enable us to achieve operational efficiencies with minimal additional investments, while providing increased convenience for our customers. · Utilizing the net proceeds from the conversion to continue the controlled growth of Pathfinder Bank. In 2009, we sold $6.7 million of Series A Preferred Stock to the U.S. Treasury as part of the Troubled Asset Relief Program (“TARP”). In September 2011, we replaced the Series A Preferred Stock with $13.0 million in gross proceeds from the sale of Series B Preferred Stock to the U.S. Treasury as part of the Small Business Lending Fund (“SBLF”). At March 31, 2014, the Series B Preferred Stock had an annual dividend rate of 1.0% which will increase to 9.0% in March 2016. We have used the proceeds from the sale of preferred stock to provide capital for asset growth and increased lending. During the period between December 31, 2009 and March 31, 2014, our total assets grew by $154.2 million, or 41.5%, principally through organic loan origination and deposit growth. We believe that we can successfully utilize the net proceeds from the conversion to 52 Table of Contents continue our asset growth and create a banking platform that will improve our profitability and create operational efficiencies for Pathfinder Bank. · Providing quality customer service. Our strategy emphasizes providing quality customer service delivered through our branch network and meeting the financial needs of our customer base by offering a full complement of loan, deposit and online banking solutions (i.e., internet banking). We intend to open a new business banking office in Syracuse, New York in the third quarter of 2014 to increase the convenience of our branch network for our Onondaga County customers. Our competitive advantage is our ability to make decisions, such as approving loans, more quickly than our larger competitors. Customers enjoy, and will continue to enjoy, access to senior executives and local decision makers at Pathfinder Bank and the flexibility it brings to their businesses. Critical Accounting Policies Our Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and follow practices within the banking industry. Application of these principles requires management to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes. These estimates, assumptions and judgments are based on information available as of the date of the financial statements; accordingly, as this information changes, the financial statements could reflect different estimates, assumptions and judgments. Certain policies inherently have a greater reliance on the use of estimates, assumptions and judgments, and as such, have a greater possibility of producing results that could be materially different than originally reported. Estimates, assumptions and judgments are necessary when assets and liabilities are required to be recorded at fair value or when an asset or liability needs to be recorded contingent upon a future event. Carrying assets and liabilities at fair value inherently results in more financial statement volatility. The fair values, and information used to record valuation adjustments for certain assets and liabilities, are based on quoted market prices or are provided by other third-party sources, when available. When third party information is not available, valuation adjustments are estimated in good faith by management. The most significant accounting policies we follow are presented in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements . These policies, along with the disclosures presented in the other financial statement notes and in this discussion, provide information on how significant assets and liabilities are valued in the Consolidated Financial Statements and how those values are determined. Based on the valuation techniques used and the sensitivity of financial statement amounts to the methods, assumptions, and estimates underlying those amounts, management has identified the allowance for loan losses, deferred income taxes, pension obligations, the evaluation of investment securities for other than temporary impairment, the annual evaluation of our goodwill for possible impairment, and the estimation of fair values for accounting and disclosure purposes to be the accounting areas that require the most subjective and complex judgments. These areas could be the most subject to revision as new information becomes available. Allowance for Loan Losses. The allowance for loan losses represents management's estimate of probable loan losses inherent in the loan portfolio. Determining the amount of the allowance for loan losses is considered a critical accounting estimate because it requires significant judgment on the use of estimates related to the amount and timing of expected future cash flows on impaired loans, estimated losses on pools of homogeneous loans based on historical loss experience, and consideration of current economic trends and conditions, all of which may be susceptible to significant change. We establish a specific allowance for all commercial loans in excess of the total related credit threshold of $100,000 and single borrower residential mortgage loans in excess of the total related credit threshold of $300,000 identified as being impaired which are on nonaccrual and have been risk rated under our risk rating system as substandard, doubtful, or loss. In addition, an accruing substandard loan could be identified as being impaired. The measurement of impaired loans is generally based upon the present value of future cash flows discounted at the historical effective interest rate, except that all collateral-dependent loans are measured for impairment based on the fair value of the collateral, less costs to sell. The majority of our impaired loans are collateral-dependent. For all other loans and leases, we use the general allocation methodology that establishes an allowance to estimate the probable incurred loss for each risk-rating category. The loan portfolio also represents the 53 Table of Contents largest asset type on the consolidated statement of condition. Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements describes the methodology used to determine the allowance for loan losses and includes a discussion of the factors driving changes in the amount of the allowance for loan losses. Deferred Income Taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined using the liability method. Under this method, the net deferred tax asset or liability is recognized for the future tax consequences. This is attributable to the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases as well as net operating and capital loss carry forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates applied to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The affect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income tax expense in the period that includes the enactment date. If current available evidence about the future raises doubt about the likelihood of a deferred tax asset being realized, a valuation allowance is established. The judgment about the level of future taxable income, including that which is considered capital, is inherently subjective and is reviewed on a continual basis as regulatory and business factors change. A valuation allowance of $458,000 was maintained at March 31, 2014, as management believes it may not generate sufficient capital gains to offset its capital loss carry forward. Our effective tax rate differs from the statutory rate due primarily to non-taxable income from investment securities and bank owned life insurance. Pension Obligations. We maintain a noncontributory defined benefit pension plan covering substantially all employees. The plan provides defined benefits based on years of service and final average salary. On May 14, 2012, we informed our employees of our decision to freeze participation and benefit accruals under the plan, primarily to reduce some of the volatility in earnings that can accompany the maintenance of a defined benefit plan. The freeze became effective June 30, 2012. Pension and postretirement benefit plan liabilities and expenses are based upon actuarial assumptions of future events, including fair value of plan assets, interest rates, and the length of time we will have to provide those benefits. For further detail on our pension obligations, including the significant assumptions used by management, see Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements. Evaluation of Investment Securities for Other Than Temporary Impairment. We carry all of our available-for-sale investments at fair value with any unrealized gains or losses reported net of tax as an adjustment to shareholders' equity and included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), except for the credit-related portion of debt security impairment losses and other-than-temporary impairment (“OTTI”) of equity securities which are charged to earnings. Our ability to fully realize the value of our investments in various securities, including corporate debt securities, is dependent on the underlying creditworthiness of the issuing organization. In evaluating the debt security (both available-for-sale and held-to-maturity) portfolio for other-than-temporary impairment losses, management considers (1) if we intend to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost; (2) if it is “more likely than not” we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis; or (3) if the present value of expected cash flows is not sufficient to recover the entire amortized cost basis. When the fair value of a held-to-maturity or available-for-sale security is less than its amortized cost basis, an assessment is made as to whether other-than-temporary impairment (“OTTI”) is present. We consider numerous factors when determining whether a potential OTTI exists and the period over which the debt security is expected to recover. The principal factors considered are (1) the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than the amortized cost basis, (2) the financial condition of the issue and (guarantor, if any) and adverse conditions specifically related to the security, industry or geographic area, (3) failure of the issuer of the security to make scheduled interest or principal payments, (4) any changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency, and (5) the presence of credit enhancements, if any, including the guarantee of the federal government or any of its agencies. The estimation of fair value is significant to several of our assets; including investment securities available-for-sale, interest rate derivative (as discussed in further detail in Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements) intangible assets, foreclosed real estate, and the value of loan collateral when valuing loans. These are all recorded at either fair value, or the lower of cost or fair value. Fair values are determined based on third party sources, when available. Furthermore, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States require disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments as a part of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Fair values on our available-for-sale securities may be influenced by a number of factors; including market interest rates, prepayment speeds, discount rates, and the shape of yield curves. 54 Table of Contents Evaluation of Goodwill. Management performs an annual evaluation of our goodwill for possible impairment. Based on the results of the December 31, 2013 evaluation, management has determined that the carrying value of goodwill was not impaired as of that date. The evaluation approach is described in Note 9 of the consolidated financial statements. Further information on the estimation of fair values can be found in Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements. Estimation of Fair Values. Fair values for securities available-for-sale are obtained from an independent third party pricing service. Where available, fair values are based on quoted prices on a nationally recognized securities exchange. If quoted prices are not available, fair values are measured using quoted market prices for similar benchmark securities. Management made no adjustments to the fair value quotes that were provided by the pricing source. The fair values of foreclosed real estate and the underlying collateral value of impaired loans are typically determined based on evaluations by third parties, less estimated costs to sell. When necessary, appraisals are updated to reflect changes in market conditions. Comparison of Financial Condition at March 31, 2014 and at December 31, 2013 Assets. Total assets increased $22.1 million, or 4.4%, to $525.8 million at March 31, 2014 from $503.8 million at December 31, 2013. This increase in assets was primarily due to increases in investment securities, loans, cash and equivalents and bank owned life insurance. Investment securities increased to $126.7 million at March 31, 2014 from $115.4 million at December 31, 2013 with the majority of the increase within the held-to-maturity portfolio. Held-to-maturity securities increased $8.6 million to $43.0 million at March 31, 2014 due to our preference to place securities with greater price sensitivity into this category, thereby eliminating any potential volatility within accumulated other comprehensive income. Total loans receivable increased $6.5 million, or 1.9%, to $348.1 million at March 31, 2014 from $341.6 million at December 31, 2013 primarily due to an increase in commercial real estate loans. Commercial real estate loans increased $7.0 million to $102.6 million at March 31, 2014 from $95.5 million at December 31, 2013 as a result of our continued business development efforts. Total cash and cash equivalents increased $2.4 million to $18.9 million at March 31, 2014 from $16.6 million at December 31, 2013. Bank owned life insurance increased $1.8 million during the first quarter of 2014. The increase in bank owned life insurance was primarily the result of additional purchases of single premium life insurance policies on selected participants. These purchases will assist in the funding of our benefits under optional deferred compensation and supplemental executive retirement plans. Total Liabilities. Total liabilities increased to $482.0 million at March 31, 2014, from $460.7 million at December 31, 2013. Deposits increased $28.2 million, or 6.9%, to $438.4 million at March 31, 2014 from $410.1 million at December 31, 2013 primarily as a result of a $24.8 million increase within the municipal deposit portfolio due to seasonal tax collection activities. The remaining increase was the result of our organic growth efforts within the retail and business market segments. Core deposits (consisting of demand accounts, NOW accounts, money market deposit accounts and savings accounts) increased $32.8 million during the first quarter of 2014 to $282.6 million at March 31, 2014, while certificates of deposit decreased $2.0 million to $116.1 million at March 31, 2014, due to customers electing to reinvest their maturing certificates of deposit into short-term instruments to improve their liquidity in advance of potentially rising interest rates. Total borrowings decreased $7.0 million to $33.8 million at March 31, 2014. The increase in deposits allowed the paydown of $7.0 million in short-term borrowings at the FHLBNY. Stockholders’ Equity. Stockholders’ equity increased $702,000, or 1.6%, to $43.4 million at March 31, 2014 from $42.7 million at December 31, 2013. This increase was largely due to a $413,000 increase in retained earnings, resulting from the first quarter 2014 net income of $489,000 and a reduction of $223,000 in accumulated other comprehensive loss as we recorded an increase in the market value of our available-for-sale investment portfolio, partially offset by dividends declared on our common stock totaling $76,000. We were not required to declare any dividends in the first quarter of 2014 on our preferred stock in connection with the SBLF as positive updated lending information provided to the U.S. Treasury resulted in a credit against the dividend rate for the current quarter. We expect this credit to end in the second quarter of 2014 with the resumption of a 1.0% dividend rate in the third quarter of 2014 and subsequent quarters. If the SBLF remains 55 Table of Contents outstanding for more than four and one-half years since issuance, or March 2016, the dividend rate will be fixed at 9.0%. Comparison of Financial Condition at December 31, 2013 and at December 31, 2012 Assets. Total assets increased $26.0 million, or 5.4%, to $503.8 million at December 31, 2013 from $477.8 million at December 31, 2012. The increase was primarily due to an increase in held-to-maturity securities, loans and total cash and cash equivalents. At December 31, 2013, investment securities increased 6.5% to $115.4 million from $108.4 million at December 31, 2012. Held-to-maturity securities increased to $34.4 million at December 31, 2013 from $0 at December 31, 2012. This increase was due to reclassifying $32.5 million in securities from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity. In the third quarter of the year ended December 31, 2013, we identified 55 available-for-sale securities with an estimated fair value of $32.5 million that we believed contained the largest degree of volatility during a period of rising interest rates. These securities had a net unrealized loss position of $1.3 million at September 30, 2013 and were reclassified to held-to-maturity status at September 30, 2013. The after-tax impact of this unrealized loss position was $799,000, and became frozen upon transfer to held-to-maturity status with no impact on our net income as a result of this transfer. Available-for-sale securities decreased to $81.0 million at December 31, 2013 from $108.3 million at December 31, 2012. Total loans receivable increased $7.9 million, or 2.4%, to $341.6 million at December 31, 2013 compared to the prior year, primarily due to the growth in commercial real estate and commercial and municipal loans. Commercial real estate loans had significant growth as this portfolio increased $13.2 million, or 16.0%, as a result of our growth into the Syracuse market, an increase in brand awareness, disruption in the market caused by the sale of our local competitors, and execution of our defined business development strategy. Commercial and municipal loans increased $3.4 million to $52.2 million at December 31, 2013 in support of our strategy to diversify our loans. Residential real estate loans declined $8.5 million, or 4.8%, due primarily to an $8.8 million residential loan sale of longer-term lower yielding fixed rate loans in the second quarter of 2013 in order to manage our interest rate risk. Home equity and junior liens loans decreased 4.2% to $21.2 million at December 31, 2013, as a result of stricter credit standards and changes in rates during 2013. Total cash and cash equivalents increased $7.9 million, or 91.3%, at December 31, 2013 from $8.7 million at December 31, 2012 due to an increase in interest earning deposits, which was primarily funded by an increase in money market and CDARS deposits. Total Liabilities. Total liabilities increased to $460.7 million at December 31, 2013, from $437.0 million at December 31, 2012. Deposits increased $18.3 million, or 4.7%, to $410.1 million at December 31, 2013 from $391.8 million at December 31, 2012. The increase in total deposits was primarily related to increases in demand accounts, NOW accounts, money market deposit accounts and savings accounts. Core deposits (consisting of demand accounts, NOW accounts, money market deposit accounts and savings accounts) increased $24.7 million during 2013 to $249.8 million at December 31, 2013, while certificates of deposit decreased $11.4 million to $114.1 million at December 31, 2013 due to customers electing to reinvest their maturing certificates of deposit into short-term instruments to improve their liquidity in advance of potentially rising interest rates. Short-term borrowings are comprised primarily of advances and overnight borrowing at the FHLBNY. At December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, there were $24.0 million and $9.0 million, respectively, in short-term borrowings outstanding. This increase in short term borrowings was the result of payments on maturing long term and higher cost FHLBNY advances, which were replaced with short term and lower cost FHLBNY short term advances. Long-term borrowed funds consist of advances and repurchase agreements from the FHLBNY and junior subordinated debentures associated with our outstanding Trust Preferred Securities. Long-term borrowed funds, which include the ESOP loan, and junior subordinated debentures, totaled $22.0 million at December 31, 2013 as compared to $31.1 million at December 31, 2012. 56 Table of Contents Stockholders’ Equity. Our stockholders’ equity increased $2.0 million at December 31, 2013 to $42.7 million from $40.7 million at December 31, 2012. Retained earnings increased by $2.1 million as a result of 2013 net income of $2.4 million and a reduction in accumulated other comprehensive loss of $427,000 at December 31, 2013, partially offset by dividends declared on our common stock totaling $76,000. This decrease in accumulated other comprehensive loss was due principally to the after tax impact of the decline in unrealized holding gains of the available-for-sale securities portfolio, which occurred as market interest rates increased in 2013 and the September 2013 transfer of available-for-sale securities to held-to-maturity status, which froze the loss in face value on these securities and negatively impacted stockholders’ equity by $2.2 million. Partially offsetting this decline was a decrease in net actuarial loss, after tax, on our retirement plans of $1.6 million at December 31, 2013. This favorable impact was the result of positive earnings performance on our frozen pension plan assets and higher interest rates causing a reduction in the pension benefit obligation. 57 Table of Contents Average Balance Sheets, Interest and Yields/Costs The following table sets forth information concerning average interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and the yields and rates thereon. Interest income and resultant yield information in the table is on a fully tax-equivalent basis using marginal federal income tax rates of 34.0%. Averages are computed on the daily average balance for each month in the period divided by the number of days in the period. Yields and amounts earned include loan fees. Nonaccrual loans have been included in interest-earning assets for purposes of these calculations. At March 31, For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2014 2014 2013 Yield/ Cost Average Outstanding Balance Interest Earned/Paid Yield/ Cost (4) Average Outstanding Balance Interest Earned/Paid Yield/ Cost (4) (Dollars in thousands) Interest-earning assets: Real estate loans residential 4.52 % $ 168,739 $ 1,884 4.47 % $ 177,934 $ 2,059 4.63 % Real estate loans commercial 5.02 99,034 1,224 4.94 81,951 1,109 5.41 Commercial and municipal loans 4.91 52,626 617 4.69 51,144 608 4.76 Home equity and junior liens 5.07 21,236 266 5.01 21,869 281 5.14 Consumer loans 8.35 4,054 84 8.29 3,470 78 8.99 Taxable investment securities 2.12 96,500 454 1.88 93,820 418 1.78 Tax-exempt investment securities 4.31 27,148 295 4.35 25,979 289 4.45 Interest-earning time deposits 1.55 500 2 1.60 2,000 6 1.20 Interest-earning deposits 0.03 5,669 1 0.07 7,117 1 0.06 Total interest-earning assets 3.96 475,506 4,827 4.06 465,284 4,849 4.17 % Total noninterest-earning assets 34,188 30,819 Total assets $ 509,694 $ 496,103 Interest-bearing liabilities: NOW accounts 0.14 $ 40,848 17 0.17 $ 39,355 19 0.19 Money management accounts 0.15 13,312 5 0.15 14,444 9 0.25 MMDA accounts 0.40 90,462 94 0.42 81,206 96 0.47 Savings and club accounts 0.09 74,937 15 0.08 67,870 14 0.08 Time deposits 0.96 151,864 398 1.05 164,150 521 1.27 Total deposits 0.53 371,423 529 0.57 367,025 659 0.72 Junior subordinated debentures 3.07 5,155 40 3.10 5,155 40 3.10 Borrowings 1.50 34,259 126 1.47 32,437 197 2.43 Total interest- bearing liabilities 0.66 $ 410,837 $ 695 0.68 $ 404,617 $ 896 0.89 Demand deposits $ 52,054 $ 46,765 Other liabilities 3,525 3,632 Total liabilities 466,416 455,014 Stockholders’ Equity 43,278 41,089 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 509,694 $ 496,103 Net interest income $ 4,132 $ 3,953 Net interest rate spread (1) 3.38 % 3.28 % Net interest-earning assets (2) $ 64,669 $ 60,667 Net interest margin (3) 3.48 % 3.40 % Average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities 115.74 % 114.99 % (footnotes on following page) 58 Table of Contents For The Year Ended December 31, 2013 2012 2011 Average Outstanding Balance Interest Earned/Paid Yield/ Cost Average Outstanding Balance Interest Earned/Paid Yield/ Cost Average Outstanding Balance Interest Earned/Paid Yield/ Cost (Dollars in thousands) Interest-earning assets: Real estate loans residential $ 172,294 7,810 4.53 % $ 168,354 8,233 4.89 % $ 153,735 $ 8,029 5.22 % Real estate loans commercial 90,042 4,729 5.25 72,894 4,194 5.75 70,050 4,372 6.24 Commercial and municipal loans 51,218 2,441 4.77 45,598 2,161 4.74 38,533 1,904 4.94 Home equity and junior liens 21,365 1,101 5.15 23,262 1,199 5.15 24,987 1,387 5.55 Consumer loans 3,813 315 8.26 3,694 336 9.10 3,481 339 9.74 Taxable investment securities 94,597 1,748 1.85 93,352 1,927 2.06 79,236 2,231 2.82 Tax-exempt investment securities 25,972 1,152 4.44 23,716 1,100 4.64 11,716 571 4.87 Interest-earning time deposits 1,612 19 1.18 1,994 24 1.20 176 2 1.14 Interest-earning deposits 6,901 7 0.10 3,426 4 0.12 4,147 5 0.12 Total interest-earning assets 467,814 19,322 4.13 436,290 19,178 4.40 386,061 18,840 4.88 Total noninterest-earning assets 30,032 30,963 33,068 Total assets $ 497,846 $ 467,253 $ 419,129 Interest-bearing liabilities: NOW accounts 37,733 80 0.21 % 31,819 82 0.26 % 30,274 87 0.29 % Money management accounts 13,962 26 0.19 14,395 43 0.30 12,964 43 0.33 MMDA accounts 81,734 364 0.45 77,401 427 0.55 64,352 438 0.68 Savings and club accounts 69,284 54 0.08 63,962 54 0.08 60,713 78 0.13 Time deposits 160,823 1,954 1.22 159,283 2,290 1.44 139,299 2,590 1.86 Total deposits 363,536 2,478 0.68 346,860 2,896 0.83 307,602 3,236 1.05 Junior subordinated debentures 5,155 162 3.14 5,155 169 3.28 5,155 163 3.16 Borrowings 35,128 624 1.78 31,079 843 2.71 31,255 942 3.01 Total interest- bearing liabilities 403,819 3,264 0.81 383,094 3,908 1.02 344,012 4,341 1.26 Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 48,814 40,759 35,971 Other liabilities 4,185 3,765 4,722 Total liabilities 456,818 427,618 384,705 Stockholders’ Equity 41,028 39,635 34,424 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity 497,846 467,253 419,129 Net interest income $ 16,058 $ 15,270 $ 14,499 Net interest rate spread (1) 3.32 % 3.38 % 3.62 % Net interest-earning assets (2) $ 63,995 $ 53,196 $ 42,049 Net interest margin (3) 3.43 % 3.50 % 3.76 % Average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities 115.85 % 113.89 % 112.22 % (1) Net interest rate spread represents the difference between the weighted average yield on interest-earning assets and the weighted average rate of interest-bearing liabilities. (2) Net interest-earning assets represent total interest-earning assets less total interest-bearing liabilities. (3) Net interest margin represents net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets. (4) Annualized. (footnotes on following page) 59 Table of Contents Rate/Volume Analysis Net interest income can also be analyzed in terms of the impact of changing interest rates on interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, and changes in the volume or amount of these assets and liabilities. The following table represents the extent to which changes in interest rates and changes in the volume of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities have affected our interest income and interest expense during the periods indicated. Information is provided in each category with respect to: (i) changes attributable to changes in volume (change in volume multiplied by prior rate); (ii) changes attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume); and (iii) total increase or decrease. Changes attributable to both rate and volume have been allocated ratably. Three Months Ended March 31, 2014 vs. 2013 Year Ended December 31, 2013 vs. 2012 Year Ended December 31, 2012 vs. 2011 Increase/(Decrease) Due to Total Increase Increase/(Decrease) Due to Total Increase Increase/(Decrease) Due to Total Increase Volume Rate (Decrease) Volume Rate (Decrease) Volume Rate (Decrease) (In thousands) Interest-earning assets: Real estate loans residential $ (104 ) $ (71 ) $ (175 ) $ 189 $ (612 ) $ (423 ) $ 732 $ (528 ) $ 204 Real estate loans commercial 624 (509 ) 115 924 (389 ) 535 173 (351 ) (178 ) Commercial loans 51 (42 ) 9 268 12 280 337 (80 ) 257 Home equity and junior liens (8 ) (7 ) (15 ) (111 ) ─ (111 ) (109 ) (79 ) (188 ) Consumer loans 8 (2 ) 6 11 (19 ) (8 ) 20 (23 ) (3 ) Taxable investment securities 12 24 36 25 (204 ) (179 ) 358 (662 ) (304 ) Tax-exempt investment securities 39 (33 ) 6 102 (50 ) 52 557 (28 ) 529 Interest-earning time deposits (14 ) 10 (4 ) (5 ) ─ (5 ) 22 ─ 22 Interest-earning deposits (1 ) 1 ─ 3 ─ 3 (3 ) 2 (1 ) Total interest-earning assets $ 607 $ (629 ) $ (22 ) $ 1,406 $ (1,262 ) $ 144 $ 2,087 $ (1,749 ) $ 338 Interest-bearing liabilities: NOW accounts 4 (6 ) (2 ) 14 (16 ) (2 ) 4 (9 ) (5 ) Money management accounts (1 ) (3 ) (4 ) (1 ) (16 ) (17 ) 4 (4 ) ─ MMDA accounts 44 (46 ) (2 ) 23 (86 ) (63 ) 81 (92 ) (11 ) Savings and club accounts 3 (2 ) 1 4 (4 ) ─ 4 (28 ) (24 ) Time deposits (37 ) (86 ) (123 ) 22 (358 ) (336 ) 338 (638 ) (300 ) Junior subordinated debentures ─ ─ ─ ─ (7 ) (7 ) ─ 6 6 Borrowings 69 (140 ) (71 ) 99 (318 ) (219 ) (5 ) (94 ) (99 ) Total interest-bearing liabilities $ 82 $ (283 ) $ (201 ) $ 161 $ (805 ) $ (644 ) $ 426 $ (859 ) $ (433 ) Change in net interest income $ 525 $ (346 ) $ 179 $ 1,245 $ (457 ) $ 788 $ 1,661 $ (890 ) $ 771 60 Table of Contents Comparison of Consolidated Operating Results for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2014 and 2013 General. We had net income of $489,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2014 compared to net income of $505,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2013. The decrease in the net income was due primarily to an increase in noninterest expense, partially offset by increases in net interest income and noninterest income and a decrease in our provision for loan losses. Interest Income. Interest income on a tax-equivalent basis decreased $22,000, or 0.5%, to $4.8 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2014. The decrease in our interest income was primarily due to interest income from loans decreasing $60,000, or 1.5%, to $4.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014, partially offset by the increase in taxable debt securities of $36,000, or 8.6%, to $454,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2014. The average balance of interest earning assets increased $10.2 million, or 2.2%, to $475.5 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014 from $465.3 million for the three months ended March 31, 2013 as we increased our emphasis on growing our commercial real estate loan portfolio. Our average yield earned on interest earning assets decreased 11 basis points to 4.06% during the three months ended March 31, 2014 from 4.17% during the three months ended March 31, 2013 due to the low interest rate environment. Interest income on loans decreased $62,000 to $4.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014 from $4.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2013 primarily as a result of the decreases in the average yields on residential real estate loans, commercial real estate loans and commercial and municipal loans. The average yield earned on our commercial real estate loans decreased 47 basis points to 4.94% for the three months ended March 31, 2014 primarily due to lower yielding new originations in the low interest rate environment. The average balance of commercial real estate loans increased $17.1 million, or 20.8%, to $99.0 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014, from $82.0 million for the three months ended March 31, 2013 due to our continued business strategy to expand into the Syracuse market. The average yield earned on our residential mortgage loan portfolio decreased 16 basis points to 4.47% during the three months ended March 31, 2014, as higher rate amortizing mortgages were replaced with new originations reflecting lower current market rates. In addition, the average balance of our residential mortgage loan portfolio decreased by $9.2 million, or 5.2%, to $168.7 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014 from $177.9 million for the three months ended March 31, 2013, primarily due to the $8.8 million residential loan sale of longer-term lower yielding fixed rate loans in the second quarter of 2013. The average yield earned on our commercial and municipal loans decreased 7 basis points to 4.69% for the three months ended March 31, 2014 as higher interest rate maturing loans were replaced with new loans at the current lower market interest rate. The average balance of commercial and municipal loans increased $1.5 million, or 2.9%, to $52.6 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014 from $51.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2013. This increase in the average balance of commercial and municipal loans reflects our plan to continue to diversify our loan portfolio and expand our presence in the Syracuse market. Interest income on taxable investment securities increased $36,000, or 8.6%, to $454,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2014 from $418,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2013 as the average yield on such securities increased 10 basis points to 1.88% for the three months ended March 31, 2014. In addition, the average balance of taxable investment securities increased $2.7 million to $96.5 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014. The increase was due to the need for additional collateral in support of our increasing balances of municipal deposits. Interest income on tax-exempt securities increased $6,000, or 2.1%, to $295,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2014 when compared to the three months ended March 31, 2013. This slight increase was due to the average balance of tax-exempt securities increasing $1.2 million to $27.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014, partially offset by the decrease in the average yield earned on the tax-exempt securities, which decreased 10 basis points to 4.35% for the three months ended March 31, 2014. Interest Expense. Interest expense for the three months ended March 31, 2014 decreased $201,000, or 22.4%, to $695,000 from $896,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2013. The decrease in our interest expense was primarily due to our interest expense on deposits decreasing $130,000, or 19.7%, to $529,000 during the three months ended March 31, 2014 and our interest expense on long-term borrowings decreasing $71,000, or 36.0%, to $126,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2014. The average rate paid on all interest-bearing liabilities decreased 21 basis points to 0.68% during the three months ended March 31, 2014, compared to 0.89% during the three months ended March 31, 2013 as market interest rates remained low. 61 Table of Contents Interest expense on deposits decreased primarily due to the decrease in the average rate paid on time deposits of 22 basis points to 1.05% as maturing certificates of deposit were either replaced at lower current market rates or invested in lower costing core deposits. Accordingly, the average balance of core deposits increased $22.0 million to $271.6 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014. Interest expense on long-term borrowings decreased largely due to our higher rate maturing advances being replaced with advances of a shorter duration and a lower average rate. The average rate of our borrowings decreased 96 basis points to 1.47% for the three months ended March 31, 2014. Net Interest Income. Net interest income, on a tax-equivalent basis, increased $179,000, or 4.5%, to $4.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014 as compared to $3.8 million for the three months ended March 31, 2013. The increase in net interest income was principally due to the increase in average commercial real estate loan balances and the decrease in average rates paid on time deposits and FHLBNY borrowings. The average balance of interest-earning assets increased $10.2 million, or 2.2%, during the three months ended March 31, 2014 and the average balance of interest-bearing liabilities increased by $6.2 million, or 1.5%. The ratio of average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities increased to 115.74% during the three months ended March 31, 2014 from 114.99% during the three months ended March 31, 2013. When comparing the three months end March 31, 2014 to the three months ended March 31, 2013, the average yield on average interest-earning assets declined by 11 basis points, whereas the average rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities declined by 21 basis points. As a result, our net interest margin for the three months ended March 31, 2014 increased to 3.48% from 3.40% during the three months ended March 31, 2013. Provision for Loan Losses. We established a provision for loan losses, which is charged to operations, at a level management believes is appropriate to absorb probable incurred credit losses in the loan portfolio. In evaluating the level of the allowance for loan losses, management considers historical loss experience, the types of loans and the amount of loans in the loan portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower’s ability to repay, estimated value of any underlying collateral, and prevailing economic conditions. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available or as future events change. The provision for loan losses represents management’s estimate of the amount necessary to maintain the allowance for loan losses at an adequate level. We recorded $245,000 in provision for loan losses for the three month period ended March 31, 2014, as compared to $324,000 for the three month period ended March 31, 2013. We required a larger provision in the first quarter of 2013 due to the specific reserve of $105,000 required from the addition of a $1.1 million commercial relationship categorized as impaired during the first quarter of 2013. Despite the decrease in provision from the prior year’s first quarter, our provision for the first quarter of 2014 included specific reserves in the amount of $339,000 related to two newly impaired commercial relationships, whose aggregate recorded investment was $2.6 million. Management continues to closely monitor the two newly impaired commercial lending relationships. Management anticipates that significant improvements will be made in these relationships prior to year end, thus reducing the amount of specific reserves needed over time. Additionally, net loan charge-offs were $287,000 for the first quarter of 2014 as compared to $139,000 for the same prior year period. Two thirds of the net loan charge-offs in the first quarter of 2014 were related to the commercial loans, lines, and real estate product classes. A portion of the increase in net loan charge-offs was a result of certain 2014 non-recurring portfolio charge-offs recorded in order to conform more closely to FDIC guidance. These charge-offs, when annualized, are higher than any amount recorded over the prior five fiscal years. In order to accommodate the increase in specific reserves and the level of net loan charge-offs for the first quarter of 2014, the unallocated surplus of $288,000 in the allowance for loan losses recorded at December 31, 2013 was completely utilized to fund these needs. Noninterest Income. Our noninterest income is primarily comprised of fees on deposit account balances and transactions, loan servicing, commissions, including insurance agency commissions, and net gains on securities, loans, and foreclosed real estate. 62 Table of Contents The following table sets forth certain information on noninterest income for the periods indicated: For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2014 2013 Change (Dollars in thousands) Service charges on deposit accounts $ 279 $ 255 $ 24 9.4 % Earnings and gain on bank owned life insurance 60 61 (1 ) (1.6 ) Loan servicing fees 54 44 10 22.7 Debit card interchange fees 114 106 8 7.5 Other charges, commissions and fees 314 142 172 121.1 Non-interest income before gains 821 608 213 35.0 Net gains on sales and redemptions of investment securities 2 39 (37 ) (94.9 ) Net gains on sales of loans and foreclosed real estate 3 29 (26 ) (89.7 ) Total non-interest income $ 826 $ 676 $ 150 22.2 % Total noninterest income for the three months ended March 31, 2014 increased $150,000, or 22.2%, to $826,000 from $676,000 for the prior year period due principally to the commissions from Pathfinder Risk Management Company, Inc. which owns 51% of the membership interest in Fitzgibbons Agency, LLC (“Agency”). Service charges on deposit accounts increased due to pricing and activity on extended overdraft fees and ATM fees. First quarter year over year reductions in net gains on sales and redemptions of investment securities and net gains on sales of loans and foreclosed real estate reflected the nominal activity seen in the current year quarter. Noninterest Expense. Total noninterest expense for the three months ended March 31, 2014 increased $401,000, or 11.4%, to $3.9 million from $3.5 million for the three months ended March 31, 2013. Noninterest expense increased due largely to an increase in the salaries component of the below total personnel expenses. The total salaries of the Agency comprised $65,000 of this increase as the Agency’s interest was acquired in the fourth quarter of 2013. The remaining increase in the salary expense reflected $57,000 in reduced salary deferrals related to loan volume, $39,000 in additional commissions and incentive expense, and wage increases. When viewing the employee benefit component of salaries and employee benefits, exclusive of the employee benefit costs of the Agency, total employee benefit costs increased slightly as the reduction in pension expense of $97,000 between year over year first quarter periods was available to largely offset increases in payroll related employee benefits expenses and deferred compensation costs. Additionally occupancy expenses increased due, in part, to the periodic costs related to the maintenance and upkeep of the three properties purchased from Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC in the fourth quarter of 2013. For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2014 2013 Change (Dollars in thousands) Salaries and employee benefits $ 2,197 $ 1,910 $ 287 15.0 % Building occupancy 407 365 42 11.5 Data processing 364 368 (4 ) (1.1 ) Professional and other services 175 159 16 10.1 Amortization of intangible assets 3 ─ 3 NM Advertising 133 116 17 14.7 FDIC assessments 95 84 11 13.1 Audits and exams 64 61 3 3.1 Other expenses 468 442 26 5.9 Total non-interest expenses $ 3,906 $ 3,505 $ 401 11.4 % 63 Table of Contents Income Tax Expense. Income tax expense decreased by $11,000 for the quarter ended March 31, 2014 as compared to the same period in 2013 primarily due to a decrease in pretax income but offset by an increase in the effective tax rate from 27.0% through the first quarter of 2013 to 27.8% for the first quarter of 2014. The effective tax rate increased to 27.8% from 27.0%, principally reflecting a smaller proportion of tax-exempt items as a proportion of our taxable income in the first quarter of 2014. We have reduced our effective tax rate from the combined federal and state statutory rate of 38.7% primarily through the ownership of tax-exempt investment securities, bank owned life insurance, and other tax saving strategies. Comparison of Consolidated Operating Results for the Years Ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 General. We had net income of $2.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to net income of $2.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. The decrease in the net income was due primarily to increases in noninterest expense and the provision for loan losses, partially offset by increases in net interest income and noninterest income. Interest Income. Interest income on a tax-equivalent basis increased $144,000, or 0.8%, to $19.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 from $19.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase in our interest income was primarily due to interest income from loans increasing $273,000, or 1.7%, to $16.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, partially offset by the decrease in taxable debt securities of $188,000, or 9.3%, to $1.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. The average balance of interest earning assets increased $31.5 million, or 7.2%, to $467.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 from $436.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 as we increased our emphasis on growing our commercial real estate loan portfolio. Our average yield earned on interest earning assets decreased 27 basis points to 4.13% during the year ended December 31, 2013, from 4.40% during the year ended December 31, 2012 due to the low interest rate environment. Interest income on loans increased $265,000 to $16.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 from $16.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 primarily as a result of the increase in the average balances of commercial real estate, commercial and municipal loans, and to a lesser extent, an increase in the average balance of residential mortgage loans. The average balance of commercial real estate loans increased $17.1 million, or 23.5%, to $90.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, from $72.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 as a result of our growth into the Syracuse market, an increase in brand awareness, disruption in the market caused by the sale of several local competitors, and execution of our defined business development strategy. The average yield earned on our commercial real estate loans decreased 50 basis points to 5.25% for the year ended December 31, 2013 due to lower yielding new originations in the low interest rate environment. The average balance of commercial and municipal loans increased $5.6 million, or 12.3%, to $51.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, from $45.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. This increase in the average balance of commercial and municipal loans reflects our plan to continue to diversify our loan portfolio. The average yield earned on our commercial and municipal loans also increased 3 basis points to 4.77% for the year ended December 31, 2013. The average balance of our residential mortgage loan portfolio increased modestly by $3.9 million, or 2.3%, to $172.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 from $168.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2012, partially offset by the $8.8 million residential loan sale of longer-term lower yielding fixed rate loans in the second quarter of 2013. The average yield earned on our residential mortgage loan portfolio decreased 36 basis points to 4.53% during the year ended December 31, 2013, as higher rate amortizing mortgages were replaced with new originations reflecting lower current market rates. Interest income on taxable investment securities decreased $188,000, or 9.3%, to $1.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 from $1.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 as the average yield on such securities decreased 21 basis points to 1.85% for 2013. This decrease was the result of maturing investment securities being replaced by securities purchased with a shorter duration and lower current market interest rates. Interest income on tax-exempt securities increased $52,000, or 4.7%, to $762,000 for the year ended December 31, 2013 when compared to the prior year as tax-equivalent yields on these securities continued to be attractive investment alternatives. The average balance of tax-exempt securities increased $ 2.3 million to $26.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. 64 Table of Contents Interest Expense. Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2013 decreased $644,000, or 16.5%, to $3.3 million from $3.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. The decrease in our interest expense was primarily due to our interest expense on deposits decreasing $418,000, or 14.4%, to $2.5 million in 2013 and our interest expense on long-term borrowings decreasing $260,000, or 35.8%, to $726,000 for the year ended December 31, 2013. The average rate paid on all interest-bearing liabilities decreased 21 basis points to 0.81% during the year ended December 31, 2013, compared to 1.02% during the year ended December 31, 2012 as market interest rates remained low. Interest expense on deposits decreased primarily due to the decrease in the average rate paid on time deposits of 22 basis points to 1.22% as maturing certificates of deposit were either replaced at lower current market rates or invested in lower costing core deposits. Accordingly, the average balance of core deposits increased $23.2 million to $251.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. Interest expense on long-term borrowings decreased largely due to our higher rate maturing advances being replaced with advances of a shorter duration and a lower average rate. The average rate of our borrowings decreased 93 basis points to 1.78% for the year ended December 31, 2013. Net Interest Income. Net interest income, on a tax-equivalent basis, increased $788,000, or 5.2%, to $16.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to $15.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase in net interest income was principally due to the increase in average commercial loan balances and the decrease in average rates paid on time deposits and FHLBNY borrowings. The average balance of interest-earning assets increased $31.5 million, or 7.2%, during 2013 and the average balance of interest-bearing liabilities increased by $20.7 million, or 5.4%. The ratio of average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities increased to 115.85% in 2013 from 113.89% in 2012. When comparing 2013 to 2012, the average yield on average interest-earning assets declined by 27 basis points, whereas the average rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities declined by 21 basis points. As a result, our net interest margin for 2013 decreased to 3.43% from 3.50% in 2012. Provision for Loan Losses. We established a provision for loan losses, which is charged to operations, at a level management believes is appropriate to absorb probable incurred credit losses in the loan portfolio. In evaluating the level of the allowance for loan losses, management considers historical loss experience, the types of loans and the amount of loans in the loan portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower’s ability to repay, estimated value of any underlying collateral, and prevailing economic conditions. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available or as future events change. We recorded a $1.0 million provision for loan losses during the year ended December 31, 2013, compared to $825,000 recorded during the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase in our provision for loan losses reflected higher levels of net charge-offs during the year ended December 31, 2013, the need for an additional specific reserve on one large commercial relationship and a growing loan portfolio. Total specific reserves on impaired loans were $1.0 million and $923,000 at December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, respectively. Net charge-offs for the years ended December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012 were $492,000 and $304,000, respectively. The allowance for loan losses was $5.0 million, or 1.5% of loans outstanding at December 31, 2013 compared to $4.5 million, or 1.4% of loans outstanding at December 31, 2012. The non-performing assets to total assets ratio at December 31, 2013 was 1.18% as compared to 1.25% at December 31, 2012. 65 Table of Contents Noninterest Income. Our noninterest income is primarily comprised of fees on deposit account balances and transactions, loan servicing, commissions and net gains or losses on sales of securities, loans, and foreclosed real estate. For the Year Ended December 31, 2013 2012 Change (Dollars in thousands) Service charges on deposit accounts $ 1,175 $ 1,112 $ 63 5.7 % Earnings and gain on bank owned life insurance 224 309 (85 ) (27.5 ) Loan servicing fees 146 211 (65 ) (30.8 ) Debit card interchange fees 469 426 43 10.1 Other charges, commissions and fees 567 569 (2 ) (0.4 ) Non-interest income before gains 2,581 2,627 (46 ) (1.8 ) Net gains on sales and redemptions of investment securities 365 375 (10 ) (2.7 ) Net gains on sales of loans and foreclosed real estate 470 61 409 670.5 Total non-interest income $ 3,416 $ 3,063 $ 353 11.5 % Total noninterest income for the year ended December 31, 2013 increased $353,000, or 11.5%, to $3.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 from $3.1 million for the prior year due principally to greater net gains on sales of loans and foreclosed real estate. We recorded a gain of $395,000 from the sale of $8.8 million in residential loans in the second quarter of 2013. Service charges on deposit accounts increased $63,000 to $1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 reflecting increased insufficient funds and overdraft fee activity. Debit card interchange fees increased $43,000 to $469,000 for the year ended December 31, 2013 primarily due to higher levels of debit card use. Earnings and gains on bank owned life insurance decreased $85,000 to $224,000 for the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to $309,000 for the year ended December 31, 2012. The decrease in bank owned life insurance was due to a gain on life insurance proceeds following the death of a former Pathfinder-Federal director. Loan servicing fees decreased $65,000 for the year end December 31, 2013 to $146,000 due to the $8.8 million residential loan sale and increased Fannie Mae guarantee charges, which are netted against loan servicing fees. Noninterest Expense. Total noninterest expense for the year ended December 31, 2013 increased $1.2 million, or 9.1%, to $14.8 million from $13.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 due largely to the increase in salaries and employee benefits reflecting wage increases, increased costs under our self insurance program, and ESOP-related compensation expenses. Other expenses increased $427,000 to $1.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 due to additional community service donations, charitable contributions, the write-down of a repossessed asset, and fraud losses. The repossessed asset write-down was related to a $65,000 loss on a repossessed boat and the fraud losses in the amount of $77,000 was principally due to a merchant security breach that occurred in December 2013. For the Year Ended December 31, 2013 2012 Change (Dollars in thousands) Salaries and employee benefits $ 8,081 $ 7,496 $ 585 7.8 % Building occupancy 1,476 1,427 49 3.4 Data processing 1,444 1,437 7 0.5 Professional and other services 659 654 5 0.8 Amortization of intangible assets 1 ─ 1 NM Advertising 537 453 84 18.5 FDIC assessments 415 311 104 33.4 Audits and exams 219 248 (29 ) (11.7 ) Other expenses 1,919 1,492 427 28.6 Total non-interest expenses $ 14,751 $ 13,518 $ 1,233 9.1 % 66 Table of Contents Income Tax Expense. For the year ended December 31, 2013, we reported income tax expense of $847,000 compared to $929,000 for the year ended December 31, 2012. The decrease in income tax expense was due to the decrease in income before tax between the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012. Our effective tax rate was 26.0% for both years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012. See Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for the reconciliation of the statutory tax rate to the effective tax rate. Management of Market Risk As a financial institution, we face risk from interest rate volatility. Fluctuations in interest rates affect both our level of income and expense on a large portion of our assets and liabilities. Fluctuations in interest rates also affect the market value of all interest-earning assets. The primary goal of our interest rate risk management strategy is to maximize net interest income while maintaining an acceptable interest rate risk profile. We seek to coordinate asset and liability decisions so that, under changing interest rate scenarios, portfolio equity and net interest income remain within an acceptable range. Interest rate risk management focuses on maintaining consistent growth in net interest income within Board-approved policy limits. Considered in the evaluation, among other factors are: overall credit risk, operating income, operating costs, and available capital. The Asset/Liability Committee (“ALCO”), of our Board of Directors, is comprised of six directors. In attendance are also the following officers: Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Credit Officer, General Counsel, and Controller. Committee Actions and minutes documenting the related discussions are later ratified by the Full Board of Directors. Management of interest rate risk leads us to select certain techniques and instruments to utilize after considering the benefits, costs and risks associated with available alternatives. We usually consider one or more of the following: (1) interest rates offered on products, (2) maturity terms offered on products, (3) types of products offered, and (4) products available to us in the wholesale market such as advances from the FHLB and brokered time deposits. We consider interest rate swap agreements in our evaluation of alternatives but generally do not typically engage in this technique, although we do have one swap agreement currently in place. We measure net interest income at risk by estimating the changes in future net interest income resulting from instantaneous and sustained parallel shifts in interest rates of up to plus 400 basis points or minus 100 basis points over time periods which range from one year to five years. This provides a basis or benchmark for ALCO to manage Pathfinder-Federal’s interest rate risk profile. A basis point equals one-hundredth of one percent, and 100 basis points equals one percent. An increase in interest rates from 3% to 4% would mean, for example, a 100 basis point increase. As an example, at March 31, 2014, a relatively small upward shock (100 basis points) would cause an estimated 2.6% reduction in net interest income over the next 12 months due to liabilities being repriced upwards faster than the repricing of assets. This situation is created from the timing mismatch of either the maturity or repricing of our liabilities and that of the maturity and repricing of our assets. Over a longer period of time, such as 3 years, this same upward shock would have no measurable impact on net interest income as the repricing of assets would catch up with the increase in prices of our liabilities. In 4 or 5 years, the impact on net interest income would be significantly positive as asset yields are projected to rise considerably more than liability costs. A downward shock of 100 basis points would have little impact on net interest income, because rates paid are near zero, although they could be lowered somewhat, and asset yields are near our floor rates. The model provides only a benchmark as it requires certain assumptions such as: (1) interest rates will move in a parallel direction with no change in the yield curve; (2) the interest rate moves will be instantaneous and sustained; and (3) there will be no change in the product mix and the relative proportion of fixed and variable products as determined by customer demand or pricing policies by management. We have emphasized commercial and commercial real estate lending. Our sources of funds include commercial, municipal, and retail deposits, and Federal Home Loan Bank advances and brokered deposits. Changes in market interest rates have a significant impact on the repayment and prepayment of loans. Prepayment rates also vary due to a number of other factors, including the regional economy in the area where the loans were originated, seasonal factors, demographic changes, the assumability of the loans, related refinancing 67 Table of Contents opportunities and competition. We monitor interest rate sensitivity so that we can attempt to adjust our asset and liability mix in a timely manner and thereby mitigate any potential negative effects of changing rates. Extension risk, or lower prepayments causing loans to have longer average lives, is our primary exposure to higher interest rates. Faster prepayment of loans and re-investing the funds from prepayments in mortgage loans and securities at lower interest rates results in a lower net interest income and is our primary exposure to declining market interest rates. We look at two types of simulations impacted by changes in interest rates, which are (1) changes in net interest income over selected periods of time and (2) changes in the present value of assets and liabilities. Net Interest Income Analysis. We analyze our sensitivity to changes in interest rates through our net interest income simulation model, which is provided to us by an independent third party. Net interest income is the difference between the interest income we earn on our interest-earning assets, such as loans and securities, and the interest we pay on our interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. We estimate what our net interest income would be for a one-year period based on current interest rates. We then calculate what the net interest income would be for the same period under different interest rate assumptions. The following table shows the estimated impact on net interest income for the one-year period beginning March 31, 2014 resulting from potential changes in interest rates, expressed in basis points. These estimates require certain assumptions to be made, including loan and mortgage-related investment prepayment speeds, reinvestment rates, and deposit maturities and decay rates. These assumptions are inherently uncertain. As a result, no simulation model can precisely predict the impact of changes in interest rates on our net interest income. Although the net interest income table below provides an indication of our interest rate risk exposure at a particular point in time, such estimates are not intended to, and do not, provide a precise forecast of the effect of changes in market interest rates on our net interest income and will differ from actual results. Net Interest Income Year 1 Change Rate Shift (1) Year 1 Forecast from Level (Dollars in thousands) 400 $ 15,872 (9.1 )% 300 $ 16,229 (7.1 )% 200 $ 16,605 (4.9 )% 100 $ 17,006 (2.6 )% 0 $ 17,465 0.0 % -100 $ 17,362 (0.6 )% (1) Expressed in basis points. The table above indicates that at March 31, 2014, in the event of a 200 basis point increase in interest rates, we would experience a 4.9% decrease in net interest income. In the event of a 100 basis point decrease in interest rates, we would experience a 0.6% decrease in net interest income. Net Portfolio Value Analysis . We also compute the amounts by which the difference between the present value of assets and liabilities (net portfolio value or “NPV”) would change in the event of a range of assumed changes in market interest rates. Our simulation model, which is provided to us by an independent third party, uses a discounted cash flow analysis to measure the interest rate sensitivity of NPV. Depending on current market interest rates we historically have estimated the economic value of these assets and liabilities under the assumption that interest rates experience an instantaneous and sustained increase of 100, 200, 300 or 400 basis points, or a decrease of 100 basis points. Given the current relatively low level of market interest rates, a NPV calculation for an interest rate decrease of greater than 100 basis points is deemed impractical and has not been prepared. 68 Table of Contents The table below sets forth, as of March 31, 2014, our calculation of the estimated changes in Pathfinder Bank’s net portfolio value that would result from the designated instantaneous parallel shift in the interest rate yield curve. Net Portfolio Value Change in Interest Rates NPV as a % of Assets (Basis Points) Estimated NPV Amount of Change Percent NPV Ratio Change (1) (Dollars in thousands) 400 $ 47,746 $ (11,588 ) (19.5 )% 10.1 % (1.2 ) 300 50,847 (8,487 ) (14.3 )% 10.4 % (0.9 ) 200 54,003 (5,331 ) (9.0 )% 10.8 % (0.5 ) 100 57,032 (2,302 ) (3.9 )% 11.1 % (0.2 ) 0 59,334 - 0.0 % 11.3 % - -100 56,072 (3,262 ) (5.5 )% 10.5 % (0.8 ) (1) Expressed in basis points. The table above indicates that at March 31, 2014, in the event of a 200 basis point increase in interest rates, we would experience a 9.0% decrease in net portfolio value. In the event of a 100 basis point decrease in interest rates, we would experience a 5.5% decrease in net portfolio value. The effects of interest rates on net portfolio value and net interest income are not predictable. Computations of prospective effects of hypothetical interest rate changes are based on numerous assumptions, including relative levels of market interest rates, deposit run-off, and prepayments, and should not be relied upon as indicative of actual results. Certain shortcomings are inherent in these computations. Although some assets and liabilities may have similar maturity or periods of repricing, they may react at different times and in different degrees to changes in market interest rates. Rates on other types of assets and liabilities may lag behind changes in market interest rates. Assets, such as adjustable rate mortgages, generally have features that restrict changes in interest rates on a short-term basis and over the life of the asset. After a change in interest rates, prepayments and early withdrawal levels could deviate significantly from those assumed in making the calculations set forth above. Additionally, increased credit risk may result if our borrowers are unable to meet their repayment obligations as interest rates increase. Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity management involves our ability to generate cash or otherwise obtain funds at reasonable rates to support asset growth, meet deposit withdrawals, maintain reserve requirements, and otherwise operate on an ongoing basis. Our liquidity ratio averaged 2.6%, 2.7% and 2.0% for the three months ended March 31, 2014 and the years ended December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012. The liquidity ratio is equal to average daily cash and cash equivalents for the period divided by average total assets. Liquidity ratios need to be sufficient to provide for and meet future cash flow needs. We adjust our liquidity levels to fund loan commitments, repay our borrowings, fund deposit outflows and pay real estate taxes on mortgage loans. We also adjust liquidity as appropriate to meet asset and liability management objectives. Our primary sources of funds are deposits, borrowed funds, amortization and prepayment of loans and maturities of investment securities and other short-term investments, and earnings and funds provided from operations. While scheduled principal repayments on loans and mortgage-backed securities are a relatively predictable source of funds, deposit flows and loan prepayments are greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions and competition. We manage the pricing of deposits to maintain a desired deposit balance. In addition, we invest excess funds in short-term interest-earning and other assets, which provide liquidity to meet lending requirements. 69 Table of Contents Liquidity management is both a daily and long-term function of business management. Our liquidity has been enhanced by our ability to borrow from the FHLBNY, whose advance programs and lines of credit provide us with a safe, reliable, and convenient source of funds. At March 31, 2014, we had $31.0 million in advances outstanding from FHLBNY. Of the $31.0 million from the FHLBNY advances, $22.0 million is due within one year and $5.0 million is due between one and three years. A significant decrease in deposits in the future could result in having to seek other sources of funds for liquidity purposes. Such sources could include, but are not limited to, additional borrowings, brokered deposits, negotiated time deposits, the sale of "available-for-sale" investment securities, the sale of securitized loans, or the sale of whole loans. Such actions could result in higher interest expense costs and/or losses on the sale of securities or loans. A portion of our liquidity consists of cash and cash equivalents, which are a product of our operating, investing and financing activities. At March 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013 and 2012, $18.9 million, $16.6 million and $8.7 million, respectively, of our assets were invested in cash and cash equivalents. Our primary sources of cash increases in deposit accounts and short-term borrowings. Our cash flows are derived from operating activities, investing activities and financing activities as reported in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows included in our Consolidated Financial Statements. Net cash provided by operating activities was $970,000 and $496,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2014 and March 31, 2013, respectively. Net cash provided by operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012 was $5.1 million and $2.8 million, respectively. Net cash from investing activities, which consists primarily of disbursements for loan originations and the purchase of securities, offset by principal collections on loans, proceeds from the sales, calls, and maturities of securities, were $19.7 million and $23.3 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014 and March 31, 2013, respectively. During the three months ended March 31, 2014, we purchased $6.1 million and sold $122,000 in securities held as available-for sale, and during the three months ended March 31, 2013, we purchased $28.2 million and sold $1.9 million in securities held as available-for-sale. Net cash provided by investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012 was $21.4 million and $37.5 million. During the year ended December 31, 2013, we purchased $30.0 million and sold $7.2 million in securities held as available-for-sale, and during the year ended December 31, 2012, we purchased $50.1 million and sold $16.5 million in securities held as available-for-sale. Net cash provided from financing activities was $21.1 million and $27.4 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014 and March 31, 2013, respectively, resulting from new deposit account activity and FHLBNY advances. Net cash provided from financing activities was $24.2 million and $33.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, respectively. For additional information about cash flows from our operating, financing, and investing activities, see the consolidated statements of cash flows included in the consolidated financial statements beginning on page F-1. We have a number of existing credit facilities available to us. At March 31, 2014, the total credit available under the existing lines was approximately $151.0 million. At March 31, 2014, we had $31.0 million outstanding under existing credit facilities. The Asset Liability Management Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for establishing and monitoring the policies and guidelines for the maintenance of prudent levels of liquidity. As of March 31, 2014, management reported to the Committee that Pathfinder-Federal is in compliance with its liquidity policy guidelines. 70 Table of Contents Off-Balance Sheet Arraignments. In the normal course of operations, we engage in a variety of financial transactions that, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, are not recorded in our financial statements. These transactions involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit, interest rate and liquidity risk. Such transactions are used primarily to manage customers’ requests for funding and take the form of loan commitments and standby letters of credit. For the first quarter of 2014 and the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, we had $40.9 million, $41.0 million and $45.6 million in outstanding commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit, respectively. For information about our loan commitments and standby letters of credit, see Note 16 to the consolidated financial statements. Capital. Capital adequacy is evaluated primarily by the use of ratios which measure capital against total assets, as well as against total assets that are weighted based on defined risk characteristics. Our goal is to maintain a strong capital position, consistent with the risk profile of our subsidiary banks that supports growth and expansion activities while at the same time exceeding regulatory standards. At March 31, 2014, Pathfinder Bank exceeded all regulatory required minimum capital ratios and met the regulatory definition of a “well-capitalized” institution. Pathfinder Bank’s actual capital amounts and ratios as of the indicated dates are presented in the following table. Actual Minimum For Capital Adequacy Purposes Minimum To Be “Well- Capitalized” Under Prompt Corrective Provisions Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio (Dollars in thousands) As of March 31, 2014: Total Core Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) $ 48,582 13.83 % $ 28,100 8.00 % $ 35,125 10.00 % Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 44,011 12.53 14,050 4.00 21,075 6.00 Tier 1 Capital (to Assets) 44,011 8.73 20,165 4.00 25,207 5.00 As of December 31, 2013: Total Core Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 47,862 14.13 27,106 8.00 33,883 10.00 Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 43,454 12.82 13,553 4.00 20,330 6.00 Tier 1 Capital (to Assets) 43,454 8.72 19,928 4.00 24,910 5.00 As of December 31, 2012: Total Core Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 45,763 14.20 25,808 8.00 32,259 10.00 Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) 41,574 12.90 12,904 4.00 19,356 6.00 Tier 1 Capital (to Assets) 41,574 8.80 18,831 4.00 23,539 5.00 71 Table of Contents Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices The financial statements and accompanying notes of Pathfinder-Federal have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. GAAP generally requires the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars without consideration for changes in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. The impact of inflation is reflected in the increased cost of our operations. Unlike industrial companies, our assets and liabilities are primarily monetary in nature. As a result, changes in market interest rates have a greater impact on performance than the effects of inflation. 72 Table of Contents BUSINESS OF NEW PATHFINDER New Pathfinder New Pathfinder is a Maryland corporation that was organized in June 2014. Upon completion of the conversion, New Pathfinder will become the holding company of Pathfinder Bank and will succeed to all of the business and operations of Pathfinder-Federal. Pathfinder-Federal and Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC will cease to exist as a result of the conversion. In connection with the completion of the conversion, Pathfinder Bank will revoke its Section 10(l) election so that New Pathfinder will be a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, subject to supervision and regulation by the Federal Reserve Board. Initially following the completion of the conversion, New Pathfinder will have $1.3 million in cash and securities held by Pathfinder-Federal and Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC as of March 31, 2014, and the net proceeds it retains from the offering. A portion of the net proceeds from the offering will be used to make a loan to the Pathfinder Bank Employee Stock Ownership Plan. New Pathfinder will have no significant liabilities. New Pathfinder intends to use the support staff and offices of Pathfinder Bank and will pay Pathfinder Bank for these services. If New Pathfinder expands or changes its business in the future, it may hire its own employees. New Pathfinder intends to invest the net proceeds of the offering as discussed under “How We Intend to Use the Proceeds From the Offering.” In the future, we may pursue other business activities, including mergers and acquisitions, investment alternatives and diversification of operations. There are, however, no current understandings or agreements for these activities. BUSINESS OF PATHFINDER-FEDERAL AND PATHFINDER BANK Pathfinder-Federal Pathfinder-Federal is a federally chartered corporation that owns all of the outstanding shares of common stock of Pathfinder Bank. At March 31, 2014, Pathfinder-Federal had consolidated assets of $525.8 million, deposits of $438.4 million and shareholders' equity of $43.8 million. In 1995, Oswego City Savings Bank, predecessor to Pathfinder Bank, completed its mutual holding company reorganization and minority stock issuance, selling 881,666 shares of its common stock to the public and issuing an additional 1,035,000 shares of its common stock to Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, representing 54.0% of its then-outstanding shares. In 1997, Oswego City Savings Bank reorganized into the two-tier mutual holding company structure. At that time, Pathfinder-Federal’s predecessor became the stock holding company parent of Oswego City Savings Bank and each share of Oswego City Savings Bank was exchanged for one share of Pathfinder-Federal’s predecessor’s common stock. In 1998, Pathfinder-Federal’s predecessor declared a three for two stock split in the form of a dividend on the holding company’s outstanding common stock. In 1999, Oswego City Savings Bank changed its name to Pathfinder Bank and in 2001, Pathfinder-Federal became the savings and loan holding company of Pathfinder Bank whereby each share of Pathfinder-Federal’s predecessor was exchanged for one share of Pathfinder-Federal’s common stock. In 2011, in connection with Pathfinder-Federal’s redemption of its preferred stock and repurchase of a warrant held by the U.S. Treasury as part of TARP, Pathfinder-Federal sold preferred stock to the U.S. Treasury for $13.0 million in gross proceeds as part of the SBLF. See “Supervision and Regulation-SBLF Participation” for more information. Pathfinder-Federal's executive office is located at 214 West First Street, Oswego, New York and the telephone number at that address is (315) 343-0057. Its internet address is www.pathfinderbank.com. Information on our website is not and should not be considered to be a part of this prospectus. Pathfinder Bank Pathfinder Bank is a community bank that has served the banking needs of its customers since 1859. Pathfinder Bank conducts its community banking business from eight banking offices located in Oswego and Onondaga Counties, New York. Additionally, we intend to open a new business banking office in Syracuse, New 73 Table of Contents York in the third quarter of 2014. We are primarily engaged in the business of attracting deposits from the general public in our market area, and investing such deposits, together with other sources of funds, in loans secured by one- to four-family residential real estate, commercial real estate, commercial and municipal loans, and to a lesser extent, home equity and junior lien loans and consumer loans. Additionally, over the past several years, we have focused on growing our commercial real estate and commercial loan portfolios, and we intend to continue to grow these portfolios in the future. We invest a portion of our assets in securities issued by the United States Government and its agencies, government sponsored enterprises, state and municipal obligations, corporate debt securities, mutual funds, and equity securities. We also invest in mortgage-backed securities primarily issued or guaranteed by United States Government sponsored enterprises. Our principal sources of funds are deposits, principal and interest payments on loans and investments, as well as borrowings from the FHLBNY. Our principal source of income is from interest income received on loans and investment securities. Our principal expenses are interest paid on deposits and borrowings, employee compensation and benefits, data processing and facilities. In December 2013, we acquired a controlling interest in FitzGibbons Agency, LLC, a property and casualty and life and health insurance brokerage business, which is a new source of our non-interest income. We also operate a limited purpose commercial bank subsidiary, Pathfinder Commercial Bank, which serves the depository needs of municipalities and public entities in our market area. New York law requires municipal deposits to be held only by commercial banks. At March 31, 2014, Pathfinder Commercial Bank held $78.0 million in deposits. Pathfinder Bank is subject to extensive regulation by the NYDFS and by the FDIC. Pathfinder Bank is a member of the FHLBNY. Pathfinder Bank’s main office is located at 214 West First Street, Oswego, New York and the telephone number at that address is (315) 343-0057. Its internet address is www.pathfinderbank.com. Information on our website is not and should not be considered to be a part of this prospectus. Market Area We provide financial services to individuals, families, small to mid-size businesses and municipalities through our seven branch offices located in Oswego County and our one branch office in Onondaga County. We intend to open a business banking office in Syracuse, New York in the third quarter of 2014. Our primary market area is Oswego and Onondaga Counties. Our primary lending market area includes both Oswego and Onondaga Counties. However, our primary deposit generating area is concentrated in Oswego County and the areas surrounding our Onondaga County branch. According to SNL Financial, population in our Central New York market area has increased from 2010 to 2013, with moderate growth rates of 0.37% and 0.40% for Oswego County and Onondaga County, respectively. Oswego County’s median household income for the 2013 year was $47,429, which was below the national level of $51,314, while Onondaga County’s median household income for 2013 was slightly above the national level at $51,316. By 2018, the projected increases in median household income are expected to be 11.4% in Oswego County and 13.3% in Onondaga County, increasing less than both state and national projected levels. As of March 2014, the unemployment rates for Oswego and Onondaga Counties were 9.1% and 6.4%, respectively, compared to the national rate of 6.7% and the New York State rate of 7.3%. The economy in Oswego County is based primarily on manufacturing, energy, production, heath care, education, and government. The broader Central New York market is home to a more diverse array of economic sectors, including, food processing production and transportation, in addition to financial services. The region has developed particular strength in emerging industries such as bio-processing, medical devices and renewable energy. Median home prices are consistent with the population growth and unemployment figures above, with the 2012 United States census report indicating that median home values were $131,700 in Onondaga County and $92,500 in Oswego County. In the combined Syracuse metro area, which includes Onondaga and Oswego Counties, median home values as of March 2014 were $115,000. The median home values in Onondaga County and Oswego County for 2012 are nearly the same as the values as reported for 2008. While home values have stagnated since 74 Table of Contents 2008, the Syracuse metro area, including Onondaga and Oswego Counties, did not experience the significant loss of value during the economic recession as was experienced in many other areas of the country. Foreclosure rates are also consistent with the population growth and unemployment figures above. Pursuant to RealtyTRAC.com as of April 2014, one home in every 7,235 homes in Onondaga County is in foreclosure, while one home in every 6,704 homes in Oswego County is in foreclosure. These numbers compare favorably both to the State of New York, which is one home in every 2,201 homes, and the country as a whole, which is one home in every 1,121 homes as of the same date. Competition Pathfinder Bank encounters strong competition both in attracting deposits and in originating real estate and other loans. Our most direct competition for deposits and loans comes from commercial banks, savings institutions and credit unions in our market area. We compete for deposits by offering depositors a high level of personal service, a wide range of competitively priced financial services, and a well distributed network of branches, ATMs, and electronic banking. We compete for loans through our competitive pricing, our experienced and active loan officers, local knowledge of our market and local decision making, strong community support and involvement and a highly reputable brand. As the economy has improved, and loan demand has increased, competition from financial institutions for commercial and residential loans has increased. Additionally, some of our competitors offer products and services that we do not offer, such as trust services and private banking. Our primary focus is to build and develop profitable consumer and commercial customer relationships while maintaining our role as a community bank. As of June 30, 2013, based on FDIC data, , we had the largest market share in Oswego County, representing 31.2% of all deposits and 0.46% of all deposits in Onondaga County. In addition, when combining both Oswego and Onondaga Counties, we have the ninth largest market share of sixteen institutions, representing 4.08% of the total market. Lending Activities Historically, our primary lending activity is originating one- to four-family residential real estate loans, the majority of which have fixed rates of interest. Our loan portfolio also includes commercial real estate loans, commercial and municipal loans, home equity and junior liens and consumer loans. At March 31, 2014, our total loans were $347.9 million, of which $168.4 million, or 48.4%, were secured by one- to four-family residential real estate, $102.6 million, or 29.5%, were secured by commercial real estate, $51.6 million, or 14.8%, were commercial and municipal loans, $21.4 million, or 6.2%, were home equity and junior liens and $4.0 million, or 1.1%, were consumer loans. At March 31, 2014, 54.6% of our loans were secured by first and second mortgages on residential real estate. Historically, we have retained in our portfolio most of the loans that we have originated and in the current and prolonged low interest rate environment, a significant portion of our loan portfolio consists of fixed-rate one- to four-family residential real estate loans with terms in excess of 15 years. In order to diversify our loan portfolio, increase our income sources and make our loan portfolio less interest rate sensitive, in recent years, we have sought to significantly increase our commercial real estate and commercial business lending, consistent with safe and sound underwriting practices. Accordingly, we offer adjustable-rate commercial mortgage loans, short-and medium-term mortgage loans, and floating rate commercial loans. In addition, we offer shorter-term consumer loans, home equity loans and lines of credit with adjustable interest rates and municipal loans with fixed interest rates. 75 Table of Contents Loan Portfolio Composition. The following table sets forth the composition of our loan portfolio in dollar amounts and as a percentage of the total portfolio at the dates indicated. There were no loans classified as loans held for sale at the dates indicated. At March 31, At December 31, 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 Amount Percent Amount Percent Amount Percent Amount Percent Amount Percent Amount Percent (Dollars in thousands) Real estate loans: Residential $ 168,353 48.4 % $ 168,280 49.3 % $ 176,610 53.0 % $ 162,319 53.4 % $ 147,230 51.7 % $ 134,328 51.3 % Commercial 102,559 29.5 95,536 28.0 82,329 24.7 73,420 24.1 69,042 24.3 62,229 23.8 Total real estate loans 270,912 77.9 263,816 77.3 258,939 77.7 235,739 77.5 216,272 76.0 196,557 75.1 Other Loans: Commercial and municipal loans 51,613 14.8 52,241 15.3 48,813 14.7 40,111 13.2 39,727 14.0 35,447 13.5 Home equity and junior liens 21,387 6.2 21,110 6.2 22,073 6.6 24,171 7.9 25,168 8.8 26,086 10.0 Consumer loans 3,965 1.1 4,166 1.2 3,469 1.0 4,140 1.4 3,411 1.2 3,580 1.4 Total loans 347,877 100.0 % 341,333 100.0 % 333,294 100.0 % 304,161 100.0 % 284,578 100.0 % 261,670 100.0 % Less: Allowance for loan losses (4,999 ) (5,041 ) (4,501 ) (3,980 ) (3,648 ) (3,078 ) Deferred loan (fees) costs 265 300 454 589 718 795 Total loans receivable, net $ 343,143 $ 336,592 $ 329,247 $ 300,770 $ 281,648 $ 259,387 76 Table of Contents Loan Portfolio Maturities and Yields. The following table sets forth certain information regarding the dollar amounts maturing and the interest rate sensitivity of our loan portfolio at December 31, 2013. Mortgages which have adjustable or renegotiable interest rates are shown as maturing in the period during which the contract is due. Demand loans, loans having no stated repayment schedule or maturity, and overdraft loans are reported as being due in one year or less. The schedule does not reflect the effects of possible prepayments or enforcement of due-on-sale clauses. Residential Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Commercial and Municipal Home Equity and Junior Lien Consumer Total Amount Weighted Average Rate Amount Weighted Average Rate Amount Weighted Average Rate Amount Weighted Average Rate Amount Weighted Average Rate Amount Weighted Average Rate (Dollars in thousands) 1 year of less $ 58 5.86 % $ 1,549 5.55 % $ 24,125 4.44 % $ 45 8.28 % $ 514 9.70 % $ 26,291 4.61 % Greater than 1 to 3 years 842 6.60 1,099 5.93 5,196 5.25 191 7.25 671 9.37 7,999 5.88 Greater than 3 to 5 years 5,814 5.45 3,806 5.25 9,792 5.19 1,107 8.21 1,892 8.92 22,411 5.37 Greater than 5 to 10 years 18,624 4.11 13,486 5.15 9,479 5.08 3,880 7.07 396 6.69 45,865 4.31 Greater than 10 to 20 years 49,737 4.28 66,843 5.08 1,512 5.61 5,835 4.90 616 5.93 124,543 4.62 More than 20 years 93,418 4.69 8,727 4.70 2,137 3.87 10,165 4.44 77 4.75 114,524 4.24 Total $ 168,493 4.54 % $ 95,510 5.08 % $ 52,241 4.79 % $ 21,223 5.28 % $ 4,166 8.35 % $ 341,633 4.52 % Fixed and Adjustable-Rate Loan Schedule. The following tables set forth at December 31, 2013, the dollar amount of all fixed-rate and adjustable-rate loans due after December 31, 2014. At December 31, 2013 and Due After December 31, 2014 Fixed Adjustable Total (In thousands) Real estate loans: Residential $ 140,531 $ 27,905 $ 168,436 Commercial 5,914 88,048 93,962 Total real estate loans 146,445 115,953 262,398 Other Loans: Commercial and municipal 8,329 19,787 28,116 Home equity and junior lien 7,253 13,925 21,178 Consumer 3,652 ─ 3,652 Total loans $ 165,679 $ 149,665 $ 315,344 77 Table of Contents One- to Four-Family Residential Real Estate Loans. Historically, our primary lending consisted of originating one- to four-family, owner-occupied residential mortgage loans, substantially all of which were secured by properties located in our market area. Over the past several years, we have begun to shift our lending focus towards originating commercial real estate and commercial loans. One- to four-family residential real estate mortgage loans totaled $168.4 million, or 48.4% of total loans at March 31, 2014. The average loan balance of our one- to four-family residential real estate loans at March 31, 2014 was $80,000 and our largest outstanding balance at that date was $971,000, which was secured by residential property located in Parish, New York and was performing in accordance with its terms. We currently offer one- to four-family residential real estate loans with terms up to 30 years that are generally underwritten according to Federal National Mortgage Corporation (“Fannie Mae”) guidelines, and we refer to loans that conform to such guidelines as “conforming loans.” We generally originate both fixed- and adjustable-rate mortgage loans in amounts up to the maximum conforming loan limits as established by the Federal Housing Finance Agency, which as of March 31, 2014 was generally $417,000 for single-family homes in our market area. At March 31, 2014, 77.5% of our one- to four-family residential real estate loans were fixed-rate loans, and 22.5% of such loans were adjustable-rate loans. We generally hold our one- to four-family residential real estate loans in our portfolio. We also originate one- to four-family residential real estate loans secured by non-owner occupied properties. However, we generally do not make loans in excess of 80% loan to value on non-owner occupied properties. Our fixed-rate one- to four-family residential real estate loans include loans that generally amortize on a monthly basis over periods between 10 to 30 years. Fixed rate one- to four-family residential real estate loans often remain outstanding for significantly shorter periods than their contractual terms because borrowers have the right to refinance or prepay their loans. Our adjustable-rate one- to four-family residential real estate loans generally consist of loans with initial interest rates fixed for one, three, or five years, and annual adjustments thereafter are indexed based on changes in the one-year United States Treasury bill constant maturity rate. Our adjustable-rate mortgage loans generally have an interest rate adjustment limit of 200 basis points per adjustment, with a maximum lifetime interest rate adjustment limit of 600 basis points. In the current low interest rate environment, we have not originated a significant dollar amount of adjustable-rate mortgage loans. Although adjustable-rate one- to four-family residential real estate loans may reduce, to an extent, our vulnerability to changes in market interest rates because they periodically re-price, as interest rates increase, the required payments due from the borrower also increase (subject to rate caps), increasing the potential for default by the borrower. At the same time, the ability of the borrower to repay the loan and the marketability of the underlying collateral may be adversely affected by higher interest rates. Upward adjustments of the contractual interest rate are also limited by our maximum periodic and lifetime rate adjustments. Regulations limit the amount we may lend relative to the appraised value of the real estate securing the loan, as determined by an appraisal of the property at the time the loan is originated. For borrowers who do not obtain private mortgage insurance (“PMI”), our lending policies limit the maximum loan-to-value ratio on both fixed-rate and adjustable-rate mortgage loans to 80% of the appraised value of the collateralized property, with the exception for a limited use product which allows for loans up to 90% with no PMI. For most one- to four-family residential real estate loans with loan-to-value ratios of between 80% and 95%, we require the borrower to obtain private mortgage insurance. For first mortgage loan products, we require the borrower to obtain title insurance . We also require homeowners’ insurance, fire and casualty, and, if necessary, flood insurance on properties securing real estate loans. We do not, and have never offered or invested in, one- to four-family residential real estate loans specifically designed for borrowers with sub-prime credit scores, including interest-only, negative amortization or payment option adjustable-rate mortgage loans. Our one- to four-family residential real estate loan portfolio also includes residential constructions loans. At March 31, 2014, we had $1.2 million, or 0.4% of our total loan portfolio, comprised of residential construction loans. Our residential construction loans generally have initial terms of up to six months, subject to extension, during which the borrower pays interest only. Upon completion of construction, these loans convert to permanent 78 Table of Contents loans. Our construction loans generally have rates and terms comparable to residential real estate loans that we originate. Commercial Real Estate Loans. Over the past several years, we have focused on originating commercial real estate loans, and we believe that commercial real estate loans will continue to provide growth opportunities for us, and we expect to increase, subject to our underwriting standards and market conditions, this business line in the future with a target loan size of $100,000 to $1.5 million to small businesses and real estate projects in our market area. Commercial real estate loans totaled $102.6 million at March 31, 2014, or 29.5% of total loans, and are made up of loans secured by properties such as multi-family residential, office, retail, warehouse and owner-occupied commercial properties. Non-owner occupied commercial real estate and multi-family loans totaled $77.5 million and $21.8 million, respectively, or 75.0% and 21.1% of total commercial real estate loans, respectively, at March 31, 2014. The average commercial real estate loan in our portfolio at March 31, 2014 was $307,000. Our largest outstanding commercial real estate loan balance at March 31, 2014 was $4.5 million, which is secured by a hotel and resort property in Altmar, New York and performing in accordance with its terms. Commercial real estate loans are generally secured by property located in our primary market area. Our commercial real estate underwriting policies provide that such real estate loans may be made in amounts of up to 80% of the appraised value of the property. Commercial real estate loans are offered with interest rates that are fixed for up to three or five years then are adjustable based on the FHLBNY advance rate. Contractual maturities generally do not exceed 20 years. In reaching a decision whether to make a commercial real estate loan, we consider gross revenues, operating trends, net cash flows of the property, the borrower’s expertise and credit history, and the appraised value of the underlying property. We will also consider the terms and conditions of the leases and the credit quality of the tenants. We generally require that the properties securing these real estate loans have debt service coverage ratios (the ratio of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization divided by interest expense and current maturities of long term debt) of at least 120%. Environmental due diligence is generally conducted for commercial real estate loans. Typically, commercial real estate loans made to corporations, partnerships and other business entities require personal guarantees by the principals and by the owners of 20% or more of the borrower. A commercial real estate borrower’s financial information is monitored on an ongoing basis by requiring periodic financial statement updates, payment history reviews, property inspections and periodic face-to-face meetings with the borrower. We generally require borrowers with aggregate outstanding balances exceeding $100,000 to provide annual updated financial statements and federal tax returns. These requirements also apply to all guarantors on these loans. We also require borrowers to provide an annual report of income and expenses for the property, including a rent-roll, as applicable. Loans secured by commercial real estate generally entail greater credit risk than one- to four-family residential real estate loans. This increased credit risk is a result of several factors, including larger loan balances concentrated with limited number of borrowers, the impact of local and general economic conditions on the borrower’s ability to repay the loan and the increased difficulty of evaluating and monitoring these types of loans. Furthermore, the repayment of loans secured by commercial real estate properties typically depends upon the successful operation of the real property securing the loan. If the cash flow from the property is reduced, the borrower’s ability to repay the loan may be impaired. However, commercial real estate loans generally have higher interest rates than loans secured by one- to four-family residential real estate. Commercial and Municipal Loans. Commercial and municipal loans totaled $51.6 million at March 31, 2014, or 14.8% of total loans. Commercial loans are typically secured by equipment, furniture and fixtures, inventory, accounts receivable or other business assets, or, in limited circumstances, may be unsecured. Municipal loans are typically unsecured. Our commercial and municipal loans are generally comprised of commercial and industrial loans, commercial lines of credit and loans to local municipalities. From time to time, we also originate commercial loans through SBA and USDA guaranteed loan programs. At March 31, 2014, we had $11.7 million of such loans. At March 31, 2014, the average loan balance of commercial and municipal loans was $108,000. Our largest outstanding commercial and municipal loan balance at March 31, 2014 was $2.0 million, which was a line of credit secured by commercial real estate. This loan was performing in accordance with its original terms at March 31, 2014. Over the past several years, we have focused on increasing our commercial loans. Our business strategy 79 Table of Contents is to continue to increase the originations of our commercial loans, subject to our underwriting standards and market conditions, to small businesses in our market area. Our commercial term loans totaled $33.9 million at March 31, 2014, or 65.8% of total commercial and municipal loans. At March 31, 2014, the average loan balance of commercial and industrial loans was $97,000. Our largest outstanding commercial loan balance at March 31, 2014 was $1.7 million, which is secured by business assets and performing in accordance with its terms. Our commercial and industrial maximum loan to value limit is 80%. Our commercial loans are generally comprised of adjustable interest rate loans, indexed to the prime rate, with terms consisting of three to seven years, depending on the needs of the borrower and the useful life of the underlying collateral. We make commercial loans to businesses operating in our market area for purchasing equipment, property improvements, business expansion or working capital. If a commercial loan is secured by equipment, the maturity of a term loan will depend on the useful life of the equipment purchased, the source of repayment for the loan and the purpose of the loan. We generally obtain personal guarantees with our commercial loans. Our commercial lines of credit totaled $14.9 million at March 31, 2014, or 28.8% of total commercial and municipal loans. At March 31, 2014, the average line of credit balance was $95,000, and our largest outstanding balance at that date was $2.0 million, which is secured by commercial property located in Syracuse, New York and performing in accordance with its terms. Typically, our commercial lines of credit are adjustable rate lines, indexed to the prime interest rate. Generally, our commercial lines of credit are secured by business assets or other collateral, and generally payable on-demand pursuant to an annual review. Since the commercial lines of credit may expire without being drawn upon, the total committed amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. We typically originate commercial loans, including commercial term loans and commercial lines of credit, on the basis of the borrower’s ability to make repayment from the cash flow of the borrower’s business, conversion of current assets in the normal course of business (for seasonal working capital lines), the experience and stability of the borrower’s management team, earnings projections and the underlying assumptions, and the value and marketability of any collateral securing the loan. As a result, the availability of funds for the repayment of commercial loans and commercial lines of credit may be substantially dependent on the success of the business itself and the general economic environment in our market area. Therefore, commercial loans and commercial lines of credit that we originate have greater credit risk than one- to four-family residential real estate loans or, generally, consumer loans. Our municipal loans totaled $2.8 million at March 31, 2014, or 5.4% of total commercial and municipal loans. At March 31, 2014, the average loan balance of municipal loans was $155,000. Our largest outstanding municipal loan balance at March 31, 2014 was $802,000, which is unsecured and performing in accordance with its terms. We make municipal loans to local government and municipalities for the purposes of either tax anticipation or for small spending projects, including equipment acquisitions and construction projects. Our municipal loans are generally fixed, for a term of one year or less and are generally unsecured. Interest earned on municipal loans is tax exempt for federal tax purposes, which enhances the overall yield on each loan. Generally, the municipality will have a deposit relationship along with the lending relationship. Home Equity Loans and Junior Liens. Home equity loans and junior liens totaled $21.4 million at March 31, 2014, or 6.2% of total loans, and are made up of lines of credit secured by owner-occupied and non-owner occupied one- to four-family residences and second and third real estate mortgage loans. The average outstanding home equity loan and junior lien balance at March 31, 2014 was $18,000 and our largest outstanding home equity loan and junior lien balance at that date was $382,000, which was secured by residential property located in Fulton, New York and performing in accordance with its terms. Home equity loans and home equity lines of credit are generally underwritten using the same criteria that we use to underwrite one- to four-family residential mortgage loans. We typically originate home equity loans and home equity lines of credit on the basis of the applicant's credit history, an assessment of the applicant's ability to meet existing obligations and payments on the proposed loan and the value of the collateral securing the loan. Home equity loans are offered with fixed interest rates. Lines of credit are offered with adjustable rates, which are indexed to the prime rate, and with a draw period up to 10 years, with a payback period up to 20 years. The loan-to-value ratio for our home equity loans is generally limited to 80% when combined with the first security lien, if 80 Table of Contents applicable. The loan to value of our home equity lines of credit are generally limited to 80%, unless Pathfinder Bank holds the first mortgage. If we hold the first mortgage, we will permit a loan to value of up to 90% and adjust the interest rate and underwriting standards to compensate for the additional risk. For all first lien position mortgage loans, we utilize outside independent appraisers. For second position mortgage loans where we also hold the existing first mortgage, we will use the lesser of the existing appraisal used in underwriting the first mortgage or assessed value. For all other second mortgage loans, we will use a third-party service which gathers all data from real property tax offices and gives the property a low, middle and high value, together with similar properties for comparison. The middle value from the third-party service will be the value used in underwriting. If the valuation method for the loan amount requested does not provide a value, or the value is not sufficient to support the loan request and it is determined that the borrower(s) are credit worthy, a full appraisal will be ordered. Home equity loans and junior liens secured by junior mortgages have greater risk than one- to four-family residential mortgage loans secured by first mortgages. We face the risk that the collateral will be insufficient to compensate us for loan losses and costs of foreclosure, after repayment of the senior mortgages, if applicable. When customers default on their loans, we attempt to work out the relationship in order to avoid foreclosure because the value of the collateral may not be sufficient to compensate us for the amount of the unpaid loan and we may be unsuccessful in recovering the remaining balance from those customers. Moreover, decreases in real estate values could adversely affect our ability to fully recover the loan balance in the event of a default. Consumer Loans. We are authorized to make loans for a variety of personal and consumer purposes. As of March 31, 2014, consumer loans totaled $4.0 million, or 1.1% of total loans, and consisted primarily of automobile, recreational vehicles and unsecured personal loans, as well as unsecured lines of credit and loans secured by deposit accounts. As of March 31, 2014, $1.9 million of our consumer loans were unsecured. The average outstanding consumer loan balance at March 31, 2014 was $9,000 and our largest outstanding consumer loan balance at that date was $153,000, which is secured by a recreational vehicle and performing in accordance with its terms. Our procedure for underwriting consumer loans includes an assessment of the applicant’s credit history and ability to meet existing obligations and payments of the proposed loan, as well as an evaluation of the value of the collateral security, if any. Consumer loans generally entail greater risk than one- to four-family residential mortgage loans, particularly in the case of loans that are unsecured or are secured by assets that tend to depreciate in value, such as automobiles. As a result, consumer loan collections are primarily dependent on the borrower’s continuing financial stability and thus are more likely to be adversely affected by job loss, divorce, illness or personal bankruptcy. In these cases, repossessed collateral for a defaulted consumer loan may not provide an adequate source of repayment for the outstanding loan, and the remaining value often does not warrant further substantial collection efforts against the borrower. Loan Originations, Purchases, Sales and Servicing . We benefit from a number of sources for our loan originations, including real estate broker referrals, existing customers, borrowers, builders, attorneys, and “walk-in” customers. Our loan origination activity may be affected adversely by a rising interest rate environment which may result in decreased loan demand. Other factors, such as the overall health of the local economy and competition from other financial institutions, can also impact our loan originations. Although we originate both fixed-rate and adjustable-rate loans, our ability to generate each type of loan depends upon borrower demand, market interest rates, borrower preference for fixed- versus adjustable-rate loans, and the interest rates offered on each type of loan by other lenders in our market area. These lenders include commercial banks, savings institutions, credit unions, and mortgage banking companies that also actively compete for local real estate loans. Accordingly, the volume of loan originations may vary from period to period. The majority of the fixed rate residential loans that are originated each year meet the underwriting guidelines established by Fannie Mae. While infrequent, in the past, we have sold residential mortgage loans into the secondary market, and we may do so in the future, although we continue to service them once they are sold. We did not sell any one- to four-family residential real estate loans during the three months ended March 31, 2014. For the year ended December 31, 2013, we made a bulk sale of $8.8 million in residential mortgage loans into the secondary market in order to manage our interest rate risk. 81 Table of Contents From time to time, although infrequent, we may purchase loan participations in which we are not the lead lender. In these circumstances, we follow our customary loan underwriting and approval policies. At March 31, 2014, we had $3.3 million in loan participations in which we were not the lead lender. All loan participations in which we were not the lead lender are performing in accordance with their terms at March 31, 2014. We also have participated out portions of loans that exceeded our loans-to-one borrower legal lending limit and for risk diversification. We do not purchase whole loans. Loan Approval Procedures and Authority. Pathfinder Bank’s lending activities follow written, non-discriminatory underwriting standards and loan origination procedures established by management and the board of directors. Our policies are designed to provide loan officers with guidelines on acceptable levels of risk, given a broad range of factors. The loan approval process is intended to assess the borrower’s ability to repay the loan, the viability of the loan and the adequacy of the value of the property that will secure the loan, if applicable. The board of directors grants loan officers individual lending authority to approve extensions of credit. The level of authority for loan officers varies based upon the loan type, total relationship, form of collateral and risk rating of the borrower. Each loan officer is charged with the responsibility of achieving high credit standards. Individual lending authority can be increased, suspended or removed by the board of directors, as recommended by the President or Senior Vice President and Chief Credit Officer. If a loan is in excess of any individual loan officer’s lending authority, the extension of credit must be referred to the Officer Loan Committee, which currently consists of the President (serving as chairman), the Senior Vice President and Chief Credit Officer, and the Senior Vice President and General Counsel. The President may also appoint additional members to the Officer Loan Committee, including members of the management team and Pathfinder Bank’s retail and commercial lenders. The Officer Loan Committee has authority to approve an extension of total credit up to $1.0 million for one- to four-residential real estate loans, $1.0 million for commercial real estate loans, $1.0 million for commercial loans, $1.0 million for unrated municipal loans, $2.0 million for rated municipal loans, $1.5 million for home equity and junior liens and $1.5 million for consumer loans. The Executive Loan Committee, which consists of all members of Pathfinder Bank’s board of directors, must approve all extensions of credit in excess of the limits described above for the Officer Loan Committee. Loans to One Borrower . Under New York law, New York savings banks are subject to loans-to-one borrower limits, which are substantially similar as those applicable to national banks, which restrict loans to one borrower to an amount equal to 15% of unimpaired capital and unimpaired surplus on an unsecured basis, and an additional amount equal to 10% of unimpaired capital and unimpaired surplus if the loan is secured by readily marketable collateral (generally, financial instruments and bullion, but not real estate), subject to exceptions. At March 31, 2014, our legal lending limit was $7.4 million. At March 31, 2014, our largest lending relationship to one borrower totaled $6.1 million, which is secured by residential real estate, a recreational vehicle, automobiles, a hotel and resort property, business assets and investment real estate, and complied with our legal lending limit at the time of origination. This lending relationship was performing in accordance with its terms at March 31, 2014. Our second largest lending relationship at March 31, 2014 was $5.5 million and is secured by business assets, a multi-family residential property, and non-owner occupied commercial real estate. This lending relationship was performing in accordance with its terms at March 31, 2014. Additionally, our internal loan policies limit the total related credit to be extended to any one borrower (after application of the rules of attribution), with respect to any and all loans with Pathfinder Bank to $4.5 million, subject to certain exceptions. At March 31, 2014, only three relationships exceeded this internal policy limit.. Delinquencies, Non-Performing Assets and Classified Assets Loan Delinquencies and Collection Procedures. When a loan becomes delinquent, we make attempts to contact the borrower to determine the cause of the delayed payments and seek a reasonable solution to permit the loan to be brought current within a reasonable period of time. The outcome can vary with each individual borrower. In the case of mortgage loans and consumer loans, a late notice is sent 15 days after an account becomes delinquent. If delinquency persists, notices are sent at the 30 day delinquency mark, the 45 day delinquency mark and the 60 day delinquency mark. After 15 days, we attempt to establish telephone contact with the borrower. In the case of mortgage loans, included in every late notice is a letter that includes information regarding home-ownership 82 Table of Contents counseling. As part of a workout agreement, we will accept partial payments during the month in order to bring the account current. If attempts to reach an agreement are unsuccessful and the customer is unable to comply with the terms of the workout agreement, we will review the account to determine if foreclosure is warranted, in which case, consistent with New York law, we send a 90 day notice of foreclosure and then a 30 day notice before legal proceedings are commenced. A consumer final demand letter is sent in the case of a consumer loan. In the case of commercial loans and commercial mortgage loans, we follow a similar notification practice with the exception of the previously mentioned information on home-ownership counseling. In addition, commercial loans do not require 90 day notices of foreclosure. Generally, commercial borrowers only receive 10 day notices before legal proceedings can be commenced. Commercial loans may experience longer workout times which may trigger a need for a loan modification that could meet the requirements of a troubled debt restructured loan. Delinquent Loans. The following table sets forth our loan delinquencies, including non-accrual loans, by type, amount and percentage at the dates indicated. Loans Delinquent For: 60—89 Days 90 Days or Greater Total Delinquent Loans Number Amount Percent of Loan Category Number Amount Percent of Loan Category Number Amount Percent of Loan Category (Dollars in thousands) At March 31, 2014 Residential real estate 17 $ 1,032 0.62 % 26 $ 1,873 1.12 % 43 $ 2,905 1.74 % Commercial real estate 3 269 0.26 13 3,817 3.72 16 4,086 3.98 Commercial and municipal 4 1,106 2.14 12 991 1.92 16 2,097 4.06 Home equity and junior lien 1 14 0.07 11 290 1.36 12 304 1.43 Consumer 2 34 0.86 2 12 0.30 4 46 1.16 Total loans 27 $ 2,455 0.71 % 64 $ 6,983 2.01 % 91 $ 9,438 2.71 % Loans Delinquent For: 60—89 Days 90 Days or Greater Total Delinquent Loans Number Amount Percent of Loan Category Number Amount Percent of Loan Category Number Amount Percent of Loan Category (Dollars in thousands) At December 31, 2013 Residential real estate 23 $ 1,472 0.89 % 32 $ 2,194 1.32 % 55 $ 3,666 2.20 % Commercial real estate 7 1,901 1.99 8 1,934 2.02 15 3,835 4.01 Commercial and municipal 12 1,402 2.68 9 775 1.48 21 2,177 4.17 Home equity and junior lien 11 281 1.33 17 402 1.90 28 683 3.24 Consumer 10 51 1.22 4 45 1.08 14 96 2.30 Total loans 63 $ 5,107 1.50 % 70 $ 5,350 1.57 % 133 $ 10,457 3.06 % Loans Delinquent For: 60—89 Days 90 Days or Greater Total Delinquent Loans Number Amount Percent of Loan Category Number Amount Percent of Loan Category Number Amount Percent of Loan Category (Dollars in thousands) At December 31, 2012 Residential real estate 14 $ 1,161 0.67 % 29 $ 2,046 1.18 % 43 $ 3,207 1.84 % Commercial real estate 3 1,833 2.23 9 1,794 2.18 12 3,627 4.41 Commercial and municipal 5 238 0.49 17 932 1.91 22 1,170 2.40 Home equity and junior lien 9 405 1.83 16 730 3.31 25 1,135 5.14 Consumer 3 42 1.21 4 46 1.33 7 88 2.54 Total loans 34 $ 3,679 1.10 % 75 $ 5,548 1.66 % 109 $ 9,227 2.77 % 83 Table of Contents Loans Delinquent For: 60—89 Days 90 Days or Greater Total Delinquent Loans Number Amount Percent of Loan Category Number Amount Percent of Loan Category Number Amount Percent of Loan Category (Dollars in thousands) At December 31, 2011 Residential real estate 13 $ 934 0.59 % 24 $ 1,428 0.90 % 37 $ 2,362 1.49 % Commercial real estate 1 4 0.01 7 1,623 2.21 8 1,627 2.22 Commercial and municipal 5 467 1.16 12 971 2.42 17 1,438 3.59 Home equity and junior lien 5 182 0.75 13 550 2.28 18 732 3.03 Consumer 2 2 0.05 4 156 3.77 6 158 3.82 Total loans 26 $ 1,589 0.52 % 60 $ 4,728 1.55 % 86 $ 6,317 2.08 % Loans Delinquent For: 60—89 Days 90 Days or Greater Total Delinquent Loans Number Amount Percent of Loan Category Number Amount Percent of Loan Category Number Amount Percent of Loan Category (Dollars in thousands) At December 31, 2010 Residential real estate 15 $ 1,078 0.75 % 20 $ 1,335 0.93 % 35 $ 2,413 1.68 % Commercial real estate 3 908 1.32 11 3,680 5.33 14 4,588 6.65 Commercial and municipal 2 301 0.76 8 544 1.37 10 845 2.13 Home equity and junior lien 10 371 1.47 8 303 1.20 18 674 2.68 Consumer 4 7 0.21 8 62 1.82 12 69 2.02 Total loans 34 $ 2,665 0.94 % 55 $ 5,924 2.08 % 89 $ 8,589 3.02 % Loans Delinquent For: 60—89 Days 90 Days or Greater Total Delinquent Loans Number Amount Percent of Loan Category Number Amount Percent of Loan Category Number Amount Percent of Loan Category (Dollars in thousands) At December 31, 2009 Residential real estate 9 $ 297 0.23 % 14 $ 1,181 0.90 % 23 $ 1,478 1.12 % Commercial real estate ─ ─ 0.00 8 877 1.41 8 877 1.41 Commercial and municipal 1 175 0.49 5 144 0.41 6 319 0.90 Home equity and junior lien 4 73 0.28 6 111 0.43 10 184 0.71 Consumer 5 49 1.37 ─ ─ 0.00 5 49 1.37 Total loans 19 $ 594 0.23 % 33 $ 2,313 0.88 % 52 $ 2,907 1.11 % 84 Table of Contents Non-Performing Assets. The following table sets forth the amounts and categories of our non-performing assets at the dates indicated. March 31, At December 31, 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 (Dollars in thousands) Non-accrual loans: Residential real estate $ 1,873 $ 2,194 $ 2,046 $ 1,428 $ 1,182 $ 1,181 Commercial real estate 3,491 1,934 1,274 689 2,598 877 Commercial and municipal 797 690 817 849 480 144 Home equity and junior lien 251 402 424 550 303 111 Consumer 12 45 46 156 62 ─ Total non-accrual loans 6,424 5,265 4,607 3,672 4,625 2,313 Non-accruing troubled debt restructured loans: Residential real estate ─ ─ ─ ─ 153 ─ Commercial real estate 326 ─ 520 934 1,082 ─ Commercial and municipal 194 85 115 122 64 ─ Home equity and junior lien 39 ─ 306 ─ ─ ─ Consumer ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ Total non-accruing troubled debt restructured loans 559 85 941 1,056 1,299 ─ Total non-performing loans 6,983 5,350 5,548 4,728 5,924 2,313 Foreclosed assets: Foreclosed residential mortgage loans 415 341 241 244 106 181 Foreclosed commercial real estate 284 278 185 292 269 ─ Foreclosed other assets ─ ─ 235 258 ─ ─ Total other real estate owned 699 619 661 794 375 181 Total non-performing assets $ 7,682 $ 5,969 $ 6,209 $ 5,522 $ 6,299 $ 2,494 Accruing troubled debt restructured loans: Residential real estate $ 400 $ 402 $ 145 $ 149 $ ─ $ ─ Commercial real estate 1,231 1,570 1,262 446 437 1,549 Commercial and municipal 30 140 490 ─ 297 351 Home equity and junior lien 306 347 40 ─ 107 ─ Consumer ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ Total accruing troubled debt restructured loans $ 1,967 $ 2,459 $ 1,937 $ 595 $ 841 $ 1,900 Ratios: Non-performing loans to total loans 2.01 % 1.57 % 1.66 % 1.55 % 2.08 % 0.88 % Non-performing assets to total assets 1.46 % 1.18 % 1.30 % 1.25 % 1.54 % 0.67 % For the three months ended March 31, 2014 and for the year ended December 31, 2013, gross interest income which would have been recorded had the non-performing loans been current in accordance with their original terms amounted to $130,000 and $117,000, respectively. We recognized $21,000 and $172,000 of interest income on such loans during the three months ended March 31, 2014 and the year ended December 31, 2013, respectively. Non-Accrual Loans. We generally cease accruing interest on our loans when contractual payments of principal or interest have become 90 days past due or management has serious doubts about further collectability of principal or interest, even though the loan is currently performing. A loan may remain on accrual status if it is in the process of collection and is either guaranteed or well secured. When a loan is placed on non-accrual status, unpaid interest credited to income is reversed. Interest received on non-accrual loans generally is applied against principal or interest and is recognized on the cash basis method. Generally, loans are restored to accrual status when the obligation is brought current, has performed in accordance with the contractual terms for a reasonable period of time and the ultimate collectability of the total contractual principal and interest is no longer in doubt. At March 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, we had $6.4 million and $5.3 million in non-accrual loans, respectively, (excluding non-accruing troubled debt restructurings). Our non-accrual loans consisted primarily of non-accruing one- to four-family residential loans, which totaled $1.9 million at March 31, 2014 and $2.2 million at December 31, 2013, and 85 Table of Contents commercial real estate loans, which totaled $3.5 million at March 31, 2014 and $2.0 million at December 31, 2013. The $1.5 million increase in non-accrual commercial real estate loans from December 31, 2013 to March 31, 2014 consisted primarily of two commercial lending relationships, one of which is secured by owner occupied commercial real estate and the other is secured by non-owner occupied commercial real estate. Troubled Debt Restructurings. Troubled debt restructurings are loan restructurings in which we, for economic or legal reasons related to an existing borrower’s financial difficulties, grant a concession to the debtor that we would not otherwise consider. Typically, a troubled debt restructuring involves a modification of terms of a debt, such as reduction of the stated interest rate for the remaining original life of the debt, extension of the maturity date at a stated interest rate lower than the current market rate for new debt with similar risk, reduction of the face amount of the debt, or reduction of accrued interest. We consider modifications only after analyzing the borrower’s current repayment capacity, evaluating the strength of any guarantors based on documented current financial information, and assessing the current value of any collateral pledged. These modifications are made only when there is a reasonable and attainable workout plan that has been agreed to by the borrower and that is in our best interests. No loan commitments were outstanding to our troubled debt restructured borrowers at March 31, 2014. Loans on non-accrual status at the date of modification are initially classified as non-accrual troubled debt restructurings. At March 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, we had $559,000 and $85,000 in non-accruing troubled debt restructurings, respectively. Our policy provides that troubled debt restructured loans are returned to accrual status after a period of satisfactory and reasonable future payment performance under the terms of the restructuring. Satisfactory payment performance is generally no less than six consecutive months of timely payments and demonstrated ability to continue to repay. At March 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, we had $2.0 million and $2.5 million in accruing troubled debt restructurings, respectively. As of March 31, 2014, no loans that were modified as troubled debt restructurings within the previous twelve months defaulted after their restructure. Non-Performing Loans. Non-performing loans (including non-accruing troubled debt restructurings) increased to $7.0 million, or 2.01% of total loans, at March 31, 2014 from $5.4 million, or 1.57% of total loans, at December 31, 2013. This increase was due primarily to an increase of $1.9 million in non-accruing commercial real estate loans. Non-performing commercial real estate loans consisted of 13 loans totaling $3.8 million at March 31, 2014. Non-performing one- to four-family residential real estate loans totaled $1.9 million at March 31, 2014 and consisted of 26 loans, the largest of which totaled $223,000. At March 31, 2014, our three largest non-performing loan relationships were an $871,000 loan secured by an automobile service center, a $777,000 loan relationship secured by an automobile service center, and a $364,000 loan relationship secured by non-owner occupied real estate. Foreclosed real estate. Foreclosed real estate consists of property acquired through formal foreclosure, in-substance foreclosure or by deed in lieu of foreclosure, and is recorded at fair value less estimated costs to sell. Write-downs to fair value, which are required at the time of foreclosure, are charged to the allowance for loan losses. After transfer, adjustments to the carrying value of the properties that result from subsequent declines in value are charged to operations in the period in which the declines occur. Subsequent to foreclosure, valuations are updated periodically and assets are marked to current fair value, not to exceed the initial cost basis. In the determination of fair value subsequent to foreclosure, management also considers other factors or recent developments, such as, changes in absorption rates and market conditions from the time of valuation and anticipated sales values considering management’s plans for disposition. Either change could result in adjustment to lower the property value estimates indicated in the appraisals. During the three months ended March 31, 2014, $197,000 of loans were transferred into real estate owned. For the year ended December 31, 2013, $755,000 of loans were transferred into real estate owned. We had $699,000 and $619,000 in real estate owned at March 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively. Other Loans of Concern. Other than $4.3 million of loans designated by management as “special mention,” there were no other loans at March 31, 2014 that are not already disclosed where there is information 86 Table of Contents about possible credit problems of borrowers that caused management to have serious doubts about the ability of the borrowers to comply with present loan repayment terms and that may result in disclosure of such loans in the future. Classified Assets. Federal regulations provide for the classification of loans and other assets, such as debt and equity securities considered by the FDIC to be of lesser quality, as “substandard,” “doubtful” or “loss.” An asset is considered “substandard” if it is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. “Substandard” assets include those characterized by the “distinct possibility” that the insured institution will sustain “some loss” if the deficiencies are not corrected. Assets classified as “doubtful” have all of the weaknesses inherent in those classified “substandard,” with the added characteristic that the weaknesses present make “collection or liquidation in full,” on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, “highly questionable and improbable.” Assets classified as “loss” are those considered “uncollectible” and of such little value that their continuance as assets without the establishment of a specific allowance for loan losses is not warranted. Assets that do not currently expose the insured institution to sufficient risk to warrant classification in one of the aforementioned categories but possess weaknesses are designated as “special mention” by our management. At March 31, 2014, we had $4.3 million of loans designated as “special mention.” When an insured institution classifies problem assets as either substandard or doubtful, it may establish general allowances in an amount deemed prudent by management to cover losses that were both probable and reasonable to estimate. General allowances represent allowances which have been established to cover accrued losses associated with lending activities that were both probable and reasonable to estimate, but which, unlike specific allowances, have not been allocated to particular problem assets. When an insured institution classifies problem assets as “loss,” it is required either to establish a specific allowance for losses equal to 100% of that portion of the asset so classified or to charge-off such amount. An institution’s determination as to the classification of its assets and the amount of its valuation allowances is subject to review by the regulatory authorities, which may require the establishment of additional general or specific allowances. In connection with the filing of our periodic regulatory reports and in accordance with our classification of assets policy, we continuously assess the quality of our loan portfolio and we regularly review the problem loans in our loan portfolio to determine whether any loans require classification in accordance with applicable regulations. Loans are listed on the “watch list” initially because of emerging financial weaknesses even though the loan is currently performing as agreed, or delinquency status, or if the loan possesses weaknesses although currently performing. Management reviews the status of our loan portfolio delinquencies, by product types, with the full board of directors on a monthly basis. Individual classified loan relationships are discussed as warranted. If a loan deteriorates in asset quality, the classification is changed to “special mention,” “substandard,” “doubtful” or “loss” depending on the circumstances and the evaluation. Generally, loans 90 days or more past due are placed on nonaccrual status and classified “substandard.” We also employ a risk grading system for our loans to help assure that we are not taking unnecessary and/or unmanageable risk. The primary objective of the loan risk grading system is to establish a method of assessing credit risk to further enable management to measure loan portfolio quality and the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses. Further, we contract with an external loan review firm to complete a credit risk assessment of the loan portfolio on a regular basis to help determine the current level and direction of our credit risk. The external loan review firm communicates the results of their findings to the Executive Loan Committee in writing and by periodically attending the Executive Loan Committee meetings. Any material issues discovered in an external loan review are also communicated to the President of Pathfinder Bank immediately. 87 Table of Contents The following table sets forth our amounts of classified loans and loans designated as special mention as of March 31, 2014, December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011. The classified loans totaled $14.0 million at March 31, 2014 and includes $7.0 million of nonperforming loans. At March 31, At December 31, 2014 2013 2012 2011 (In thousands) Classification of Loans: Substandard $ 13,744 $ 11,970 $ 14,815 $ 11,089 Doubtful 235 243 159 54 Loss ─ 22 26 76 Total Classified Assets $ 13,979 $ 12,235 $ 15,000 $ 11,219 Special Mention $ 4,313 $ 4,112 $ 3,523 $ 1,623 The increase in classified assets in the first quarter of 2014 was due to a $1.8 million increase in substandard loans. Substandard loans at March 31, 2014 consisted of $5.4 million in commercial real estate and $5.2 million in one- to four-family residential real estate loans that were performing loans. 88 Table of Contents Allowance for Loan Losses The following table sets forth information regarding our allowance for loan losses and other ratios at or for the dates indicated. For the Three Months Ended March 31, For the Years Ended December 31, 2014 2013 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 (Dollars in thousands) Balance at beginning of period $ 5,041 $ 4,501 $ 4,501 $ 3,980 $ 3,648 $ 3,078 $ 2,472 Charge-offs: Residential real estate (12 ) (12 ) (153 ) (108 ) (237 ) (48 ) (48 ) Commercial real estate (47 ) ─ (46 ) (142 ) (205 ) (162 ) (69 ) Commercial and municipal (143 ) (59 ) (273 ) (89 ) (99 ) (223 ) (3 ) Home equity and junior lien (50 ) (81 ) (81 ) (8 ) (43 ) (76 ) (38 ) Consumer (51 ) (28 ) (98 ) (161 ) (123 ) (81 ) (134 ) Total charge-offs (303 ) (180 ) (651 ) (508 ) (707 ) (590 ) (293 ) Recoveries: Residential real estate ─ 12 47 75 49 19 1 Commercial real estate ─ ─ 19 14 ─ 55 ─ Commercial and municipal 3 ─ 22 50 1 ─ ─ Home equity and junior lien ─ 13 19 6 10 5 2 Consumer 13 16 52 59 39 31 19 Total recoveries 16 41 159 204 99 110 22 Net (charge-offs) (287 ) (139 ) (492 ) (304 ) (608 ) (480 ) (270 ) Provision for loan losses 245 324 1,032 825 940 1,050 876 Balance at end of period $ 4,999 $ 4,686 $ 5,041 $ 4,501 $ 3,980 $ 3,648 $ 3,078 Ratios: Net charge-offs during the period to average loans outstanding during the period (1) 0.33 % 0.17 % 0.15 % 0.10 % 0.21 % 0.18 % 0.11 % Net charge-offs during the period to non-performing loans at end of period 4.11 2.32 9.20 5.48 12.86 8.10 11.67 Allowance for loan losses to non-performing loans at end of period 71.59 78.32 94.22 81.13 84.18 61.58 133.07 Allowance for loan losses to total loans at end of period 1.44 1.38 1.48 1.35 1.31 1.28 1.17 (1) Annualized. 89 Table of Contents The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level considered adequate to provide for losses that can be reasonably anticipated. Management performs a quarterly evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance. The allowance is increased by the provision for loan losses, and decreased by charge-offs, net of recoveries. Loans deemed to be uncollectible are charged against the allowance for loan losses, and subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. All, or part, of the principal balance of loans receivable are charged off to the allowance as soon as it is determined that the repayment of all, or part, of the principal balance is highly unlikely. Non-residential consumer loans are generally charged off no later than 120 days past due on a contractual basis, unless productive collection efforts are providing results. Consumer loans may be charged off earlier in the event of bankruptcy, or if there is an amount that is deemed uncollectible. No portion of the allowance for loan losses is restricted to any individual loan product and the entire allowance is available to absorb any and all loan losses. The allowance is based on three major components which are: (i) specific components for larger loans, (ii) recent historical losses and several qualitative factors applied to a general pool of loans, and (iii) an unallocated component. The first component is the specific allowance that relates to loans that are classified as impaired. For these loans, an allowance is established when the discounted cash flows or collateral value of the impaired loan are lower than the carrying value of that loan. A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Impairment is measured by either the present value of the expected future cash flows discounted at the loan’s effective interest rate or the fair value of the underlying collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. The majority of our loans utilize the fair value of the underlying collateral. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and shortfalls on a case-by case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length and reason for the delay, the borrower’s prior payment record and the amount of shortfall in relation to what is owed. The second component is the general allowance which covers pools of loans, by loan class, not considered impaired, smaller balance homogenous loans, such as residential real estate, home equity and other consumer loans. These pools of loans are evaluated for loss exposure first based on historical loss rates for each of these categories of loans. The ratio of net charge-offs to loans outstanding within each product class, over the most recent eight quarters, lagged by one quarter, is used to generate the historical loss rates. In addition, qualitative factors are added to the historical loss rates in arriving at the total allowance for loan losses needed for this general pool of loans. The qualitative factors include changes in national and local economic trends, the rate of growth in the portfolio, trends of delinquencies and nonaccrual balances, changes in loan policy, and changes in lending management experience and related staffing. Each factor is assigned a value to reflect improving, stable or declining conditions based on management’s best judgment using relevant information available at the time of the evaluation. These qualitative factors, applied to each product class, make the evaluation inherently subjective, as it requires material estimates that may be susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. The third component is the unallocated allowance which is maintained to cover uncertainties that could affect management’s estimate of probable losses. The unallocated component of the allowance reflects the margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies for estimating specific and general losses in the portfolio and generally comprises less than 10% of the total allowance for loan losses. When a loan is determined to be impaired, we will reevaluate the collateral which secures the loan. For real estate loans, we will obtain a new appraisal or broker’s opinion, whichever is considered to provide the most accurate value in the event of sale. An evaluation of equipment held as collateral will be obtained from a firm able to provide such an evaluation. Collateral will be inspected not less than annually for all impaired loans and will be reevaluated not less than every two years. Appraised values are discounted to arrive at the estimated selling price of the collateral, which is considered to be the estimated fair value. The discounts also include estimated costs to sell the property. For commercial and industrial loans secured by non-real estate collateral, such as accounts receivable, inventory and equipment, estimated fair values are determined based on the borrower’s financial statements, 90 Table of Contents inventory reports, account receivable agings or equipment appraisals or invoices. Indications of value from these sources are generally discounted based on the age of the financial information or the quality of the assets. Large groups of homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated for impairment. Accordingly, we do not separately identify individual residential mortgage loans less than $300,000, home equity and other consumer loans for impairment disclosures, unless such loans are related to borrowers with impaired commercial loans or they are the subject to a troubled debt restructuring agreement for those with a carrying value in excess of $300,000. In addition, the FDIC and NYDFS, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review our allowance for loan losses and may require us to recognize additions to the allowance based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination, which may not be currently available to management. Based on management’s comprehensive analysis of the loan portfolio, we believe the current level of the allowance for loan losses is adequate. 91 Table of Contents Allocation of the Allowance for Loan Losses. The following table presents our allocation of the allowance for loan losses by loan category and the percentage of loans in each category to total loans at the periods indicated. Management believes that the allowance can be allocated by category only on an approximate basis. The allocation of the allowance by category is not necessarily indicative of future losses and does not restrict the use of the allowance to absorb losses in any category. At March 31, At December 31, 2014 2013 2012 2011 Allowance for Loan Losses Loan Amounts by Category Percent of Loans in Each Category to Total Loans Allowance for Loan Losses Loan Amounts by Category Percent of Loans in Each Category to Total Loans Allowance for Loan Losses Loan Amounts by Category Percent of Loans in Each Category to Total Loans Allowance for Loan Losses Loan Amounts by Category Percent of Loans in Each Category to Total Loans (Dollars in thousands) Residential real estate $ 604 $ 168,536 48.4 % $ 649 $ 168,493 49.3 % $ 811 $ 176,968 53.1 % $ 664 $ 162,395 53.2 % Commercial real estate 2,436 102,506 29.5 2,302 95,510 28.0 1,748 82,357 24.6 1,346 73,628 24.2 Commercial and municipal 1,498 51,613 14.8 1,233 52,241 15.3 1,192 48,826 14.7 1,114 40,336 13.3 Home equity and junior lien 432 21,521 6.2 433 21,223 6.2 494 22,141 6.6 501 24,251 8.0 Consumer 102 3,965 1.1 136 4,166 1.2 168 3,456 1.0 162 4,140 1.4 Unallocated (73 ) ─ ─ 288 ─ ─ 88 ─ ─ 193 ─ ─ Total loans $ 4,999 $ 348,141 100.0 % $ 5,041 $ 341,633 100.0 % $ 4,501 $ 333,748 100.0 % $ 3,980 $ 304,750 100.0 % At December 31, 2010 2009 Allowance for Loan Losses Loan Amounts by Category Percent of Loans in Each Category to Total Loans Allowance for Loan Losses Loan Amounts by Category Percent of Loans in Each Category to Total Loans (Dollars in thousands) Residential real estate $ 750 $ 147,722 51.7 % $ 763 $ 135,102 51.5 % Commercial real estate 1,204 69,060 24.2 1,809 62,250 23.7 Commercial and municipal 1,083 39,833 14.0 864 35,447 13.5 Home equity and junior lien 424 25,271 8.9 390 26,086 9.9 Consumer 89 3,410 1.2 76 3,580 1.4 Unallocated 98 ─ ─ (24 ) ─ ─ Total loans $ 3,648 $ 285,296 100.0 % $ 3,078 $ 262,465 100.0 % 92 Table of Contents Investment Activities Our investment policy is established by the board of directors. Our investment policy dictates that investment decisions will be made based on the safety of the investment, liquidity requirements, potential returns, cash flow targets, and consistency with our interest rate risk management. The Asset Liability Management Committee of the board of directors acts in the capacity of an investment committee and is responsible for overseeing our investment program and evaluating on an ongoing basis our investment policy and objectives. Our President and Chief Financial Officer have the authority to purchase securities within specific guidelines established by the investment policy. All transactions are reviewed by the board of directors at its regular meeting. All investment securities must meet regulatory guidelines and be permissible bank investments, including United States Government obligations, securities of various federal agencies and of state and municipal governments, deposits at the FHLBNY, certificates of deposit at federally insured institutions, and federal funds. Within certain regulatory limits, we may also invest a portion of our assets in mutual funds, equity securities and investment grade corporate debt securities. As part of membership in the FHLBNY, we are required to maintain an investment in FHLBNY stock. All securities purchased will be classified at the time of purchase as either held-to-maturity or available-for-sale. We do not maintain a trading account. Securities purchased with the intent and ability to hold until maturity will be classified as held-to-maturity. Securities placed in the held-to-maturity category will be accounted for at amortized cost. Securities that do not qualify or are not categorized as held-to-maturity are classified as available-for-sale. This classification includes securities that may be sold in response to changes in interest rates, the security's prepayment risk, liquidity needs, the availability of and the yield on alternative investments, and funding sources and terms. These securities are reported at fair value, which is determined on a monthly basis. Unrealized gains and losses are reported as a separate component of capital, net of tax. The aggregate change in value of the portfolio is reported to the board of directors monthly. The general objectives of the investment portfolio are to assist in the overall interest rate risk management of Pathfinder Bank, generate a reasonable rate of return consistent with the safety of principal, provide a source of liquidity, minimize our tax liability, and mitigate our interest rate and credit risk. We purchase securities to provide necessary liquidity for day-to-day operations and when investable funds exceed loan demand. The effect that the proposed security would have on our credit and interest rate risk and risk-based equity is also considered. Securities classified as held to maturity, other than mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations, totaled $31.3 million at March 31, 2014 and consisted primarily of state and political subdivision securities, and to a lesser extent, Federal agency obligations and corporate securities. Our securities classified as available-for-sale, other than mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations, totaled $40.1 million at March 31, 2014, and consisted primarily of corporate securities and Federal agency obligations, which include Federal Farm Credit Bank notes, FHLBNY notes, Fannie Mae notes and Freddie Mac notes. For a discussion on mortgage backed securities, see “—Mortgage-Backed Securities.” Included within the available for sale portfolio are three mutual fund positions. The first is a mutual fund backed by adjustable rate mortgage-backed securities and cash equivalents. The second equity security is a mutual fund consisting primarily of investment grade dividend-paying common stocks of large capitalization companies, i.e., companies with market capitalization in excess of $5.0 billion. The third fund, Financial Institutions Fund, LLC, invests primarily in equity securities issued by community banks and thrift institutions and holding companies of such banks and thrifts located principally in the Northeastern United States. The fund seeks out banks and thrifts with less than $5.0 billion in assets that are high performing or ones that represent potential acquisition targets or are strategically located in a market where a major competitor was recently acquired by a larger institution. We also have a $2.0 million investment in FHLBNY stock at March 31, 2014, which is classified separately from securities due to the restrictions on sale or transfer. For further information regarding our securities portfolio, see Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements. 93 Table of Contents Mortgage-Backed Securities and Collateralized Mortgage Obligations We purchase mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae. We invest in mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations to achieve positive interest rate spreads with minimal administrative expense, and to lower our credit risk. We regularly monitor the credit quality of this portfolio. Mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations are created by the pooling of mortgages and the issuance of a security with an interest rate which is less than the interest rate on the underlying mortgages. These securities typically represent a participation interest in a pool of single-family or multi-family mortgages, although we focus our investments on mortgage related securities backed by one- to four-family real estate loans. The issuers of such securities pool and resell the participation interests in the form of securities to investors such as Pathfinder Bank, and in the case of government agency sponsored issues, guarantee the payment of principal and interest to investors. Mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations generally yield less than the loans that underlie such securities because of the cost of payment guarantees, if any, and credit enhancements. These fixed-rate securities are usually more liquid than individual mortgage loans. At March 31, 2014, our held to maturity mortgage-backed securities totaled $8.8 million, which represented 1.7% of our total assets at that date. At March 31, 2014, 100% of our held to maturity mortgage-backed securities had fixed rates of interest. We purchased $3.3 million of held to maturity mortgage-backed securities during the three months ended March 31, 2014 and $1.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2013. At March 31, 2014, our available for sale mortgage-backed securities totaled $24.4 million, which represented 4.5% of our total assets at that date. At March 31, 2014, 100% of our available for sale mortgage-backed securities had fixed rates of interest. We purchased $3.1 million of available for sale mortgage-backed securities during the three months ended March 31, 2014 and $9.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2013. At March 31, 2014, our held to maturity collateralized mortgage obligations totaled $2.9 million. At March 31, 2014, the entire held to maturity collateralized mortgage obligations portfolio consisted entirely of securities backed by government-sponsored enterprises or U.S. Government agencies. We did not hold any held to maturity private-label collateralized mortgage obligations. At March 31, 2014, our available for sale collateralized mortgage obligations totaled $19.2 million. At March 31, 2014, the entire available for sale collateralized mortgage obligations portfolio consisted entirely of securities backed by government-sponsored enterprises or U.S. Government agencies. We did not hold any available for sale private-label collateralized mortgage obligations. The collateralized mortgage obligations portfolio had a weighted average yield of 2.2% and a weighted average remaining life of 19.7 years at March 31, 2014. The estimated fair value of our collateralized mortgage obligations portfolio at March 31, 2014 was $64,000 more than the amortized cost of $22.1 million. Of the $22.1 million of collateralized mortgage obligations, $19.9 million are pledged as collateral for municipal deposits at March 31, 2014. Investments in collateralized mortgage obligations involve a risk that actual prepayments may differ from estimated prepayments over the life of the security, which may require adjustments to the amortization of any premium or accretion of any discount relating to such instruments, thereby changing the net yield on such securities. There is also reinvestment risk associated with the cash flows from such securities or if such securities are redeemed by the issuer. In addition, the market value of such securities may be adversely affected in a rising interest rate environment, particularly since all of our collateralized mortgage obligations have a fixed rate of interest. The relatively short weighted average remaining life of our collateralized mortgage obligation portfolio mitigates our potential risk of loss in a rising interest rate environment. 94 Table of Contents Amortized Cost and Estimated Fair Value of Securities. The following table sets forth certain information regarding the amortized cost and estimated fair values of our securities as of the dates indicated. At March 31, At December 31, 2014 2013 2012 2011 Amortized Cost Estimated Fair Value Amortized Cost Estimated Fair Value Amortized Cost Estimated Fair Value Amortized Cost Estimated Fair Value (Dollars in thousands) Investment securities held to maturity: Debt investment securities US Treasury, agencies and GSEs $ 4,814 $ 4,800 $ 1,872 $ 1,847 $ ─ $ ─ $ ─ $ ─ State and political subdivisions 22,831 23,140 21,371 21,264 ─ ─ ─ ─ Corporate 3,692 3,742 3,746 3,718 ─ ─ ─ ─ Residential mortgage-backed – US agency 8,762 8,760 5,556 5,526 ─ ─ ─ ─ Collateralized mortgage obligations – US agency 2,891 2,917 1,867 1,867 Collateralized mortgage obligations – private label ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ Total investment securities held to maturity 42,990 43,359 34,412 34,222 ─ ─ ─ ─ Investment securities available for sale: Debt investment securities US Treasury, agencies and GSEs 19,910 19,598 16,935 16,597 6,175 6,183 5,025 5,073 State and political subdivisions 6,300 6,450 6,429 6,587 26,413 27,471 19,508 20,304 Corporate 11,870 12,060 13,498 13,696 22,942 23,006 21,086 20,434 Residential mortgage-backed – US agency 24,372 24,387 22,231 22,139 22,891 23,638 31,998 33,067 Collateralized mortgage obligations – US agency 19,175 19,213 20,147 20,003 24,222 24,613 17,667 17,989 Collateralized mortgage obligations – private label ─ ─ ─ ─ 296 305 505 519 Total debt investment securities available for sale 81,627 81,708 79,240 79,022 102,939 105,216 95,789 97,386 Equity investment securities Mutual funds: Ultra short mortgage fund 643 647 643 648 1,286 1,291 1,286 1,298 Large cap equity fund 456 655 456 651 905 1,081 905 1,024 Other mutual funds US agency 183 364 183 345 183 319 183 243 Common stock – financial services industry 270 289 271 293 420 432 443 444 Total equity investment securities available for sale 1,552 1,955 1,553 1,937 2,794 3,123 2,817 3,009 Total investment securities available for sale 83,179 83,663 80,793 80,959 105,733 108,339 98,606 100,395 Total investment securities $ 126,169 $ 127,022 $ 115,205 $ 115,181 $ 105,733 $ 108,339 $ 98,606 $ 100,395 95 Table of Contents Carrying Values, Yields and Maturities. The following table sets forth certain information regarding the carrying value, weighted average yields and contractual maturities of our securities portfolio as of March 31, 2014. Adjustable-rate mortgage-backed securities are included in the period in which interest rates are next scheduled to adjust. At March 31, 2014 One Year or Less More Than One Year through Five Years More Than Five Years through Ten Years More Than Ten Years Total Securities Amortized Cost Weighted Average Yield Amortized Cost Weighted Average Yield Amortized Cost Weighted Average Yield Amortized Cost Weighted Average Yield Amortized Cost Estimated Fair Value Weighted Average Yield (Dollars in thousands) Investment securities held to maturity: Debt investment securities US Treasury, agencies and GSEs $ ─ ─ % $ 1,009 1.69 % $ 3,805 2.31 % $ ─ ─ % $ 4,814 $ 4,800 2.18 % State and political subdivisions 186 0.60 2,086 1.44 8,564 2.77 11,995 3.58 22,831 23,140 3.05 Corporate 334 4.46 ─ ─ 1,726 4.37 1,632 2.52 3,692 3,742 3.56 Residential mortgage-backed – US agency ─ ─ ─ ─ 964 1.82 7,798 2.94 8,762 8,760 2.81 Collateralized mortgage obligations – US agency ─ ─ ─ ─ 2,891 3.16 ─ ─ 2,891 2,917 3.16 Collateralized mortgage obligations – private label ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ Total investment securities held to maturity 520 3.08 3,095 1.52 17,950 2.84 21,425 3.26 42,990 43,359 2.96 Investment securities available for sale: Debt investment securities US Treasury, agencies and GSEs 1,002 0.24 14,898 0.84 4,010 1.50 ─ ─ 19,910 19,598 0.94 State and political subdivisions 879 1.20 4,796 1.99 625 2.14 ─ ─ 6,300 6,450 1.89 Corporate 4,128 1.42 7,742 2.11 ─ ─ ─ ─ 11,870 12,060 1.87 Residential mortgage-backed – US agency ─ ─ 179 4.23 8,541 2.33 15,652 2.37 24,372 24,387 2.37 Collateralized mortgage obligations – US agency ─ ─ ─ ─ 3,618 1.73 15,557 2.16 19,175 19,213 2.08 Collateralized mortgage obligations – private label ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ Total debt investment securities available for sale 6,009 1.19 27,615 1.42 16,794 1.99 31,209 2.27 81,627 81,708 1.85 Equity investment securities Mutual funds: Ultra short mortgage fund 643 1.52 ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ 643 674 1.51 Large cap equity fund 456 2.40 ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ 456 655 2.40 Other mutual funds US agency 183 ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ 183 364 ─ Common stock – financial services industry 270 4.84 ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ 270 289 4.84 Total equity investment securities available for sale 1,552 2.18 ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ 1,552 1,955 2.02 Total investment securities available for sale 7,561 1.25 27,615 1.42 16,794 1.99 31,209 2.27 83,179 83,663 1.85 96 Table of Contents Sources of Funds General. Deposits have traditionally been our primary source of funds for use in lending and investment activities. We also rely on advances from the FHLBNY and CDARS as a form of brokered deposits. In addition to deposits and borrowings, we derive funds from scheduled loan payments, investment maturities, loan prepayments, retained earnings and income on interest earning assets. While scheduled loan payments and income on interest earning assets are relatively stable sources of funds, deposit inflows and outflows can vary widely and are influenced by prevailing market interest rates, economic conditions and competition from other financial institutions. Deposits. A majority of our depositors are persons or businesses who work or reside or operate in Oswego and Onondaga Counties. We offer a selection of deposit products, including checking, savings, money market deposit accounts, and certificates of deposit. Deposit account terms vary, with the principal differences being the minimum balance required, the amount of time the funds must remain on deposit and the interest rate. We establish interest rates, maturity terms, service fees and withdrawal penalties on a periodic basis. Management determines the rates and terms based on rates paid by competitors, our need for funds or liquidity, overall growth goals and federal and state regulations. The flow of deposits is influenced significantly by general economic conditions, changes in interest rates and competition. The variety of deposit accounts that we offer allows us to be competitive in generating deposits and to respond with flexibility to changes in our customers’ demands. We believe that deposits are a stable source of funds, but our ability to attract and maintain deposits at favorable rates will be affected by market conditions, including competition and prevailing interest rates. In addition, Pathfinder Commercial Bank holds municipal deposits, which have been a more volatile source of funds to Pathfinder Bank. The CDARS is a form of brokered deposit program in which we have been a participant since 2009. In addition to offering depositors enhanced FDIC insurance coverage, being a participant in CDARS allows us to fund our balance sheet through CDARS’ One-Way Buy program. This program uses a competitive bid process for available deposits at specified terms. These deposits work well for us because of their weekly availability, coupled with their short term, which allows us to more closely mirror our funding needs. We believe this arrangement is a viable source of funding provided that we maintain our “well-capitalized” status. Brokered deposit holdings are limited to 15% of reported total assets or $78.9 million as of March 31, 2014. At March 31, 2014, brokered deposits totaled $39.6 million (all of which are CDARS), or approximately 9.0% of total deposits. At March 31, 2014, we had $155.7 million in total time deposits, which includes certificates of deposit and CDARS. 97 Table of Contents Deposit Accounts. The following table sets forth the dollar amount of savings deposits in the various types of deposit programs we offered as of the dates indicated. At or For the Three Months Ended March 31, At or For the Year Ended December 31, 2014 2013 Average Balance Amount Percent Weighted Average Rate Average Balance Amount Percent Weighted Average Rate (Dollars in thousands) Deposit type: NOW accounts $ 40,848 $ 43,222 9.86 % 0.17 % $ 37,733 $ 35,949 8.77 % 0.21 % Money management accounts 13,312 13,452 3.07 0.15 13,962 13,337 3.25 0.19 MMDA accounts 90,462 94,032 21.45 0.42 81,734 83,867 20.45 0.45 Savings and club accounts 74,937 75,548 17.23 0.08 69,284 68,924 16.80 0.08 Time deposits 151,864 155,734 35.53 1.05 160,823 159,892 38.98 1.22 Demand deposits 52,054 56,365 12.86 0.00 48,814 48,171 11.75 0.00 Total deposits $ 423,477 $ 438,353 100.00 % 0.50 % $ 412,350 $ 410,140 100.00 % 0.60 % At or For the Year Ended December 31, At or For the Year Ended December 31, 2012 2011 Average Balance Amount Percent Weighted Average Rate Average Balance Amount Percent Weighted Average Rate (Dollars in thousands) Deposit type: NOW accounts $ 31,819 $ 33,110 8.45 % 0.26 % $ 30,274 $ 32,106 8.77 % 0.29 % Money management accounts 14,395 14,441 3.69 0.30 12,964 14,249 3.89 0.33 MMDA accounts 77,401 73,519 18.76 0.55 64,352 70,588 19.28 0.68 Savings and club accounts 63,962 63,501 16.21 0.08 60,713 58,689 16.03 0.13 Time deposits 159,283 163,321 41.68 1.44 139,299 153,344 41.88 1.86 Demand deposits 40,759 43,913 11.21 0.00 35,971 37,153 10.15 0.00 Total deposits $ 387,619 $ 391,805 100.00 % 0.75 % $ 343,573 $ 366,129 100.00 % 0.94 % 98 Table of Contents Maturities of Certificates of Deposit Accounts. The following table sets forth the amount and maturities of certificates of deposit accounts at the dates indicated. At March 31, 2014 Less than Six Months Six Months to One Year Over One Year to Three Years Over Three Years Total Percent of Total (Dollars in thousands) 2.00% and below $ 69,123 $ 27,061 $ 15,482 $ 17,446 $ 129,112 82.90 % 2.01% to 3.00% 11,814 3,018 2,632 3,860 21,324 13.69 3.01% to 4.00% 342 230 1,254 410 2,236 1.44 4.01% to 5.00% 964 279 915 78 2,236 1.44 5.01% to 6.00% 826 ─ ─ ─ 826 0.53 6.00% and over ─ ─ ─ ─ ─ 0.00 Total $ 83,069 $ 30,588 $ 20,283 $ 21,794 $ 155,734 100.00 % Large Certificates. As of March 31, 2014, the aggregate amount of outstanding certificates of deposit at Pathfinder Bank in amounts greater than or equal to $100,000 was approximately $155.7 million. The following table presents the maturity of these certificates of deposit at such date. Maturity Period At March 31, 2014 (In thousands) Less than three months $ 40,935 Three to six months 15,531 Six months to one year 15,000 Over one year to three years 6,386 Over three years 9,001 Total $ 86,853 The following table sets forth certificates of deposit classified by interest rate as of the dates indicated. At December 31, At March 31, 2014 2013 2012 2011 (In thousands) Interest Rate: 2.00% and below $ 129,112 $ 125,345 $ 116,156 $ 100,119 2.01% to 3.00% 19,984 28,523 39,339 38,931 3.01% to 4.00% 3,576 2,798 3,321 4,640 4.01% to 5.00% 2,236 2,400 3,722 8,763 5.01% to 6.00% 826 826 783 851 6.00% and over ─ ─ ─ 40 Total $ 155,734 $ 159,892 $ 163,321 $ 153,344 99 Table of Contents Borrowings. We may obtain advances primarily from the FHLBNY utilizing the security of the common stock we own in the FHLBNY and qualifying residential mortgage loans as collateral, provided certain standards related to creditworthiness are met. These advances are made pursuant to several credit programs, each of which has its own interest rate and range of maturities. FHLBNY advances are generally available to meet seasonal and other withdrawals of deposit accounts and to permit increased lending. The following table sets forth information with respect to our FHLBNY advances. At or for the Three Months ended March 31, At or For the Year Ended December 31, 2014 2013 2013 2012 2011 (Dollars in thousands) FHLB Advances: Maximum outstanding at any month end $ 40,000 $ 35,000 $ 43,860 $ 38,500 $ 35,910 Balance at the end of period $ 33,000 $ 25,000 $ 40,000 $ 34,000 $ 25,000 Average balance during period $ 33,398 $ 31,593 $ 34,015 $ 30,176 $ 31,203 Weighted average interest rate at the end of period 1.43 % 2.91 % 1.31 % 2.58 % 3.22 % Weighted average interest rate during period 1.40 % 2.37 % 1.70 % 2.65 % 2.95 % In 2007, we formed the Pathfinder Statutory Trust II (the “Trust”) and the Trust issued 5,000 floating Trust Preferred Securities with a liquidation amount of $1,000 per preferred security for an aggregate offering price of $5,000,000. The proceeds of the $5,000,000 were used by the Trust to retire the original issuance, Pathfinder Statutory Trust I. The Debentures and Securities have a term of 30 years and carry an interest rate adjusted quarterly of three month LIBOR plus 1.65%. At March 31, 2014, this rate was 1.88%. Employees As of March 31, 2014, we had a total of 104 full-time employees and 20 part-time employees. The employees are not represented by a collective bargaining unit and we consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 100 Table of Contents Properties We conduct our business through our main office located in Oswego, New York, six branch offices located in Oswego County and a branch location in Onondaga County. We anticipate opening a business banking office in Syracuse, New York in third quarter of 2014. We believe that our facilities are adequate for the business conducted. The aggregate net book value of our facilities was $8.0 million at March 31, 2014. Location Year Acquired or Leased Owned or Leased Net Book Value of Real Property Main Office: 214 West First Street Oswego, New York 13126 1874 Owned $ 3.3 million Branch Locations: Plaza Branch Route 104, Ames Plaza Oswego, New York 13126 1989 Owned (1) $ 177,000 (4) Mexico Branch Norman & Main Streets Mexico, New York 13114 1978 Owned $ 416,000 Oswego East Branch 34 East Bridge Street Oswego, New York 13126 1994 Owned $ 752,000 Lacona Branch 1897 Harwood Drive Lacona, New York 13083 2002 Owned $ 146,000 Fulton Branch 5 West First Street South Fulton, New York 13069 2003 Owned (2) $ 625,000 Central Square Branch 3025 East Ave Central Square, New York 13036 2005 Owned $ 1.2 million Cicero Branch 6194 State Route 31 Cicero, New York 13039 2011 Owned $ 1.4 million Syracuse Business Banking Office 302-310 South Salina Street Syracuse, New York 13202 2014 Leased (3) (1) The building is owned; the underlying land is leased with an annual rent of $22,000. (2) The building is owned; the underlying land is leased with an annual rent of $33,000. (3) The premises will be leased upon opening in the third quarter of 2014 with an annual rent of $58,000. (4) Included in construction in progress was $330,000 of cost associated with a branch renovation process. The project is anticipated to be completed in June 2014. Legal Proceedings There are various claims and lawsuits to which we are periodically involved that are incidental to our business. At March 31, 2014, in the opinion of management, such claims and lawsuits in the aggregate are not expected to have a material adverse impact to our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. Subsidiary Activities Other than Pathfinder Bank, Pathfinder-Federal has one direct subsidiary, Pathfinder Statutory Trust II. 101 Table of Contents Pathfinder Statutory Trust II is a non-consolidated Delaware statutory trust subsidiary that was formed in connection with the issuance of $5.2 million in trust preferred securities. Pathfinder Bank has four wholly-owned subsidiaries, Pathfinder Commercial Bank, Pathfinder REIT, Inc., Whispering Oaks Development Corp and Pathfinder Risk Management Company, Inc. Pathfinder Commercial Bank is a limited purpose, New York-chartered commercial bank subsidiary that serves the depository needs of municipalities and public entities in its market area. New York law requires municipal deposits to be held only by commercial banks. Pathfinder REIT, Inc. is a New York corporation, formed as Pathfinder Bank’s real estate investment trust subsidiary. Pathfinder REIT, Inc. operates and is taxed in a manner that enables it to qualify as a real estate investment trust under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. As a result of this election, Pathfinder REIT, Inc. is not taxed at the corporate level on taxable income distributed to stockholders, provided that certain real estate investment trust qualification tests are met. At March 31, 2014, Pathfinder REIT, Inc. held $16.8 million in mortgages and mortgage related assets. Whispering Oaks Development Corp. is a New York corporation, retained to operate or develop foreclosed real estate. Pathfinder Risk Management Company, Inc. is a New York corporation, established to hold the 51% controlling interest of the FitzGibbons Agency, LLC acquired in December 2013. The FitzGibbons Agency, LLC is an Oswego County based property and casualty and life and health insurance brokerage business with $500,000 in annual revenues. Additional details can be found in Note 23 to the consolidated financial statements. SUPERVISION AND REGULATION General Pathfinder Bank is a New York-chartered stock savings bank and upon completion of the conversion will be the wholly-owned subsidiary of New Pathfinder, a Maryland corporation, which will be a registered bank holding company. Pathfinder Bank’s deposits are insured up to applicable limits by the FDIC. Pathfinder Bank is subject to extensive regulation by the NYDFS, as its chartering agency, and by the FDIC, its primary federal regulator and deposit insurer. Pathfinder Bank is required to file reports with, and is periodically examined by, the FDIC and the NYDFS concerning its activities and financial condition and must obtain regulatory approvals prior to entering into certain transactions, including, but not limited to, mergers with or acquisitions of other financial institutions. As a registered bank holding company, New Pathfinder will be regulated by the Federal Reserve Board. The regulatory and supervisory structure establishes a comprehensive framework of activities in which an institution can engage and is intended primarily for the protection of depositors and the deposit insurance funds, rather than for the protection of stockholders and creditors. The regulatory structure also gives the regulatory authorities extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, including policies concerning the establishment of deposit insurance assessment fees, classification of assets and establishment of adequate loan loss reserves for regulatory purposes. Any change in such regulatory requirements and policies, whether by the New York legislature, the NYDFS, the FDIC, the Federal Reserve Board or the Unites States Congress, could have a material adverse impact on the financial condition and results of operations of New Pathfinder and Pathfinder Bank. As is further described below, the Dodd-Frank Act has significantly changed the bank regulatory structure and may affect the lending, investment and general operating activities of depository institutions and their holding companies. Set forth below is a summary of certain material statutory and regulatory requirements applicable to New Pathfinder and Pathfinder Bank. The summary is not intended to be a complete description of such statutes and regulations and their effects on New Pathfinder and Pathfinder Bank. 102 Table of Contents The Dodd-Frank Act The Dodd-Frank Act significantly changed bank regulation and has affected the lending, investment, trading and operating activities of depository institutions and their holding companies. The Dodd-Frank Act also created a new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau with extensive powers to supervise and enforce consumer protection laws. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has broad rule-making authority for a wide range of consumer protection laws that apply to all banks and savings institutions, including the authority to prohibit “unfair, deceptive or abusive” acts and practices. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau also has examination and enforcement authority over all banks and savings institutions with more than $10 billion in assets. Banks and savings institutions with $10 billion or less in assets, such as Pathfinder Bank, will continue to be examined by their applicable federal bank regulators. The Dodd-Frank Act also gave state attorneys general the ability to enforce applicable federal consumer protection laws. The Dodd-Frank Act broadened the base for FDIC assessments for deposit insurance, permanently increased the maximum amount of deposit insurance to $250,000 per depositor. The Dodd-Frank Act also, among other things, requires originators of certain securitized loans to retain a portion of the credit risk, stipulates regulatory rate-setting for certain debit card interchange fees, repealed restrictions on the payment of interest on commercial demand deposits and contains a number of reforms related to mortgage originations. The Dodd-Frank Act increased the ability of stockholders to influence boards of directors by requiring companies to give stockholders a non-binding vote on executive compensation and so-called “golden parachute” payments. The Dodd-Frank Act also directed the Federal Reserve Board to promulgate rules prohibiting excessive compensation paid to company executives, regardless of whether the company is publicly traded or not. Many of the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act are subject to delayed effective dates or require the implementing regulations and, therefore, their impact on our operations cannot be fully determined at this time. However, it is likely that the Dodd-Frank Act will increase the regulatory burden, compliance costs and interest expense for Pathfinder Bank and New Pathfinder. SBLF Participation On September 1, 2011, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with the U.S. Treasury pursuant to which the we sold to the Treasury 13,000 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock, having a liquidation amount of $1,000 per share for aggregate proceeds of $13.0 million. This transaction was entered into as part of the SBLF. The Series B Preferred Stock is entitled to receive non-cumulative dividends payable quarterly, on each January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1, beginning October 1, 2011. The dividend rate, which is calculated on the aggregate liquidation amount, was initially set at 4.2% per annum based upon the level of “Qualified Small Business Lending”, or “QSBL” (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) by Pathfinder Bank. The dividend rate for dividend periods subsequent to the initial period is set based upon the “Percentage Change in Qualified Lending” (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) between each dividend period and the “Baseline” QSBL level. Such dividend rate may vary from 1% per annum to 5% per annum for the second through tenth dividend periods, and from 1% per annum to 7% per annum for the eleventh through the first half of the nineteenth dividend periods. If the Series B Preferred Stock remains outstanding for more than four-and-one-half years, the dividend rate will be fixed at 9.0% annually. Prior to that time, in general, the dividend rate decreases as the level of Pathfinder Bank’s QSBL increases. Our dividend rate as of March 31, 2014 was 1.0%. Such dividends are not cumulative, but we may only declare and pay dividends on our common stock (or any other equity securities junior to the Series B Preferred Stock) if we have declared and paid dividends for the current dividend period on the Series B Preferred Stock. We also are subject to other restrictions on our ability to repurchase or redeem other securities. We may redeem the shares of Series B Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, at any time at a redemption price equal to the sum of the liquidation amount per share and the per-share amount of any unpaid dividends for the then-current period, subject to any required prior approval by the FDIC. We do not presently intend to repay SBLF in connection with the completion of the conversion. 103 Table of Contents The SBLF requires us to file quarterly reports on QSBL lending, which must be audited annually. We must also make outreach efforts and advertise the availability of QSBL to organizations and individuals who represent minorities, women and veterans. We must annually certify that no business loans are made to principals of businesses who have been convicted of a sex crime against a minor. Finally, the SBLF requires us to file quarterly, annual and other reports provided to stockholders concurrently with the U.S. Treasury. Simultaneously with the closing of the SBLF transaction on September 1, 2011, we exited TARP. Pursuant to our exit, we redeemed (repurchased) from the Treasury, largely using proceeds received from the issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock, all 6,771 shares of our Series A Preferred Stock, having a liquidation amount per share equal to $1,000. On February 1, 2012, we redeemed (repurchased) a warrant to purchase 154,354 shares of our common stock, par value $0.01 per share. The total redemption price of our TARP Series A Preferred Stock and the warrant to purchase 154,354 shares of our common stock, including all dividends paid to the Treasury, was approximately $7.3 million. Supervisory Agreement During May 2009, we entered into a Supervisory Agreement with the Office of Thrift Supervision. The agreement was issued in connection with the identification of certain violations of applicable statutory and regulatory restrictions on capital distributions and transactions with affiliates. On November 26, 2013, we were informed by the Federal Reserve Board that the Supervisory Agreement was terminated, indicating that we had complied with the terms of the Supervisory Agreement. New York Bank Regulation Pathfinder Bank derives its lending, investment, branching and other authority primarily from the applicable provisions of New York State Banking Law and the regulations of the NYDFS, as limited by federal laws and regulations. Under these laws and regulations, savings banks, including Pathfinder Bank, may invest in real estate mortgages, consumer and commercial loans, certain types of debt securities, including certain corporate debt securities and obligations of federal, state and local governments and agencies, certain types of corporate equity securities and certain other assets. Under the statutory authority for investing in equity securities, a savings bank may invest up to 7.5% of its assets in corporate stock, with an overall limit of 5% of its assets invested in common stock. Investment in the stock of a single corporation is limited to the lesser of 2% of the outstanding stock of such corporation or 1% of the savings bank’s assets, except as set forth below. Such equity securities must meet certain earnings ratios and other tests of financial performance. A savings bank’s lending powers are not subject to percentage of assets limitations, although there are limits applicable to single borrowers. A savings bank may also, pursuant to the “leeway” power, make investments not otherwise permitted under the New York State Banking Law. This power permits investments in otherwise impermissible investments of up to 1% of assets in any single investment, subject to certain restrictions and to an aggregate limit for all such investments of up to 5% of assets. Additionally, in lieu of investing in such securities in accordance with and reliance upon the specific investment authority set forth in the New York State Banking Law, savings banks are authorized to elect to invest under a “prudent person” standard in a wider range of investment securities as compared to the types of investments permissible under such specific investment authority. However, in the event a savings bank elects to utilize the “prudent person” standard, it will be unable to avail itself of the other provisions of the New York State Banking Law and regulations which set forth specific investment authority. Pathfinder Bank has not elected to conduct its investment activities under the “prudent person” standard. A savings bank may also exercise trust powers upon approval of the NYDFS. Pathfinder Bank does not presently have trust powers. New York State chartered savings banks may also invest in subsidiaries under their service corporation investment authority. A savings bank may use this power to invest in corporations that engage in various activities authorized for savings banks, plus any additional activities that may be authorized by the NYDFS. Investment by a savings bank in the stock, capital notes and debentures of its service corporations is limited to 3% of the bank’s assets, and such investments, together with the bank’s loans to its service corporations, may not exceed 10% of the savings bank’s assets. Furthermore, New York banking regulations impose requirements on loans which a bank may make to its executive officers and directors and to certain corporations or partnerships in which such persons 104 Table of Contents have equity interests. These requirements include that (i) certain loans must be approved in advance by a majority of the entire board of directors and the interested party must abstain from participating directly or indirectly in voting on such loan, (ii) the loan must be on terms that are not more favorable than those offered to unaffiliated third parties, and (iii) the loan must not involve more than a normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features. Under the New York State Banking Law, the Superintendent may issue an order to a New York State chartered banking institution to appear and explain an apparent violation of law, to discontinue unauthorized or unsafe practices and to keep prescribed books and accounts. Upon a finding by the NYDFS that any director, trustee or officer of any banking organization has violated any law, or has continued unauthorized or unsafe practices in conducting the business of the banking organization after having been notified by the Superintendent to discontinue such practices, such director, trustee or officer may be removed from office after notice and an opportunity to be heard. Pathfinder Bank does not know of any past or current practice, condition or violation that may lead to any proceeding by the Superintendent or the NYDFS against Pathfinder Bank or any of its directors, trustees or officers. New York State Community Reinvestment Regulation Pathfinder Bank is also subject to provisions of the New York State Banking Law which imposes continuing and affirmative obligations upon banking institutions organized in New York State to serve the credit needs of its local community (“NYCRA”) which are substantially similar to those imposed by the Community Reinvestment Act. Pursuant to the NYCRA, a bank must file an annual NYCRA report and copies of all federal CRA reports with the NYDFS The NYCRA requires the NYDFS to make a biennial written assessment of a bank’s compliance with the NYCRA, utilizing a four-tiered rating system and make such assessment available to the public. The NYCRA also requires the Superintendent to consider a bank’s NYCRA rating when reviewing a bank’s application to engage in certain transactions, including mergers, asset purchases and the establishment of branch offices or automated teller machines, and provides that such assessment may serve as a basis for the denial of any such application. Pathfinder Bank’s NYCRA rating, dated December 31, 2012 was “satisfactory.” Federal Regulations Capital Requirements. Under the FDIC’s regulations, federally insured state-chartered banks that are not members of the Federal Reserve System (“state non-member banks”), such as Pathfinder Bank, are required to comply with minimum leverage capital requirements. For an institution not anticipating or experiencing significant growth and deemed by the FDIC to be, in general, a strong banking organization rated composite 1 under Uniform Financial Institutions Ranking System, the minimum capital leverage requirement is a ratio of Tier 1 capital to total assets of 3.0%. For all other institutions, the minimum leverage capital ratio is not less than 4.0%. Tier 1 capital is the sum of common stockholder’s equity, noncumulative perpetual preferred stock (including any related surplus) and minority investments in certain subsidiaries, less intangible assets (except for certain servicing rights and credit card relationships) and certain other specified items. FDIC regulations also require state non-member banks to maintain certain ratios of regulatory capital to regulatory risk-weighted assets, or “risk-based capital ratios.” Risk-based capital ratios are determined by allocating assets and specified off-balance sheet items to four risk-weighted categories ranging from 0.0% to 100.0%. State non-member banks must maintain a minimum ratio of total capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 8.0%, of which at least one-half must be Tier 1 capital. Total capital consists of Tier 1 capital plus Tier 2 or supplementary capital items, which include allowances for loan losses in an amount of up to 1.25% of risk-weighted assets, cumulative preferred stock, subordinated debentures and certain other capital instruments, and a portion of the net unrealized gain on equity securities. The includable amount of Tier 2 capital cannot exceed the amount of the institution’s Tier 1 capital. In July, 2013, the FDIC and the other federal bank regulatory agencies issued a final rule to revise their risk-based and leverage capital requirements and their method for calculating risk-weighted assets, to make them consistent with the agreements that were reached by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. The final rule applies to all depository institutions, top-tier bank holding 105 Table of Contents companies with total consolidated assets of $500 million or more, and top-tier savings and loan holding companies (“banking organizations”). Among other things, the rule establishes a new common equity Tier 1 minimum capital requirement (4.5% of risk-weighted assets), increases the minimum Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets requirement (from 4% to 6% of risk-weighted assets) and assigns a higher risk weight (150%) to exposures that are more than 90 days past due or are on nonaccrual status and to certain commercial real estate facilities that finance the acquisition, development or construction of real property. The final rule also limits a banking organization’s capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments if the banking organization does not hold a “capital conservation buffer” consisting of 2.5% of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets. The final rule becomes effective for us on January 1, 2015. The capital conservation buffer requirement will be phased in beginning January 1, 2016 and ending January 1, 2019, when the full capital conservation buffer requirement will be effective. At March 31, 2014, Pathfinder Bank was well-capitalized. Standards for Safety and Soundness. As required by statute, the federal banking agencies have adopted final regulations and Interagency Guidelines Establishing Standards for Safety and Soundness to implement safety and soundness standards. The guidelines set forth the safety and soundness standards that the federal banking agencies use to identify and address problems at insured depository institutions before capital becomes impaired. The guidelines address internal controls and information systems, internal audit system, credit underwriting, loan documentation, interest rate exposure, asset growth, asset quality, earnings, compensation, fees and benefits and, more recently, safeguarding customer information. If the appropriate federal banking agency determines that an institution fails to meet any standard prescribed by the guidelines, the agency may require the institution to submit to the agency an acceptable plan to achieve compliance with the standard. Business and Investment Activities. Under federal law, all state-chartered FDIC-insured banks, including savings banks, have been limited in their activities as principal and in their equity investments to the type and the amount authorized for national banks, notwithstanding state law. Federal law permits exceptions to these limitations. For example, certain state-chartered savings banks may, with FDIC approval, continue to exercise state authority to invest in common or preferred stocks listed on a national securities exchange and in the shares of an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The maximum permissible investment is the lesser of 100.0% of Tier 1 capital or the maximum amount permitted by New York law. The FDIC is also authorized to permit state banks to engage in state authorized activities or investments not permissible for national banks (other than non-subsidiary equity investments) if they meet all applicable capital requirements and it is determined that such activities or investments do not pose a significant risk to the FDIC insurance fund. The FDIC has adopted regulations governing the procedures for institutions seeking approval to engage in such activities or investments. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 specified that a state bank may control a subsidiary that engages in activities as principal that would only be permitted for a national bank to conduct in a “financial subsidiary,” if a bank meets specified conditions and deducts its investment in the subsidiary for regulatory capital purposes. Prompt Corrective Regulatory Action. Federal law requires, among other things, that federal bank regulatory authorities take “prompt corrective action” with respect to banks that do not meet minimum capital requirements. For these purposes, the law establishes five capital categories: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. The FDIC has adopted regulations to implement the prompt corrective action legislation. An institution is deemed to be “well capitalized” if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0% or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0% or greater and a leverage ratio of 5.0% or greater. An institution is “adequately capitalized” if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0% or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 4.0% or greater, and generally a leverage ratio of 4.0% or greater. An institution is “undercapitalized” if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 8.0%, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 4.0%, or generally a leverage ratio of less than 4.0%. An institution is deemed to be “significantly undercapitalized” if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0%, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 3.0%, or a leverage ratio of less than 3.0%. An institution is 106 Table of Contents considered to be “critically undercapitalized” if it has a ratio of tangible equity (as defined in the regulations) to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0%. “Undercapitalized” banks must adhere to growth, capital distribution (including dividend) and other limitations and are required to submit a capital restoration plan. A bank’s compliance with such a plan must be guaranteed by any company that controls the undercapitalized institution in an amount equal to the lesser of 5% of the institution’s total assets when deemed undercapitalized or the amount necessary to achieve the status of adequately capitalized. If an “undercapitalized” bank fails to submit an acceptable plan, it is treated as if it is “significantly undercapitalized.” “Significantly undercapitalized” banks must comply with one or more of a number of additional measures, including, but not limited to, a required sale of sufficient voting stock to become adequately capitalized, a requirement to reduce total assets, cessation of taking deposits from correspondent banks, the dismissal of directors or officers and restrictions on interest rates paid on deposits, compensation of executive officers and capital distributions by the parent holding company. “Critically undercapitalized” institutions are subject to additional measures including, subject to a narrow exception, the appointment of a receiver or conservator within 270 days after it obtains such status. The recently adopted final rule that will increase regulatory capital requirements will adjust the prompt corrective action categories accordingly. Transactions with Related Parties. Transactions between a bank (and, generally, its subsidiaries) and its related parties or affiliates are limited by Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act. An affiliate of a bank is any company or entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the bank. In a holding company context, the parent bank holding company and any companies which are controlled by such parent holding company are affiliates of the bank. Generally, Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act limit the extent to which the bank or its subsidiaries may engage in “covered transactions” with any one affiliate to 10% of such institution’s capital stock and surplus and contain an aggregate limit on all such transactions with all affiliates to an amount equal to 20% of such institution’s capital stock and surplus. The term “covered transaction” includes the making of loans, purchase of assets, issuance of a guarantee and similar transactions. In addition, loans or other extensions of credit by the institution to the affiliate are required to be collateralized in accordance with specified requirements. The law also requires that affiliate transactions be on terms and conditions that are substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the institution, as those provided to non-affiliates. Pathfinder Bank’s authority to extend credit to its directors, executive officers and 10% stockholders, as well as to entities controlled by such persons, is currently governed by the requirements of Sections 22(g) and 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation O of the Federal Reserve Board. Among other things, these provisions generally require that extensions of credit to insiders: · be made on terms that are substantially the same as, and follow credit underwriting procedures that are not less stringent than, those prevailing for comparable transactions with unaffiliated persons and that do not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features; and · not exceed certain limitations on the amount of credit extended to such persons, individually and in the aggregate, which limits are based, in part, on the amount of Pathfinder Bank’s capital. In addition, extensions of credit in excess of certain limits must be approved by Pathfinder Bank’s board of directors. Extensions of credit to executive officers are subject to additional limits based on the type of extension involved. Enforcement. The FDIC has extensive enforcement authority over insured state savings banks, including Pathfinder Bank. That enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to assess civil money penalties, issue cease and desist orders and remove directors and officers. In general, enforcement actions may be initiated in response to violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. The FDIC also has authority under federal law to appoint a conservator or receiver for an insured bank under certain circumstances. The 107 Table of Contents FDIC is required, with certain exceptions, to appoint a receiver or conservator for an insured state non-member bank if that bank was “critically undercapitalized” on average during the calendar quarter beginning 270 days after the date on which the institution became “critically undercapitalized.” Federal Insurance of Deposit Accounts. The Dodd-Frank Act permanently increased the maximum amount of deposit insurance for banks, savings institutions and credit unions to $250,000 per depositor. Under the FDIC’s risk-based assessment system, insured institutions are assigned to one of four risk categories based on supervisory evaluations, regulatory capital levels and certain other risk factors. Rates are based on each institution’s risk category and certain specified risk adjustments. Stronger institutions pay lower rates while riskier institutions pay higher rates. In February 2011, the FDIC published a final rule under the Dodd-Frank Act to reform the deposit insurance assessment system. The rule redefined the assessment base used for calculating deposit insurance assessments effective April 1, 2011. Under the rule, assessments are based on an institution’s average consolidated total assets minus average tangible equity instead of total deposits. The rule revised the assessment rate schedule to establish assessments ranging from 2.5 to 45 basis points. Deposit assessments were prepaid in December 2009 for the fourth quarter of 2009 and for calendar years 2010 through 2012. Estimated assessments were based on certain assumptions specified by the FDIC, including a 5% annual growth rate. Prepaid assessments are to be applied against actual assessments until the prepaid assessments are exhausted. Unused prepayments were returned to the institutions on June 28, 2013. We recorded the prepayment of assessments as a prepaid expense, which is being amortized to expense over three years. Our prepayments amount was $1.7 million and we received a reimbursement of $500,000. In addition to the FDIC assessments, the Financing Corporation (“FICO”) is authorized to impose and collect, with the approval of the FDIC, assessments for anticipated payments, issuance costs and custodial fees on bonds issued by the FICO in the 1980s to recapitalize the former Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation. The bonds issued by the FICO are due to mature in 2017 through 2019. For the quarter ended March 31, 2014, the annualized Financing Corporation assessment was equal to 0.64 of a basis point of total assets less tangible capital. The Dodd-Frank Act increased the minimum target Deposit Insurance Fund ratio from 1.15% of estimated insured deposits to 1.35% of estimated insured deposits. The FDIC must seek to achieve the 1.35% ratio by June 30, 2020. It is intended that insured institutions with assets of $10 billion or more will fund the increase. The Dodd-Frank Act eliminated the 1.5% maximum fund ratio, instead leaving it to the discretion of the FDIC and the FDIC has exercised that discretion by establishing a long-term fund ratio of 2%. The FDIC has authority to increase insurance assessments. Any significant increases would have an adverse effect on the operating expenses and results of operations of Pathfinder Bank. Management cannot predict what assessment rates will be in the future. Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that an institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC. We do not currently know of any practice, condition or violation that may lead to termination of our deposit insurance. Community Reinvestment Act. Under the CRA, a bank has a continuing and affirmative obligation, consistent with its safe and sound operation, to help meet the credit needs of its entire community, including low and moderate income neighborhoods. The CRA does not establish specific lending requirements or programs for financial institutions nor does it limit an institution’s discretion to develop the types of products and services that it believes are best suited to its particular community. The CRA does require the FDIC, in connection with its examination of a bank, to assess the institution’s record of meeting the credit needs of its community and to take such record into account in its evaluation of certain applications by such institution, including applications to establish or acquire branches and merger with other depository institutions. The CRA requires the FDIC to provide a written evaluation of an institution’s CRA performance utilizing a four-tiered descriptive rating system. Pathfinder Bank’s latest FDIC CRA rating, dated October 9, 2012, was “satisfactory.” 108 Table of Contents Federal Reserve System. The Federal Reserve Board regulations require savings institutions to maintain non-interest-earning reserves against their transaction accounts (primarily negotiable order of withdrawal (NOW) and regular checking accounts). The regulations generally provide that reserves be maintained against aggregate transaction accounts as follows: a 3% reserve ratio is assessed on net transaction accounts up to and including $58.8 million; a 10% reserve ratio is applied above $58.8 million. The first $10.7 million of otherwise reservable balances are exempted from the reserve requirements. The amounts are adjusted annually. Pathfinder Bank complies with the foregoing requirements. Federal Home Loan Bank System. Pathfinder Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank System, which consists of twelve regional Federal Home Loan Banks. The Federal Home Loan Bank System provides a central credit facility primarily for member institutions as well as other entities involved in home mortgage lending. As a member of the FHLBNY, Pathfinder Bank is required to acquire and hold a specified amount of shares of capital stock in the FHLBNY. As of March 31, 2014, Pathfinder Bank was in compliance with this requirement. Other Regulations Interest and other charges collected or contracted for by Pathfinder Bank are subject to state usury laws and federal laws concerning interest rates. Pathfinder Bank’s operations are also subject to federal laws applicable to credit transactions, such as the: · Truth-In-Lending Act, governing disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers; · Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, requiring that borrowers for mortgage loans for one- to four-family residential real estate receive various disclosures, including good faith estimates of settlement costs, lender servicing and escrow account practices, and prohibiting certain practices that increase the cost of settlement services; · Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, requiring financial institutions to provide information to enable the public and public officials to determine whether a financial institution is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing needs of the community it serves; · Equal Credit Opportunity Act, prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, creed or other prohibited factors in extending credit; · Fair Credit Reporting Act, governing the use and provision of information to credit reporting agencies; · Fair Debt Collection Act, governing the manner in which consumer debts may be collected by collection agencies; · Truth in Savings Act; and · Rules and regulations of the various federal agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing such federal laws. The operations of Pathfinder Bank also are subject to the: 109 Table of Contents · Right to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records; · Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E promulgated thereunder, which govern automatic deposits to and withdrawals from deposit accounts and customers’ rights and liabilities arising from the use of automated teller machines and other electronic banking services; · Check Clearing for the 21 st Century Act (also known as “Check 21”), which gives “substitute checks,” such as digital check images and copies made from that image, the same legal standing as the original paper check; · USA PATRIOT Act, which requires savings banks operating to, among other things, establish broadened anti-money laundering compliance programs, due diligence policies and controls to ensure the detection and reporting of money laundering. Such required compliance programs are intended to supplement existing compliance requirements, also applicable to financial institutions, under the Bank Secrecy Act and the Office of Foreign Assets Control regulations; and · Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, which places limitations on the sharing of consumer financial information by financial institutions with unaffiliated third parties. Specifically, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act requires all financial institutions offering financial products or services to retail customers to provide such customers with the financial institution’s privacy policy and provide such customers the opportunity to “opt out” of the sharing of certain personal financial information with unaffiliated third parties. Holding Company Regulation In connection with the completion of the conversion, Pathfinder Bank will revoke its Section 10(l) election so that New Pathfinder will be a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended subject to supervision and regulation by the Federal Reserve Board. New Pathfinder, as a bank holding company, will be subject to examination, regulation, and periodic reporting under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, as administered by the Federal Reserve Board. New Pathfinder is required to obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board to acquire all, or substantially all, of the assets of any bank or bank holding company. Prior Federal Reserve Board approval would be required for New Pathfinder to acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of any voting securities of any bank or bank holding company if it would, directly or indirectly, own or control more than 5% of any class of voting shares of the bank or bank holding company. A bank holding company is generally prohibited from engaging in, or acquiring, direct or indirect control of more than 5% of the voting securities of any company engaged in non-banking activities. One of the principal exceptions to this prohibition is for activities found by the Federal Reserve Board to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. Some of the principal activities that the Federal Reserve Board has determined by regulation to be closely related to banking are: (i) making or servicing loans; (ii) performing certain data processing services; (iii) providing securities brokerage services; (iv) acting as fiduciary, investment or financial advisor; (v) leasing personal or real property under certain conditions; (vi) making investments in corporations or projects designed primarily to promote community welfare; and (vii) acquiring a savings association. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 authorizes a bank holding company that meets specified conditions, including depository institutions subsidiaries that are “well capitalized” and “well managed,” to opt to become a “financial holding company.” A “financial holding company” may engage in a broader array of financial activities than permitted a typical bank holding company. Such activities can include insurance underwriting and investment 110 Table of Contents banking. New Pathfinder has elected “financial holding company” status to be effective upon completion of the conversion and reorganization, and has applied for the Federal Reserve Board’s non-objection. New Pathfinder will be subject to the Federal Reserve Board’s consolidated capital adequacy guidelines for bank holding companies as it has more than $500 million in total assets. A bank holding company is generally required to give the Federal Reserve Board prior written notice of any purchase or redemption of then outstanding equity securities if the gross consideration for the purchase or redemption, when combined with the net consideration paid for all such purchases or redemptions during the preceding 12 months, is equal to 10% or more of the company’s consolidated net worth. The Federal Reserve Board may disapprove such a purchase or redemption if it determines that the proposal would constitute an unsafe and unsound practice, or would violate any law, regulation, Federal Reserve Board order or directive, or any condition imposed by, or written agreement with, the Federal Reserve Board. The Federal Reserve Board has adopted an exception to that approval requirement for well-capitalized bank holding companies that meet certain other conditions. The Federal Reserve Board has issued a policy statement regarding the payment of dividends by bank holding companies. In general, the Federal Reserve Board’s policies provide that dividends should be paid only out of current earnings and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention by the bank holding company appears consistent with the organization’s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. The Federal Reserve Board’s policies also require that a bank holding company serve as a source of financial strength to its subsidiary banks by using available resources to provide capital funds during periods of financial stress or adversity and by maintaining the financial flexibility and capital-raising capacity to obtain additional resources for assisting its subsidiary banks where necessary. The Dodd-Frank Act codified the source of strength policy and requires the promulgation of implementing regulations. Under the prompt corrective action laws, the ability of a bank holding company to pay dividends may be restricted if a subsidiary bank becomes undercapitalized. These regulatory policies could affect the ability of New Pathfinder to pay dividends or otherwise engage in capital distributions. The Federal Deposit Insurance Act makes depository institutions liable to the FDIC for losses suffered or anticipated by the insurance fund in connection with the default of a commonly controlled depository institution or any assistance provided by the FDIC to such an institution in danger of default. That law would have potential applicability if New Pathfinder ever held as a separate subsidiary a depository institution in addition to Pathfinder Bank. New Pathfinder and Pathfinder Bank will be affected by the monetary and fiscal policies of various agencies of the United States Government, including the Federal Reserve System. In view of changing conditions in the national economy and in the money markets, it is impossible for management to accurately predict future changes in monetary policy or the effect of such changes on the business or financial condition of New Pathfinder or Pathfinder Bank. New Pathfinder’s status as a registered bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act will not exempt it from certain federal and state laws and regulations applicable to corporations generally, including, without limitation, certain provisions of the federal securities laws. Federal Securities Laws We have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 for the registration of the shares of common stock to be issued pursuant to the stock offering. Upon completion of the stock offering, our common stock will be registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We will be subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading restrictions and other requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The registration under the Securities Act of 1933 of shares of common stock to be issued in the stock offering does not cover the resale of those shares. Shares of common stock purchased by persons who are not our 111 Table of Contents affiliates may be resold without registration. Shares purchased by our affiliates will be subject to the resale restrictions of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933. If we meet the current public information requirements of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, each affiliate of ours that complies with the other conditions of Rule 144, including those that require the affiliate’s sale to be aggregated with those of other persons, would be able to sell in the public market, without registration, a number of shares not to exceed, in any three-month period, the greater of 1% of our outstanding shares, or the average weekly volume of trading in the shares during the preceding four calendar weeks. In the future, we may permit affiliates to have their shares registered for sale under the Securities Act of 1933. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 addresses, among other issues, corporate governance, auditing and accounting, executive compensation, and enhanced and timely disclosure of corporate information. As directed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer will be required to certify that our quarterly and annual reports do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact. The rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act have several requirements, including having these officers certify that: they are responsible for establishing, maintaining and regularly evaluating the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting; they have made certain disclosures to our auditors and the audit committee of the board of directors about our internal control over financial reporting; and they have included information in our quarterly and annual reports about their evaluation and whether there have been changes in our internal control over financial reporting or in other factors that could materially affect internal control over financial reporting. We have prepared policies, procedures and systems designed to ensure compliance with these regulations. TAXATION Federal Taxation General . Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, Pathfinder-Federal and Pathfinder Bank are, and New Pathfinder will be, subject to federal income taxation in the same general manner as other corporations, with some exceptions discussed below. The following discussion of federal taxation is intended only to summarize certain pertinent federal income tax matters and is not a comprehensive description of the tax rules applicable to Pathfinder-Federal, New Pathfinder or Pathfinder Bank. Method of Accounting . For federal income tax purposes, Pathfinder-Federal currently reports its income and expenses on the accrual method of accounting and uses a tax year ending December 31 for filing its federal and state income tax returns. Bad Debt Reserves . Prior to 1996, Pathfinder Bank was permitted to establish a reserve for bad debts and to make annual additions to the reserve. These additions could, within specified formula limits, be deducted in arriving at our taxable income. As a result of tax law changes in 1996, Pathfinder Bank was required to use the specific charge-off method in computing its bad debt deduction beginning with its 1996 federal tax return. Savings institutions were required to recapture any excess reserves over those established as of December 31, 1987 (base year reserve). At March 31, 2014, Pathfinder Bank had no reserves subject to recapture in excess of its base year reserves. Pathfinder-Federal is required to use the specific charge-off method to account for tax bad debt deductions. Taxable Distributions and Recapture . Prior to 1996, bad debt reserves created prior to 1988 were subject to recapture into taxable income if Pathfinder Bank failed to meet certain thrift asset and definitional tests or made certain distributions. Tax law changes in 1996 eliminated thrift-related recapture rules. However, under current law, pre-1988 tax bad debt reserves remain subject to recapture if Pathfinder Bank makes certain non-dividend distributions, repurchases any of its common stock, pays dividends in excess of earnings and profits, or fails to 112 Table of Contents qualify as a “bank” for tax purposes. At March 31, 2014, our total federal pre-base year bad debt reserve was approximately $1.3 million. Alternative Minimum Tax . The Internal Revenue Code imposes an alternative minimum tax at a rate of 20% on a base of regular taxable income plus certain tax preferences, less any available exemption. The alternative minimum tax is imposed to the extent it exceeds the regular income tax. Net operating losses can offset no more than 90% of alternative taxable income. Certain payments of alternative minimum tax may be used as credits against regular tax liabilities in future years. Pathfinder-Federal was subject to $44,267 of alternative minimum tax for 2011. At March 31, 2014, Pathfinder-Federal had no such amounts available as credits for carryover. Net Operating Loss Carryovers. A financial institution may carry back net operating losses to the preceding two taxable years and forward to the succeeding 20 taxable years. A 2009 federal tax law change allows for a one-time carry back of either 2008 or 2009 taxable losses for up to five years. As of March 31, 2014, Pathfinder-Federal does not have a federal net operating loss carryforward. Corporate Dividends-Received Deduction . Pathfinder-Federal may exclude from its federal taxable income 100% of dividends received from Pathfinder Bank as a wholly-owned subsidiary by filing consolidated tax returns. The corporate dividends-received deduction is 80% when the corporation receiving the dividend owns at least 20% of the stock of the distributing corporation. The dividends-received deduction is 70% when the corporation receiving the dividend owns less than 20% of the distributing corporation. State Taxation For 2014, we are subject to the New York State Franchise Tax on Banking Corporations in an annual amount equal to the greater of (i) 7.1% of Pathfinder Bank's "entire net income" allocable to New York State during the taxable year, or (ii) the applicable alternative minimum tax. The alternative minimum tax is generally the greater of (a) 0.01% of the value of Pathfinder Bank's assets allocable to New York State with certain modifications, (b) 3% of our "alternative entire net income" allocable to New York State, or (c) $1,250. Entire net income is similar to federal taxable income, subject to certain modifications and alternative entire net income is equal to entire net income without certain modifications. Net operating losses arising in the current period can be carried forward to the succeeding 20 taxable years. Effective January 1, 2015, banking corporations will be taxed under the New York State General Business Corporation Franchise Tax provisions. The New York State tax rate on “entire net income” will be reduced from 7.1% to 6.5% effective January 1, 2016, and various modifications will be available to community banks (defined as banks with less than $8 billion in total assets) regarding deductions associated with interest income. Our state tax returns have not been audited for the last five years. As a Maryland business corporation, New Pathfinder is required to file an annual report with and pay franchise taxes to the state of Maryland. 113 Table of Contents MANAGEMENT Shared Management Structure Each executive officer of New Pathfinder is also an executive officer of Pathfinder Bank. We expect that New Pathfinder and Pathfinder Bank will continue to have common executive officers until there is a business reason to establish separate management structures. Executive Officers The following table sets forth information regarding our executive officers. Age information is as of March 31, 2014. The executive officers of New Pathfinder and Pathfinder Bank are elected annually. Name Age Position Thomas W. Schneider 52 President and Chief Executive Officer, New Pathfinder and Pathfinder Bank James A. Dowd 46 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, New Pathfinder and Pathfinder Bank Melissa A. Miller 56 Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, New Pathfinder and Pathfinder Bank Edward A. Mervine 57 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, New Pathfinder and Pathfinder Bank Ronald Tascarella 55 Senior Vice President and Chief Credit Officer, New Pathfinder and Pathfinder Bank Daniel R. Phillips 49 Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer, Pathfinder Bank The principal occupation during the past five years of each of our executive officers is set forth below. All directors and executive officers have held their present positions for all five years unless otherwise stated. Thomas W. Schneider has been employed by Pathfinder Bank since 1988. Mr. Schneider is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Pathfinder-Federal and Pathfinder Bank. Prior to his appointment as President in 2000, Mr. Schneider was the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Pathfinder-Federal and Pathfinder Bank. Mr. Schneider is a member of the Board of Directors of New Pathfinder, Pathfinder-Federal and Pathfinder Bank. Mr. Schneider provides the Board with extensive knowledge of our customers and lending markets. James A. Dowd has been employed by Pathfinder Bank since 1994 and was appointed in 2000 as the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Pathfinder-Federal and Pathfinder Bank. Mr. Dowd is responsible for the accounting, finance, marketing and facilities departments. Melissa A. Miller has been employed by Pathfinder Bank since 1976. Since 2005, Ms. Miller has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Pathfinder-Federal and Pathfinder Bank. Ms. Miller is responsible for deposit operations, branch administration and information services. Edward A. Mervine is Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary for Pathfinder-Federal and Pathfinder Bank. Prior to joining us in 2002, Mr. Mervine was a partner in the law firm of Bond Schoeneck & King, PLLC. Mr. Mervine is responsible for human resources, loss mitigation, security and legal and regulatory compliance. Ronald Tascarella has been the Senior Vice President and Chief Credit Officer of Pathfinder Bank since 2006. Prior to joining us, he was Senior Vice President of Oswego County National Bank. Mr. Tascarella is responsible for Pathfinder Bank’s lending operations. Daniel R. Phillips has been employed by Pathfinder Bank since 1999 and since January 2014, has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer of Pathfinder Bank. Prior to joining us, he was Assistant Vice President of Community Bank. Mr. Phillips is responsible for electronic delivery channels, information security and technology platforms. 114 Table of Contents Directors New Pathfinder has nine directors. Directors serve three-year staggered terms so that approximately one-third of the directors are elected annually. Directors of Pathfinder Bank will be elected by New Pathfinder as its sole stockholder. The following table states our directors’ names, their ages as of March 31, 2014, the years when they began serving as directors of Pathfinder Bank and when their current term expires. Name Age Position Director Since Term to Expire Thomas W. Schneider 52 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 2001 2015 John P. Funiciello 50 Director 2011 2015 Lloyd "Buddy" Stemple 53 Director 2005 2015 David A. Ayoub 51 Director 2012 2016 Adam C. Gagas(1) 42 Director 2014 2016 John F. Sharkey, III(2) 56 Director 2014 2016 William A. Barclay 45 Director 2011 2017 Chris R. Burritt 60 Chairman of the Board 1986 2017 George P. Joyce 63 Director 2000 2017 (1) Mr. Gagas was elected to the Board of Directors of Pathfinder-Federal effective April 23, 2014 and to the Board of Directors of Pathfinder Bank, effective March 17, 2014. (2) Mr. Sharkey was elected to the Board of Directors of Pathfinder-Federal effective April 23, 2014 and to the Board of Directors of Pathfinder Bank, effective December 19, 2013. The principal occupation during the past five years of each director, nominee and executive officer, as well as other relevant experience, is set forth below. All directors, nominees and executive officers have held their present positions for five years unless otherwise stated. None of our directors or nominees have been the subject of securities litigation, enforcement or bankruptcy in the past ten years. Chris R. Burritt is the President and General Manager of R.M. Burritt Motors, Inc., an automobile dealership located in Oswego, New York. Mr. Burritt was elected Chairman of the Board effective January 1, 2014. In addition to his long term ownership and management of his well known local business, Mr. Burritt is active in community affairs. He presently serves on the Board of Directors of Oswego Hospital and is a member of its Finance/Operations Committee. Mr. Burritt also serves as Director of the NYS Automobile Dealers Association in Albany, NY. Mr. Burritt’s experience operating a local business and substantial ties to the communities served by Pathfinder Bank provides the Board with valuable insight into managing and overseeing a business. George P. Joyce is the owner and operator of Laser Transit, Ltd., Lacona, New York, a Central New York logistics services provider. Mr. Joyce has earned a Bachelor Degree in Economics from SUNY Oswego. He has been a Controller for transportation and warehousing firm, as well as a manager in an IT consulting firm. He is also presently President of Intelliflex, LLC a third party logistics firm performing freight forwarding and outsourced logistics services for its customers. He has served as President and Chair of the Board of Trustees for Oswego Hospital, Chair of the Board of Operation Oswego County, Vice President of Seneca Hill Manor, Director of the Oswego College Foundation and numerous other community organizations. Mr. Joyce provides the Board with extensive financial and business experience as well as valuable insight into managing and overseeing a business. Lloyd “Buddy” Stemple is the Chief Executive Officer of Constellium Rolled Products in Ravenswood, West Virginia, a global supplier of rolled aluminum to the Aerospace and Transportation materials industries. Mr. Stemple, until recently, was the Chief Executive Officer of Oman Aluminum Rolling Company. The Oman Aluminum Rolling Company is a new venture supported by the government of Oman which started commercial production of rolled aluminum in late 2013. Prior to his work in Oman, he was the Vice-President and General Manager of Novelis Specialty Products, Novelis Inc. which has manufacturing locations in Oswego, New York, Kingston, Ontario Canada and sales offices in Cleveland, Ohio and Detroit, Michigan. Mr. Stemple has an Engineering Degree and an MBA. His experience in large, publicly traded companies provides a unique perspective to our Board. William A. Barclay is a graduate of St. Lawrence University and Syracuse University College of Law. An attorney and businessman, Mr. Barclay is a partner in the Syracuse law firm of Hiscock and Barclay, LLP, where he 115 Table of Contents specializes in business law. Mr. Barclay has served on several community organizations throughout his career including the SUNY Oswego College Council, the Rosamond Gifford Zoo at Burnet Park, the Everson Museum of Art, and Northern Oswego County Health Services, Inc. In 2004, he was recognized as one of Oswego County Business Magazine’s Forty under 40, an honor given to Oswego County leaders under the age of 40. Mr. Barclay was also awarded the 2007 Martin Rose Economic Developer Merit Award for his commitment to the economic development process by helping to facilitate the attraction and retention of businesses in Oswego County. Mr. Barclay is currently a New York State Assemblyman for the 120th District, which includes Oswego, Onondaga and Jefferson counties. Mr. Barclay’s in-depth knowledge of economic development and the law provide the Board with a unique and valuable perspective into economic development and legal issues. John P. Funiciello is a licensed real estate broker and developer who owns and operates J.F. Real Estate in Syracuse, NY. Mr. Funiciello began his career with Pyramid Brokerage Company and started J.F. Real Estate in 1992. J.F. Real Estate represents approximately three million square feet of commercial real estate in the Central New York Region. Mr. Funiciello is a graduate of the State University of New York at Cortland with a degree in Economics and a concentration in Business. He is an active member of the Syracuse community and has served on the Boards of the Consortium for Children’s Services and the Samaritan Center. Mr. Funiciello’s extensive real estate experience and knowledge of the local real estate market as well as his valuable insight into managing and overseeing a business brings valuable expertise to the Board. David A. Ayoub serves as Partner-in-Charge of the Tax Department at the Syracuse firm of Bowers & Company, CPA’s. In that capacity, Mr. Ayoub consults on corporate mergers and acquisitions, as well as assists start-up businesses. In addition, he oversees the firm’s tax compliance, technical research, planning and consulting. Mr. Ayoub has over 25 years of accounting and taxation experience. Mr. Ayoub is a graduate of Rochester Institute of Technology with a BBA in Accounting and is a Certified Public Accountant in New York State. He is also a Member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, as well as the New York State Society of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Ayoub pursues an active role in the community, serving on Boards including the Manlius Village Public Library and Make-A-Wish Foundation. He has also worked previously with the United Way and Score. Mr. Ayoub’s extensive experience with corporate transactions as well as his experience in business and tax offers the Board an invaluable perspective of Pathfinder Bank’s business. John F. Sharkey, III is President of Universal Metal Works, a custom metal fabrication facility, in Fulton, New York, and the Managing Partner of Universal Properties, LLC. Prior to his role with Universal Metal Works, Mr. Sharkey was President of Universal Joint Sales, a heavy-duty truck parts distributor, headquartered in Syracuse, New York. During his tenure at Universal Joint Sales, the company grew to 13 locations throughout the Northeast and Florida. In 1998, Mr. Sharkey sold Universal Joint Sales to FleetPride. For three years following the sale of the company, Mr. Sharkey acted as FleetPride’s Regional Vice President. Mr. Sharkey is an active member of the Central New York community, serving on Boards including the Council of Fleet Specialists, Rockwell International’s Distributor Advisory Council, and the Camillus Youth Hockey Association. He is also a committee member of the Syracuse Chapter of Ducks Unlimited. Mr. Sharkey’s management experience and business knowledge provides a valuable resource and perspective to the Board. Adam C. Gagas has more than 15 years experience in global financial markets. He is the founder and CEO of Breakwall Asset Management, LLC, a New York State registered investment advisor located in Oswego. Mr. Gagas was an analyst on teams managing multi-billion dollar portfolios at Skandia Asset Management and Principal Global Investors in New York City. He was awarded an Alfa Fellowship and completed a yearlong professional placement as an institutional investment analyst at Alfa Capital in Moscow, Russia. He is also the owner/operator of Gagas Realty Corporation, a multi-property commercial real estate holding company. In addition, he is an adjunct instructor of Corporate Finance in the SUNY Oswego School of Business. Mr. Gagas earned a BA from Hobart College with majors in Economics and Russian Studies, and an MBA with a concentration in Finance from the Leonard N. Stern School of Business at New York University. His extensive community involvement includes serving as Treasurer of Oswego Health, chair of that organization’s Audit and Investment committees, and as a member of the Executive committee. Mr. Gagas is also a board member of Oswego’s historic Riverside Cemetery, and has previously held leadership positions with the Oswego YMCA and Oswego Opera Theater. Mr. Gagas 116 Table of Contents provides the Board with extensive financial and business experience as well as valuable insight into managing and overseeing a business. Board Independence The board of directors determines the independence of each director in accordance with Nasdaq Stock Market rules, which include all elements of independence as set forth in the listing requirements for Nasdaq securities. The board of directors has determined that all of our directors are “independent” directors within the meaning of such standards, with the exception of Mr. Schneider. In evaluating the independence of our independent directors, we found no transactions between us and our independent directors that are not required to be reported in this prospectus and that had an impact on our determination as to the independence of our directors. Codes of Business Conduct and Ethics Pathfinder-Federal has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that reflects current circumstances and Securities and Exchange Commission and Nasdaq definitions for such codes. The code of business conduct and ethics covers Pathfinder-Federal, Pathfinder Bank and other subsidiaries. Among other things, the code of business conduct and ethics includes provisions regarding honest and ethical conduct, conflicts of interest, full and fair disclosure, compliance with law, and reporting of and sanctions for violations. The code applies to all directors, officers and employees of Pathfinder-Federal and subsidiaries. We have posted a copy of the code of business conduct and ethics on our corporate website, at www.pathfinderbank.com , on the link “Investor Relations.” As further matters are documented, or if those documents (including the code of business conduct and ethics) are changed, waivers from the code of business conduct and ethics are granted, or new procedures are adopted, those new documents, changes and/or waivers will be posted on the corporate website at that address. Transactions With Certain Related Persons In accordance with Federal laws and regulations, Pathfinder Bank offers the same loan and deposit products and services to its officers and directors, as well as its associates, as those offered to our customers generally. However, regulations permit executive officers and directors to receive the same terms through programs that are widely available to other employees, as long as the executive officer or director is not given preferential treatment compared to the other participating employees. In the ordinary course of business, Pathfinder Bank makes loans available to its directors, officers and employees. Full-time employees, and directors after one year of service, of Pathfinder Bank are entitled to receive a primary residence mortgage loan at an interest rate of 0.50% below market, consistent with applicable laws and regulations. The chart below lists the named executive officers and directors who participated in the employee mortgage loan program during the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 or 2011, and certain information with respect to their loans. No other directors or executive officers of Pathfinder-Federal participated in the employee mortgage loan program during the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 or 2011. Name Largest Aggregate Balance 01/01/13 to 12/31/13 Interest Rate Non- employee Interest Rate Principal Balance 12/31/13 Principal Paid 01/01/13 to 12/31/13 Interest Paid 01/01/13 to 12/31/13 Thomas Schneider $ 193,240 5.250 % 5.750 % $ 188,156 $ 5,084 $ 10,024 Edward Mervine $ 100,478 3.375 3.875 $ 88,651 $ 11,827 $ 3,209 James Dowd $ 126,840 2.625 3.125 $ 122,912 $ 3,927 $ 5,866 Chris Burritt $ 85,630 3.250 3.750 $ 65,833 $ 19,797 $ 2,490 Lloyd Stemple $ 264,123 2.750 3.250 $ 248,878 $ 15,246 $ 7,072 117 Table of Contents Name Largest Aggregate Balance 01/01/12 to 12/31/12 Interest Rate Non- employee Interest Rate Principal Balance 12/31/12 Principal Paid 01/01/12 to 12/31/12 Interest Paid 01/01/12 to 12/31/12 Thomas Schneider $ 198,065 5.250 % 5.750 % $ 193,240 $ 4,825 $ 10,283 Edward Mervine $ 111,913 3.375 3.875 $ 100,478 $ 11,435 $ 3,601 James Dowd $ — — — $ — $ — $ — Chris Burritt $ 104,794 3.250 3.750 $ 85,630 $ 19,165 $ 3,122 Lloyd Stemple $ 276,231 2.750 3.250 $ 264,123 $ 12,108 $ 8,961 Name Largest Aggregate Balance 01/01/11 to 12/31/11 Interest Rate Non- employee Interest Rate Principal Balance 12/31/11 Principal Paid 01/01/11 to 12/31/11 Interest Paid 01/01/11 to 12/31/11 Thomas Schneider $ 202,644 5.250 % 5.750 % $ 198,065 $ 4,579 $ 10,530 Edward Mervine $ 122,969 3.375 3.875 $ 111,913 $ 11,056 $ 3,980 James Dowd $ — — — $ — $ — $ — Chris Burritt $ 123,347 3.250 3.750 $ 104,794 $ 18,552 $ 3,734 Lloyd Stemple $ — — — $ — $ — $ — These loans neither involve more than the normal risk of collection nor present other unfavorable features. Loans made to directors or executive officers, including any modification of such loans, must be approved by a majority of disinterested members of the board of directors. The interest rate on loans to directors and officers is the same as that offered to other employees. Since January 1, 2011, other than described above, and except for loans to directors made in the ordinary course of business that were made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable loans with persons not related to Pathfinder Bank and for which management believes neither involve more than the normal risk of collection nor present other unfavorable features, we and our subsidiaries have not had any transaction or series of transactions, or business relationships, nor are any such transactions or relationships proposed, in which the amount involved exceeds $120,000 and in which our directors, executive officers or 5% or more shareholders have a direct or indirect material interest. Director Compensation Each non-employee director receives an annual retainer of $13,100, a meeting fee of $700 for each Board meeting attended and $500 for each committee meeting attended. The Board Chair receives an additional retainer of $12,000. The Audit Committee Chairman receives an additional retainer of $6,000 and the chairman of all other committees receives an additional $100 for each committee meeting in which they serve in the capacity of committee chairman. Employee directors do not receive a retainer or monthly meeting fees. We paid a total of $289,908 in director fees during the year ended December 31, 2013. Set forth below is director compensation for each of our non-employee directors for the year ended December 31, 2013. 118 Table of Contents DIRECTOR COMPENSATION TABLE FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2013 Name Fees earned or paid in cash ($) Stock Options ($) (1) Non-qualified deferred compensation earnings ($) (2) Total ($) David A. Ayoub 41,201 30,400 — 71,601 William A. Barclay 33,601 — — 33,601 Chris R. Burritt 31,901 — 15,989 47,890 John P. Funiciello 32,101 30,400 — 62,501 George P. Joyce 36,901 — 4,392 41,293 Lloyd “Buddy” Stemple 27,801 — 2,130 29,931 Janette Resnick (3) 51,901 — 512 52,413 L. William Nelson (4) 34,501 — 10,296 44,797 (1) Represents the grant date fair value of the stock option awards received by each director under the Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. 2010 Stock Option Plan. The grant date fair value has been computed in accordance with the stock-based compensation accounting rules (FASB ASC Topic 718). A discussion of the assumptions used in calculating the award values may be found at Note 13 of our notes to our consolidated financial statements set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013. All stock options in this column vest at a rate of 20% per year, commencing on June 23, 2012, for all directors except Mr. Ayoub and Mr. Funiciello whose options will commence vesting on July 25, 2014. At December 31, 2013, there are 30,000 stock options outstanding for active directors. (2) The non-qualified deferred compensation earnings represents the above market or preferential earnings on compensation that was deferred by each named director to the Trustee Deferred Fee Plan. (3) Ms. Resnick, the former Chairman of the Board, retired as of December 31, 2013. (4) Mr. Nelson, a former member of the Board, retired as of December 31, 2013. (5) No named director received perquisites and any other personal benefits that exceeded, in the aggregate, $10,000. Director fees are reviewed annually by the Compensation Committee for recommendation to the Board of Directors. The committee reviews relevant peer group data similar to that used in the executive compensation review. The Committee believes that an appropriate compensation is critical to attracting, retaining and motivating directors who have the qualities necessary to direct the Company. Trustee (Director) Deferred Fee Plan . Pathfinder Bank maintains the Trustee Deferred Fee Plan for members of the Board of Pathfinder Bank, Pathfinder-Federal, or Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC. A participant in the plan is eligible to defer, on a monthly basis, up to 100% of the monthly fees the participant would be entitled to receive each month. Upon the earlier of the date on which the participant’s services are terminated or the participant attains his or her benefit age (as designated by the participant upon joining the plan), the participant will be entitled his or her deferred compensation benefit, which will commence on the date the participant attains his or her elected benefit age and will be payable in monthly installments for 10 years. In the event of a change in control of Pathfinder-Federal or Pathfinder Bank followed by the participant’s termination of services within 36 months thereafter, the participant will receive a deferred compensation benefit calculated as if the participant had made elective deferrals through his or her benefit age. Such benefit will commence on the date the participant attains his or her benefit age and will be payable in monthly installments for 10 years. If the participant dies after commencement of payment of the deferred compensation benefit, Pathfinder Bank will pay the participant’s beneficiary the remaining payments that were due. In the event the participant becomes disabled, the participant will be entitled to receive the deferred compensation benefit as of the date of the participant’s disability. Such benefit will commence within 30 days following the date on which the participant is determined to be disabled and will be payable in monthly installments for 10 years. If the participant dies prior to the commencement of payment of the deferred compensation benefit, the participant’s beneficiary will be entitled to receive a survivor benefit. Executive Compensation Salary increases for Pathfinder Bank’s Named Executive Officers, including Mr. Schneider, for 2013 and 2012 are reflected in the Summary Compensation Table. The following table shows the compensation of Thomas W. Schneider, our principal executive officer, and the two most highly compensated other executive officers (“Named Executive Officers”) that received total compensation of $100,000 or more during the past fiscal year for 119 Table of Contents services to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and Principal Position Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) (1) Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) (2) All Other Compensation ($)(3) Total ($) Thomas W. Schneider 2013 283,000 42,504 1,744 42,941 370,189 President and Chief 2012 270,000 29,318 1,460 80,814 381,592 Executive Officer Edward A. Mervine 2013 167,000 19,576 — 14,404 200,980 Senior Vice President, General 2012 161,000 14,476 — 10,738 186,214 Counsel and Secretary James A. Dowd 2013 160,000 17,798 2,440 11,270 191,508 Senior Vice President and Chief 2012 140,000 13,211 1,876 6,120 161,207 Financial Officer (1) Current year performance-based bonus awards were paid during February 2014. The following bonuses were distributed to the Named executives: Thomas W. Schneider $39,562, Edward A. Mervine $17,903 and James A. Dowd $18,964. (2) The non-qualified deferred compensation earnings represents the above market or preferential earnings on compensation that was deferred by each Named Executive Officer. (3) All other compensation represents the following for each Named Executive Officer (“NEO”): Named Executive Year Employee Savings Plan Company Contribution Automobile Expense Reimbursement Country Club Dues Life Insurance Premium Total ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) Thomas W. Schneider 2013 15,804 24,013 2,703 421 42,941 Edward A. Mervine 2013 13,983 — — 421 14,404 James A. Dowd 2013 10,849 — — 421 11,270 Employment Agreements . The Company and its operating subsidiary , Pathfinder Bank, entered into employment agreements with Thomas W. Schneider and Edward A Mervine. The agreements have an initial term of three years. Unless notice of non-renewal is provided, the agreements renew annually. The agreements provide for the payment of a base salary, which will be reviewed at least annually, and which may be increased. Under the agreements, the 2014 base salaries for Messrs. Schneider and Mervine are $283,000 and $172,000, respectively. In addition to the base salary, each agreement provides for, among other things, participation in employee and welfare benefit plans and incentive compensation and bonus plans applicable to senior executive employees, and reimbursement of business expenses. The executives are entitled to severance payments and benefits in the event of termination of employment under specified circumstances. In the event their employment is terminated for reasons other than for cause, disability or retirement, or in the event they resign during the term of the agreement following: (1) the failure to elect or re-elect or to appoint or re-appoint the executive to his executive position; (2) a material change in the executives’ functions, duties, or responsibilities, which change would cause the executives’ position to become one of lesser responsibility, importance or scope; (3) the liquidation or dissolution of Pathfinder-Federal or Pathfinder Bank, other than liquidations or dissolutions that are caused by reorganizations that do not affect the status of the executives; 120 Table of Contents (4) a relocation of the executives’ principal place of employment by more than 30 miles from its location as of the date of the agreements; (5) a material breach of the agreements by Pathfinder-Federal or Pathfinder Bank; or (6) solely with respect to Mr. Schneider, a failure to be nominated, elected or re-elected to the Board, the executives will be entitled to a severance payment equal to three times the sum of the their base salary and the highest rate of bonus awarded to them during the prior three years, payable as a single cash lump sum distribution within 30 days following their date of termination. The executives will also become fully vested in and entitled to benefits granted pursuant to any stock option plan, recognition and retention plan and nonqualified defined compensation plan, if any. In addition, Pathfinder-Federal or Pathfinder Bank will continue to provide the executives with continued life insurance and non-taxable medical and dental coverage for the remaining term of the employment agreement. If the executives voluntarily resign (without the occurrence of the specified circumstances listed above) from their employment with Pathfinder-Federal and Pathfinder Bank, the Board will have the discretion to provide severance pay to the executives, provided, however, that such amount does not exceed three times the average of the executives’ three preceding years’ base salary, including bonuses, any other cash compensation paid to the executives during such years, and the amount of contributions made on behalf of the executives to any employee benefit plans maintained by Pathfinder-Federal or Pathfinder Bank during such years. Upon the occurrence of a change in control of Pathfinder-Federal or Pathfinder Bank (as defined in the employment agreement) followed by the executives’ termination of employment for any reason, other than for cause, the executives will be entitled to receive a single cash lump distribution equal to 2.99 times their average base salary over the previous five years, including bonuses, any other cash compensation paid to them during such years, and the amount of contributions made on behalf of the executives to any employee benefit plans maintained by Pathfinder-Federal or Pathfinder Bank during such years. The executives will also become fully vested in and entitled to benefits granted pursuant to any stock option plan, recognition and retention plan and nonqualified defined compensation plan, if any. In addition, Pathfinder-Federal or Pathfinder Bank will continue to provide the executives with continued life insurance and non-taxable medical and dental coverage for 36 months. In the event payments made to the executives include an “excess parachute payment,” as defined in Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code, the payments will be reduced by the minimum dollar amount necessary to avoid this result. A conversion of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC from mutual to stock in a second-step conversion would not be considered a change of control. Should the executives become disabled, they would be entitled to receive their base salary for one year. The payment of base salary will commence within 30 days from the date the executive is determined to be disabled, and will be payable in equal monthly installments. Upon the executives’ voluntary resignation from employment (without the occurrence of the specified circumstances listed above) the executives agree not to compete with Pathfinder-Federal or Pathfinder Bank for one year following resignation. Change of Control Agreements. Pathfinder-Federal and Pathfinder Bank have entered into a Change of Control Agreement with James A. Dowd and two other executive officers which provide certain benefits in the event the covered executive is “dismissed” from employment within a twelve month period following a change of control of Pathfinder-Federal or Pathfinder Bank. A conversion of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC from mutual to stock form would not be considered a change of control under the change of control severance agreement. Although “dismissal” does not include a termination for cause or voluntary termination, it does include a voluntary resignation as a result of: · a material change in the executive’s functional duties or responsibilities which would cause the executive’s position to become one of lesser responsibility, importance of scope. 121 Table of Contents · a relocation of the executive’s principal place of employment by more than 30 miles from its location as of the date of the agreement. · a material reduction in the benefits to the executive as of the date of the agreement, provided the executive gives written notice to Pathfinder-Federal or Pathfinder Bank within 90 days of the initial occurrence of one of these events and Pathfinder-Federal and Pathfinder Bank have at least 30 days to cure the event. In the event of such dismissal, the executive, or his or her beneficiary should the executive die subsequent to the dismissal, is entitled to a lump sum payment equal to the executive’s most recent annual base salary plus bonuses and any other cash compensation paid to the executive within the most recent twelve (12) month period. The executive is also entitled to continued life, medical and dental coverage for a period of twelve months subsequent to the dismissal, and will become fully vested in any stock option plans, deferred compensation plans, or restricted stock plans in which he or she participates. Defined Contribution Supplemental Retirement Income Agreements . Pathfinder Bank adopted a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the “SERP”), effective January 1, 2014. The SERP benefits certain key senior executives of Pathfinder Bank who are selected by the Board to participate, including our Named Executive Officers, Thomas W. Schneider, Edward A. Mervine and James A. Dowd. The SERP is intended to provide a benefit from Pathfinder Bank upon retirement, death, disability or voluntary or involuntary termination of service (other than “for cause”), subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. Accordingly, the SERP obligates Pathfinder Bank to make a contribution to each executive’s account on the last business day of each calendar year. The award contribution for Messrs. Schneider, Mervine and Dowd will be $51,376, $25,000 and $25,000. In addition, Pathfinder Bank, may, but is not required to, make additional discretionary contributions to the executive’s accounts from time to time. All executives currently participating in the plan, including the Named Executive Officers, are fully vested in Pathfinder Bank’s contribution to the plan. In the event the executive is terminated involuntarily, except for cause, or resigns for good reason within 24 months following a change in control, Pathfinder Bank is required to make additional annual contributions the lesser of: (1) three years or (2) the number of years remaining until the executive’s benefit age, subject to potential reduction to avoid an excess parachute payment under Code Section 280G. In the event of the executive’s death, disability or termination within 24 months after a change in control, the executive’s account will be paid in a lump sum to the executive or his beneficiary, as applicable. In the event executive is entitled to a benefit from the SERP due to retirement or other termination of employment, the benefit will be paid either in a lump sum or in 10 annual installments as detailed in his or her participant agreement. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan . Pathfinder Bank maintains an Executive Deferred Compensation Plan for a select group of management employees, including our Named Executive Officers. A participant in the plan is eligible to defer, on a monthly basis, a percentage of compensation received from Pathfinder Bank, up to $750. The participant’s deferred compensation will be held by Pathfinder Bank in a grantor trust subject to the claims of Pathfinder Bank’s creditors in the event of Pathfinder Bank’s insolvency. Upon the earlier of the date on which the participant terminates employment with Pathfinder Bank or attains his or her benefit age (as designated by the participant upon joining the plan), the participant will be entitled to his or her deferred compensation benefit, which will commence on the date the participant attains his or her elected benefit age and will be payable in monthly installments for 10 years. In the event of a change in control of Pathfinder-Federal or Pathfinder Bank followed by the participant’s termination of employment within 36 months thereafter, the participant will receive a deferred compensation benefit calculated as if the participant had made elective deferrals through his or her benefit age. Such benefit will commence on the date the participant attains his or her benefit age and will be payable in monthly installments for 10 years. If the participant dies after commencement of payment of the deferred compensation benefit, Pathfinder Bank will pay the participant’s beneficiary the remaining payments that were due. 122 Table of Contents In the event the participant becomes disabled, the participant will be entitled to receive the deferred compensation benefit as of the participant’s date of disability. Such benefit will commence within 30 days following the date on which the participant is disabled and will be payable in monthly installments for 10 years. If the participant dies prior to the commencement of payment of the deferred compensation benefit, the participant’s beneficiary will be entitled to receive a survivor benefit. Defined Benefit Plan . Pathfinder Bank maintains a tax-qualified noncontributory defined benefit plan (“Retirement Plan”). All salaried employees age 21 or older who have worked for Pathfinder Bank for at least one year and have been credited with 1,000 or more hours of employment with Pathfinder Bank during the year were, prior to the plan freeze described below, eligible to accrue benefits under the Retirement Plan. Pathfinder Bank contributes annually to the Retirement Plan an amount necessary to satisfy the actuarially determined minimum funding requirements in accordance with the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 as amended (“ERISA”). At the normal retirement age of 65, the Retirement Plan is designed to provide a life annuity. The retirement benefit provided is equal to 1.5% of a participant’s average monthly compensation for periods after May 1, 2004, through the plan freeze date described below and 2.0% of the participant’s average monthly compensation for credited service prior to May 1, 2004 based on the average of the three consecutive years during the last 10 years of employment which provides the highest monthly average compensation multiplied by the participant’s years of credited service (not to exceed 30 years) to the normal retirement date. Retirement benefits also are payable upon retirement due to early and late retirement. Benefits also are paid from the Retirement Plan upon a Participant’s disability or death. A reduced benefit is payable upon early retirement at or after age 60. Upon termination of employment other than as specified above, a participant who was employed by Pathfinder Bank for a minimum of five years is eligible to receive his or her accrued benefit reduced for early retirement or a deferred retirement benefit commencing on such participant’s normal retirement date. Benefits are payable in various annuity forms. On December 31, 2013, the market value of the Retirement Plan trust fund was approximately $12.7 million. The Company was not required to make a contribution to the Plan in 2013. The Company “froze” the Retirement Plan effective June 30, 2012 (“Plan Freeze Date”). After the Plan Freeze Date, no employee is permitted to commence or recommence participation in the Plan and no further benefits accrue to any plan participants. Employment service after the Plan Freeze Date does continue to be recognized for vesting purposes, however. Employee Savings Plan . Pathfinder Bank maintains an Employee Savings Plan which is a qualified, tax-exempt profit sharing plan with a “cash or deferred” feature that is tax-qualified under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code (the “401(k) Plan”). All employees who have attained age 21 and have completed 90 days of employment during which they worked at least 1,000 hours are eligible to participate. Participants may elect to defer a percentage of their compensation each year instead of receiving that amount in cash, in an amount up to 75% of their compensation to the 401(k) Plan, provided that the amount deferred does not exceed $17,500 for 2014. In addition, for participants who are age 50 or older by the end of any taxable year, the participant may elect to defer additional amounts (called “catch-up contributions”) to the 401(k) Plan. The “catch-up contributions” may be made regardless of any other limitations on the amount that a participant may defer to the 401(k) Plan. The maximum “catch-up contribution” that a participant can make in 2014 is $5,500. For these purposes, “compensation” includes total compensation (including salary reduction contributions made under the 401(k) Plan or the flexible benefits plan sponsored by Pathfinder Bank), but does not include compensation in excess of $260,000 for 2014. Pathfinder Bank generally provides a match of 100% of the first 3% of the participating employees salary, plus 50% of the next 3% of the participating employees salary. All employee contributions and earnings thereon are fully and immediately vested. All employer matching contributions vest at the rate of 20% per year beginning at the end of a participant’s second year of service with Pathfinder Bank until a participant is 100% vested after six years of service. Participants also will vest in employer matching contributions when they reach the normal retirement age of 65 or later, or upon death or disability regardless of years of service. 123 Table of Contents To partially offset the impact on employees due to the Retirement Plan freeze discussed above, the Company, on January 1, 2013, began making a 3% safe harbor contribution to all eligible participants in addition to the match contributions described above. 401(k) Plan benefits will be paid to each participant in a lump sum. For the plan year ended December 31, 2013, Pathfinder Bank made a contribution in the amount of $228,000 to the 401(k) Plan. In addition, the Company made a $173,000 safe harbor contribution to the plan in 2013. In connection with the offering, Pathfinder-Federal intends to allow participants in the 401(k) Plan to purchase New Pathfinder common stock with their 401(k) Plan account balances. Employee Stock Ownership Plan. Pathfinder Bank maintains an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (“ESOP”). Employees who are at least 21 years old with at least one year of employment with Pathfinder Bank are eligible to participate. The ESOP had borrowed funds from Pathfinder-Federal and used those funds to purchase shares of common stock for the plan. Collateral for the loan was the common stock purchased by the ESOP. The initial loan was fully repaid in 2005. The common stock that was purchased with the loan was held in a suspense account and allocated to participants’ accounts in the ESOP as the loan was repaid. On April 6, 2011, Pathfinder-Federal received regulatory approval to sell up to 125,000 additional shares of common stock to the ESOP, pursuant to a loan obtained from a third party lender to purchase the shares. Pathfinder Bank makes annual contributions to the ESOP which contributions are used by the ESOP to repay the third-party loan. Benefits under the ESOP become vested in an ESOP participant at the rate of 20% per year, starting upon an employee’s completion of one year of credited service, and will be fully vested upon completion of five years of credited service. Participants’ interest in their account under the ESOP will also fully vest in the event of termination of service due to their normal retirement, death, disability, or upon a change in control (as defined in the plan). Vested benefits will be payable generally upon the participants’ termination of employment with Pathfinder Bank, and will be paid in the form of common stock, or to the extent participants’ accounts contain cash, benefits will be paid in cash. However, participants have the right to elect to receive their benefits entirely in the form of cash or common stock, or a combination of both. In connection with the offering, the ESOP intends to purchase up to 4% of the shares issued in the offering by obtaining a loan from New Pathfinder which will be used to both refinance the remaining outstanding balance on the third party loan and purchase the additional shares. The ESOP loan from New Pathfinder will have a ten year term and will have a fixed rate of interest equal to the prime rate at the closing of the offering. Stock Option Plan . The Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. 2010 Stock Option Plan (the “Stock Option Plan”) was approved at our 2010 annual meeting. The Stock Option Plan authorizes the issuance of up to 150,000 shares of common stock pursuant to grants of stock option awards to our senior executive officers and outside directors. The options vest over 5 years (20% per year for each year of the participant’s service), have an exercise price of $9.00, (the market price on the date of the grant) and have an exercise period of 10 years from the date of the grant, June 23, 2011. 124 Table of Contents Outstanding Equity Awards at Year-End . The following table sets forth information with respect to our outstanding equity awards as of December 31, 2013 for the Named Executive Officers. OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT DECEMBER 31, 2013 Option Awards Name Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable (1) Equity Incentive Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options Option Exercise Price ($) Option Expiration Date Thomas A. Schneider 8,400 12,600 — 9.00 7/23/2021 Edward A. Mervine 5,400 8,100 — 9.00 7/23/2021 James A. Dowd 5,400 8,100 — 9.00 7/23/2021 (1) All stock options in this column vest at a rate of 20% per year, commencing on June 23, 2012. Benefits to be Considered Following Completion of the Conversion Following the stock offering, we intend to adopt one or more new stock-based benefit plans that will provide for grants of stock options and restricted common stock awards. If adopted within 12 months following the completion of the conversion, the aggregate number of shares reserved for the exercise of stock options or available for stock awards under the stock-based benefit plans would be limited to 10% and 4%, respectively, of the shares sold in the stock offering. The stock-based benefit plans will not be established sooner than six months after the stock offering, and if adopted within one year after the stock offering, the plans must be approved by a majority of the votes eligible to be cast by our stockholders. If stock-based benefit plans are established more than one year after the stock offering, they must be approved by a majority of votes cast by our stockholders. The following additional restrictions would apply to our stock-based benefit plans only if such plans are adopted within one year after the stock offering: · non-employee directors in the aggregate may not receive more than 30% of the options and restricted stock awards authorized under the plans; · any one non-employee director may not receive more than 5% of the options and restricted stock awards authorized under the plans; · any officer or employee may not receive more than 25% of the options and restricted stock awards authorized under the plans; · any tax-qualified employee stock benefit plans and restricted stock plan, in the aggregate, may not acquire more than 10% of the shares sold in the offering, unless Pathfinder Bank has tangible capital of 10% or more, in which case tax-qualified employee stock benefit plans and restricted stock plans may acquire up to 12% of the shares sold in the offering; · the options and restricted stock awards may not vest more rapidly than 20% per year, beginning on the first anniversary of stockholder approval of the plans; · accelerated vesting is not permitted except for death, disability or upon a change in control of Pathfinder Bank or New Pathfinder; and · our executive officers or directors must exercise or forfeit their options in the event that Pathfinder Bank becomes critically undercapitalized, is subject to enforcement action or receives a capital directive. 125 Table of Contents We have not determined whether we will present stock-based benefit plans for stockholder approval prior to or more than 12 months after the completion of the conversion. In the event either federal or state regulators change their regulations or policies regarding stock-based benefit plans, including any regulations or policies restricting the size of awards and vesting of benefits as described above, the restrictions described above may not be applicable. We may obtain the shares needed for our stock-based benefit plans by issuing additional shares of common stock from authorized but unissued shares or through stock repurchases. The actual value of the shares awarded under stock-based benefit plans would be based in part on the price of New Pathfinder’s common stock at the time the shares are awarded. The stock-based benefit plans are subject to stockholder approval, and cannot be implemented until at least six months after the offering. The following table presents the total value of all shares of restricted stock that would be available for issuance under the stock-based benefit plans, assuming the shares are awarded when the market price of our common stock ranges from $8.00 per share to $14.00 per share. Share Price 68,000 Shares Awarded at Minimum of Offering Range 80,000 Shares Awarded at Midpoint of Offering Range 92,000 Shares Awarded at Maximum of Offering Range 105,800 Shares Awarded at Adjusted Maximum of Offering Range $ 8.00 $ 544,000 $ 640,000 $ 736,000 $ 846,400 10.00 680,000 800,000 920,000 1,058,000 12.00 816,000 960,000 1,104,000 1,269,600 14.00 952,000 1,120,000 1,288,000 1,481,200 The grant-date fair value of the options granted under the stock-based benefit plans will be based in part on the price of shares of common stock of New Pathfinder at the time the options are granted. The value also will depend on the various assumptions utilized in the option pricing model ultimately adopted. The following table presents the total estimated value of the options to be available for grant under the stock-based benefit plans, assuming the market price and exercise price for the stock options are equal and the range of market prices for the shares is $8.00 per share to $14.00 per share. The Black-Scholes option pricing model provides an estimate only of the fair value of the options, and the actual value of the options may differ significantly from the value set forth in this table. Exercise Price Grant-Date Fair Value Per Option 170,000 Options at Minimum of Offering Range 200,000 Options at Midpoint of Offering Range 230,000 Options at Maximum of Offering Range 264,500 Options at Adjusted Maximum of Offering Range $ 8.00 $ 2.02 $ 343,400 $ 404,000 $ 464,600 $ 534,290 10.00 2.52 428,400 504,000 579,600 666,540 12.00 3.02 513,400 604,000 694,600 798,790 14.00 3.53 600,100 706,000 811,900 933,685 The tables presented above are provided for informational purposes only. There can be no assurance that our stock price will not trade below $10.00 per share. Before you make an investment decision, we urge you to read this prospectus carefully, including, but not limited to, the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 19. 126 Table of Contents BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF COMMON STOCK The following table provides the beneficial ownership of shares of common stock of Pathfinder-Federal held by our directors and executive officers, individually and as a group, and all individuals known to management to own more than 5% of our common stock as of [Stockholder Record Date]. Unless otherwise indicated, each of the named individuals has sole voting power and sole investment power with respect to the number of shares shown and has not pledged any shares of common stock as security for a loan. Name of Beneficial Owner Total Shares Beneficially Owned (5) Percent of All Common Stock Outstanding David A. Ayoub 750 * William A. Barclay (1) 21,190 * Chris R. Burritt (2) 3,700 * John P. Funiciello 1,740 * Adam C. Gagas (3) 83,816 3.2 % George P. Joyce (4) 39,248 1.5 % John F. Sharkey, III — * Lloyd “Buddy” Stemple 11,824 * Thomas W. Schneider 21,676 * James A. Dowd 14,246 * Edward A. Mervine 11,568 * Melissa A. Miller 9,766 * Daniel R. Phillips 2,771 * Ronald Tascarella 16,854 * All directors and executive officers as a group (14 persons) 239,149 9.12 % Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC 1,583,239 60.4 % 214 West First Street Oswego, New York 13126 Pathfinder Bank 196,019 7.47 % Employee Stock Ownership Plan Trust Trustee: Pentegra Trust Company c/o Pentegra Services, Inc. 2 Enterprise Drive, Suite 408 Shelton, CT 06484 * Less than 1%. (1) Mr. Barclay has sole voting and investment power over 7,000 shares and custodial voting power over 14,190 shares. (2) Mr. Burritt has sole voting and investment power over 3,550 shares and voting power over 150 shares. (3) Mr. Gagas has sole voting and investment power over 4,250 shares and voting power over 79,238 shares. (4) Mr. Joyce has sole voting and investment power over 7,864 shares and voting power over 31,566 shares. (5) ESOP shares allocated to executive officers are also included in their respective totals. 127 Table of Contents SUBSCRIPTIONS BY DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The table below sets forth, for each of New Pathfinder’s directors and executive officers, and for all of these individuals as a group, the following information: (i) the number of exchange shares to be held upon completion of the conversion, based upon their beneficial ownership of Pathfinder-Federal common stock as of [Stockholder Record Date]; (ii) the proposed purchases of subscription shares, assuming sufficient shares of common stock are available to satisfy their subscriptions; and (iii) the total shares of common stock to be held upon completion of the conversion. In each case, it is assumed that subscription shares are sold at the minimum of the offering range. See “The Conversion and Offering—Additional Limitations on Common Stock Purchases.” Federal regulations prohibit our directors and officers from selling the shares they purchase in the offering for one year after the date of purchase. Subscriptions by management through our 401(k) plan are included in the proposed purchases set forth below and will be counted as part of the maximum number of shares such individuals may subscribe for in the stock offering and as part of the maximum number of shares directors and officers may purchase in the stock offering. Number of Proposed Purchases of Stock in the Offering (2) Total Common Stock to be Held at Minimum of Offering Range (3) Name of Beneficial Owner Exchange Shares to Be Held (1) Number of Shares Amount Number of Shares Percentage of Shares Outstanding David A. Ayoub 750 10,000 100,000 10,791 * William A. Barclay 21,190 25,000 250,000 47,359 1.7 Chris R. Burritt 3,700 20,000 200,000 23,904 * John P. Funiciello 1,740 20,000 200,000 21,836 * Adam C. Gagas 83,816 12,000 120,000 100,442 3.6 George P. Joyce 39,248 2,500 25,000 43,914 1.6 Thomas W. Schneider 21,676 25,000 250,000 47,872 1.7 John F. Sharkey, III ― 20,000 200,000 20,000 * Lloyd “Buddy” Stemple 11,824 25,000 250,000 37,476 1.3 James A. Dowd 14,246 20,000 200,000 35,032 1.3 Melissa A. Miller 9,766 5,000 50,000 15,305 * Edward A. Mervine 11,568 10,000 100,000 22,206 * Ronald Tascarella 16,854 25,000 250,000 42,784 1.5 Daniel R. Phillips 2,771 7,000 70,000 9,923 * Total for Directors and Executive Officers 239,149 226,500 $ 2,265,000 478,844 17.1 % * Less than 1%. (1) Based on information presented in “Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock,” and assuming an exchange ratio of 1.0552 at the minimum of the offering range. (2) Includes proposed subscriptions, if any, by associates. (3) At the maximum of the offering range, directors and executive officers would beneficially own 567,909 shares, or 15.0% of our outstanding shares of common stock when including stock options exercisable within 60 days of [Stockholder Record Date]. 128 Table of Contents THE CONVERSION AND OFFERING The boards of directors of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC and Pathfinder-Federal have approved the plan of conversion and reorganization. The plan of conversion and reorganization must also be approved by the depositors of Pathfinder Bank and the stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal. A special meeting of depositors and a special meeting of stockholders have been called for this purpose. The Federal Reserve Board has approved the application that includes the plan of conversion and reorganization; however, such approval does not constitute a recommendation or endorsement of the plan of conversion and reorganization by the Federal Reserve Board. General The boards of directors of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC and Pathfinder-Federal initially adopted the plan of conversion and reorganization on April 8, 2014. Pursuant to the plan of conversion and reorganization, our organization will convert from the mutual holding company form of organization to the fully stock form. Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, the mutual holding company parent of Pathfinder-Federal, will be merged into Pathfinder-Federal, and Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC will no longer exist. Pathfinder-Federal, which owns 100% of Pathfinder Bank, will be merged into a new Maryland corporation named Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. As part of the conversion, the 60.4% ownership interest of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC in Pathfinder-Federal will be offered for sale in the offering. When the conversion is completed, all of the outstanding common stock of Pathfinder Bank will be owned by New Pathfinder, and all of the outstanding common stock of New Pathfinder will be owned by public stockholders. Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC and Pathfinder-Federal will cease to exist. A diagram of our corporate structure before and after the conversion is set forth in the “Summary” section of this prospectus. Under the plan of conversion and reorganization, at the completion of the conversion and offering, each share of Pathfinder-Federal common stock owned by persons other than Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC will be converted automatically into the right to receive shares of New Pathfinder common stock determined pursuant to an exchange ratio. The exchange ratio will ensure that immediately after the exchange of existing shares of Pathfinder-Federal for new shares of New Pathfinder, the public stockholders will own the same aggregate percentage of shares of common stock of New Pathfinder that they owned in Pathfinder-Federal immediately prior to the conversion, as adjusted for the assets of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, and excluding any shares they purchased in the offering and their receipt of cash paid in lieu of fractional shares. See “—Impact of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC’s Assets On Minority Stock Ownership.” We intend to retain between $7.1 million and $11.4 million of the net proceeds of the offering and to invest between $7.8 million and $12.5 million of the net proceeds in Pathfinder Bank. The conversion will be consummated only upon the issuance of at least the minimum number of shares of our common stock offered pursuant to the plan of conversion and reorganization. The plan of conversion and reorganization provides that we will offer shares of common stock for sale in the subscription offering to eligible account holders, our tax-qualified employee benefit plans, including our employee stock ownership plan and 401(k) plans, supplemental eligible account holders and other depositors. In addition, we may offer common stock for sale in a community offering to members of the general public, with a preference given in the following order: (i) Natural persons (including trusts of natural persons) residing in Oswego, Onondaga, Madison, Oneida, Cortland, Lewis, Jefferson, Cayuga and Wayne Counties, New York; (ii) Pathfinder-Federal’s public stockholders as of [Stockholder Record Date]; and (iii) the general public. We have the right to accept or reject, in whole or in part, any orders to purchase shares of the common stock received in the community offering. The community offering may begin at the same time, during or after the 129 Table of Contents subscription offering and must be completed within 45 days after the completion of the subscription offering unless otherwise extended by the Federal Reserve Board. See “—Community Offering.” We also may offer for sale shares of common stock not purchased in the subscription or community offerings through a syndicated offering in which Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. will be sole book-running manager. See “—Syndicated Offering” herein. We determined the number of shares of common stock to be offered in the offering based upon an independent valuation appraisal of the estimated pro forma market value of New Pathfinder. All shares of common stock to be sold in the offering will be sold at $10.00 per share. Investors will not be charged a commission to purchase shares of common stock in the offering. The independent valuation will be updated and the final number of the shares of common stock to be issued in the offering will be determined at the completion of the offering. See “—Stock Pricing and Number of Shares to be Issued” for more information as to the determination of the estimated pro forma market value of the common stock. The following is a brief summary of the conversion and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the provisions of the plan of conversion and reorganization. A copy of the plan of conversion and reorganization is available for inspection at each branch office of Pathfinder Bank. The plan of conversion and reorganization is also filed as an exhibit to Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC’s application to convert from mutual to stock form of which this prospectus is a part, copies of which may be obtained from the Federal Reserve Board. The plan of conversion and reorganization is also filed as an exhibit to the registration statement we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, of which this prospectus is a part. Copies of the registration statement may be obtained from the Securities and Exchange Commission or online at the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website, www.sec.gov . See “Where You Can Find Additional Information.” Reasons for the Conversion and Offering Our primary reasons for converting to the fully public stock form of ownership and undertaking the stock offering are to: · Support organic growth. Pathfinder Bank has experienced consistent organic deposit and loan growth over the past 6 years as we have expanded our geographical footprint, increased our emphasis on growing our commercial loan and deposit relationships, and leveraged certain market opportunities, including obtaining $13.0 million in capital through SBLF. At December 31, 2009, our total assets and total deposits were $371.7 million and $296.8 million, respectively, compared to our total assets and total deposits of $525.8 million and $438.4 million, respectively, at March 31, 2014. The conversion will enable us to support additional deposit and loan growth as we expand into the Syracuse market area with the opening of our new business banking office in the third quarter of 2014. · Improve the liquidity of our shares of common stock . The greater number of shares that will be outstanding after completion of the conversion and offering is expected to result in a more liquid and active market for New Pathfinder common stock than has existed for Pathfinder-Federal common stock. A more liquid and active market will make it easier for our stockholders to buy and sell our common stock and will give us greater flexibility in implementing capital management strategies. · Enhance our regulatory capital position. A strong capital position is essential to achieving our long-term objective of building stockholder value. While Pathfinder Bank exceeds all regulatory capital requirements, the proceeds from the offering will greatly strengthen our capital position and enable us to support our planned growth and expansion. Minimum regulatory capital requirements will also increase in the future under recently adopted regulations, and compliance with these new requirements will be essential to the continued implementation of our business strategy. 130 Table of Contents · Eliminate the uncertainties associated with the mutual holding company structure under financial reform legislation . Under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or Dodd-Frank Act, the Federal Reserve Board became the federal regulator of all savings and loan holding companies and mutual holding companies. This has resulted in changes in regulations applicable to Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC and Pathfinder-Federal, particularly changes with respect to the waiver of dividends by Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC which is a key component of our mutual holding company structure and impacts the value of Pathfinder-Federal’s common stock. The Federal Reserve Board currently requires “grandfathered” mutual holding companies, like Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, to obtain depositor approval and comply with other procedural requirements prior to waiving dividends, which makes dividend waivers more difficult and costly to obtain. As a result, Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC has not waived dividends declared on Pathfinder-Federal’s common stock during the past several years. Instead, all dividends declared by Pathfinder-Federal have been paid to Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, as well as our public stockholders, resulting in a tax liability for Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, fewer capital resources available to Pathfinder-Federal and Pathfinder Bank and a decrease in the exchange ratio for our public stockholders upon conversion to stock form. The conversion will eliminate our mutual holding company structure, and enable us to pay dividends to our stockholders without the limitations described above, subject to the customary legal, regulatory and financial considerations applicable to all financial institutions. See “Our Dividend Policy.” It also will eliminate the risk that the Federal Reserve Board will amend existing regulations applicable to the conversion process in a manner disadvantageous to our public stockholders or depositors. · Transition us to a more familiar and flexible organizational structure . The stock holding company structure is a more familiar form of organization, which we believe will make our common stock more appealing to investors, and will give us greater flexibility to access the capital markets through possible future equity and debt offerings, although we have no current plans, agreements or understandings regarding any additional securities offerings. · Facilitate future mergers and acquisitions . Although we do not currently have any understandings or agreements regarding any specific acquisition transaction, the stock holding company structure will give us greater flexibility to structure mergers and acquisitions of other financial institutions or financial services companies as opportunities arise, which will make us a more attractive and competitive bidder for such institutions. The additional capital raised in the offering also will enable us to consider larger merger transactions. In addition, although we intend to remain an independent financial institution, the stock holding company structure may make us a more attractive acquisition candidate for other institutions. Applicable regulations prohibit the acquisition of New Pathfinder for three years following completion of the conversion. Approvals Required The affirmative vote of a majority of the total votes eligible to be cast by the depositors of Pathfinder Bank is required to approve the plan of conversion and reorganization. By their approval of the plan of conversion and reorganization, the depositors of Pathfinder Bank will also be approving the merger of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC into Pathfinder-Federal. The affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of common stock of Pathfinder-Federal and the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock of Pathfinder-Federal held by the public stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal (stockholders other than Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC) also are required to approve the plan of conversion and reorganization. The plan of conversion and reorganization also must be approved by the Federal Reserve Board, which has approved the application that includes the plan of conversion and reorganization. The NYDFS must also approve the amendment to Pathfinder Bank’s Restated Organization Certificate to create a liquidation account. 131 Table of Contents Share Exchange Ratio for Current Common Stockholders Federal regulations provide that in a conversion of a mutual holding company to stock form, the public common stockholders will be entitled to exchange their shares for common stock of the new stock holding company, provided that the mutual holding company demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Federal Reserve Board that the basis for the exchange is fair and reasonable. At the completion of the conversion, each publicly held share of Pathfinder-Federal common stock will be converted automatically into the right to receive a number of shares of New Pathfinder common stock. The number of shares of common stock will be determined pursuant to the exchange ratio, which ensures that the public stockholders will own the same percentage of common stock in New Pathfinder after the conversion as they held in Pathfinder-Federal immediately prior to the conversion, exclusive of their purchase of additional shares of common stock in the offering and their receipt of cash in lieu of fractional exchange shares. The exchange ratio will not depend on the market value of Pathfinder-Federal common stock. The exchange ratio will be based on the percentage of Pathfinder-Federal common stock held by the public, the independent valuation of New Pathfinder prepared by RP Financial, LC., and the number of shares of common stock issued in the offering. The exchange ratio is expected to range from approximately 1.0552 shares for each publicly held share of Pathfinder-Federal at the minimum of the offering range to 1.6417 shares for each publicly held share of Pathfinder-Federal at the adjusted maximum of the offering range. The following table shows how the exchange ratio will adjust, based on the appraised value of New Pathfinder as of May 16, 2014, assuming public stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal own 39.2% of Pathfinder-Federal common stock immediately prior to the completion of the conversion. The table also shows how many shares of New Pathfinder a hypothetical owner of Pathfinder-Federal common stock would receive in the exchange for 100 shares of common stock owned at the completion of the conversion, depending on the number of shares issued in the offering. Shares to be Sold in This Offering Shares of New Pathfinder to be Issued for Shares of Pathfinder-Federal Total Shares of Common Stock to be Issued in Exchange and Exchange Equivalent Value of Shares Based Upon Offering Equivalent Pro Forma Tangible Book Value Per Exchanged Shares to be Received for 100 Existing Amount Percent Amount Percent Offering (1) Ratio (1) Price (2) Share (3) Shares (4) Minimum 1,700,000 60.8 % 1,097,324 39.2 % 2,797,324 1.0552 $ 10.55 $ 15.37 105 Midpoint 2,000,000 60.8 1,290,969 39.2 3,290,969 1.2414 12.41 16.42 124 Maximum 2,300,000 60.8 1,484,614 39.2 3,784,614 1.4276 14.28 17.46 142 Adjusted Maximum 2,645,000 60.8 1,707,306 39.2 4,352,306 1.6417 16.42 18.65 164 _________________ (1) Valuation and ownership ratios reflect dilutive impact of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC’s assets upon completion of the conversion. See “—Impact of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC’s Assets On Minority Stock Ownership” for more information regarding the dilutive impact of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC’s assets on the valuation and ownership ratios. (2) Represents the value of shares of New Pathfinder common stock to be received in the conversion by a holder of one share of Pathfinder-Federal, pursuant to the exchange ratio, based upon the $10.00 per share offering price. (3) Represents the pro forma tangible book value per share at each level of the offering range multiplied by the respective exchange ratio. (4) Cash will be paid in lieu of fractional shares. If you own shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock in a brokerage account in “street name,” your shares will be exchanged automatically within your account, so you do not need to take any action to exchange your shares of common stock. If your shares are represented by physical Pathfinder-Federal stock certificates, after the completion of the conversion, our transfer agent will mail to you a transmittal form with instructions to surrender your stock certificate(s). You should not submit a stock certificate until you receive a transmittal form. A statement reflecting your ownership of New Pathfinder common stock will be mailed to you within five business days after the transfer agent receives a properly executed transmittal form and your Pathfinder-Federal stock certificate(s). New Pathfinder will not issue stock certificates. 132 Table of Contents No fractional shares of New Pathfinder common stock will be issued to any public stockholder of Pathfinder-Federal. For each fractional share of common stock that otherwise would be issued, New Pathfinder will pay in cash an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying the fractional share interest to which the holder otherwise would be entitled by the $10.00 per share offering price. Pathfinder-Federal’s Series B Preferred Stock will not be redeemed in connection with the conversion and will be exchanged for preferred stock of New Pathfinder with the same rights and preferences identical to the Series B Preferred Stock of Pathfinder-Federal on a one for one exchange basis. No other preferred stock will be issued as a result of the conversion. Outstanding options to purchase shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock also will convert into and become options to purchase shares of New Pathfinder common stock based upon the exchange ratio. The aggregate exercise price, duration and vesting schedule of these options will not be affected by the conversion. At March 31, 2014, there were 105,500 outstanding options to purchase shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock, 38,500 of which have vested. Such outstanding options will be converted into options to purchase 111,323 shares of New Pathfinder common stock at the minimum of the offering range and 150,611 shares of New Pathfinder common stock at the maximum of the offering range. Because federal regulations prohibit us from repurchasing our common stock during the first year following the conversion unless compelling business reasons exist for such repurchases, we may use authorized but unissued shares to fund option exercises that occur during the first year following the conversion. If all existing options were exercised and funded with authorized but unissued shares of common stock following the conversion, stockholders would experience ownership dilution of approximately 3.8% at the minimum of the offering range. Effects of Conversion on Depositors, Borrowers and Depositors Continuity . The conversion will not affect the normal business of Pathfinder Bank of accepting deposits and making loans. Pathfinder Bank will continue to be a New York-chartered savings bank and will continue to be regulated by the NYDFS and the FDIC. After the conversion, Pathfinder Bank will continue to offer existing services to depositors, borrowers and other customers. The directors serving Pathfinder-Federal at the time of the conversion will be the directors of New Pathfinder after the conversion. Effect on Deposit Accounts . Pursuant to the plan of conversion and reorganization, each depositor of Pathfinder Bank at the time of the conversion will automatically continue as a depositor after the conversion, and the deposit balance, interest rate and other terms of such deposit accounts will not change as a result of the conversion. Each such account will be insured by the FDIC to the same extent as before the conversion. Depositors will continue to hold their existing certificates, passbooks and other evidences of their accounts. Effect on Loans . No loan outstanding from Pathfinder Bank will be affected by the conversion, and the amount, interest rate, maturity and security for each loan will remain as it was contractually fixed prior to the conversion. Effect on Voting Rights of Depositors . At present, all depositors of Pathfinder Bank have voting rights in, Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC as to all matters requiring depositor approval. Upon completion of the conversion, depositors will cease to have any voting rights. Upon completion of the conversion, all voting rights in Pathfinder Bank will be vested in New Pathfinder as the sole stockholder of Pathfinder Bank. The stockholders of New Pathfinder will possess exclusive voting rights with respect to New Pathfinder common stock. Tax Effects . We have received an opinion of counsel with regard to the federal income tax consequences of the conversion and an opinion of our independent public accountant with regard to the state income tax consequences of the conversion to the effect that the conversion will not be a taxable transaction for federal or state income tax purposes to Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, Pathfinder-Federal, the public stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal (except for cash paid for fractional shares), depositors of Pathfinder Bank, eligible account holders, supplemental eligible account holders, or Pathfinder Bank. See “—Material Income Tax Consequences.” 133 Table of Contents Effect on Liquidation Rights . Each depositor in Pathfinder Bank has both a deposit account in Pathfinder Bank and a pro rata ownership interest in the net worth of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC based upon the deposit balance in his or her account. This ownership interest is tied to the depositor’s account and has no tangible market value separate from the deposit account. This ownership interest may only be realized in the event of a complete liquidation of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC and Pathfinder Bank; however, there has never been a liquidation of a solvent mutual holding company. Any depositor who opens a deposit account obtains a pro rata ownership interest in Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC without any additional payment beyond the amount of the deposit. A depositor who reduces or closes his or her account receives a portion or all of the balance in the deposit account but nothing for his or her ownership interest in the net worth of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, which is lost to the extent that the balance in the account is reduced or closed. Consequently, depositors in a stock subsidiary of a mutual holding company normally have no way of realizing the value of their ownership interest, which would be realizable only in the unlikely event that Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC and Pathfinder Bank are liquidated. If this occurs, the depositors of record at that time, as owners, would share pro rata in any residual surplus and reserves of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC after other claims, including claims of depositors to the amounts of their deposits, are paid. Under the plan of conversion, Eligible Account Holders and Supplemental Eligible Account Holders will receive an interest in liquidation accounts maintained by New Pathfinder and Pathfinder Bank in an aggregate amount equal to (i) Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC’s ownership interest in Pathfinder-Federal’s total stockholders’ equity as of the date of the latest statement of financial condition used in this prospectus plus (ii) the value of the net assets of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC as of the date of the latest statement of financial condition of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC prior to the consummation of the conversion (excluding its ownership of Pathfinder-Federal). New Pathfinder and Pathfinder Bank will hold the liquidation accounts for the benefit of Eligible Account Holders and Supplemental Eligible Account Holders who continue to maintain deposits in Pathfinder Bank after the conversion. The liquidation accounts would be distributed to Eligible Account Holders and Supplemental Eligible Account Holders who maintain their deposit accounts in Pathfinder Bank only in the event of a liquidation of (a) New Pathfinder and Pathfinder Bank or (b) Pathfinder Bank. The liquidation account in Pathfinder Bank would be used only in the event that New Pathfinder does not have sufficient assets to fund its obligations under its liquidation account. The total obligation of New Pathfinder and Pathfinder Bank under their respective liquidation accounts will never exceed the dollar amount of New Pathfinder’s liquidation account as adjusted from time to time pursuant to the plan of conversion and reorganization and federal regulations. See “—Liquidation Rights.” Stock Pricing and Number of Shares to be Issued The plan of conversion and reorganization and federal regulations require that the aggregate purchase price of the common stock sold in the offering must be based on the appraised pro forma market value of the common stock, as determined by an independent valuation. We have retained RP Financial, LC. to prepare an independent valuation appraisal. For its services in preparing the initial valuation, RP Financial, LC. will receive a fee of $55,000, payment for reimbursable expenses up to $10,000 and an additional $7,500 for each updated valuation prepared. We have paid RP Financial, LC. a nominal amount of other fees during the previous three years. We have agreed to indemnify RP Financial, LC. and its employees and affiliates against specified losses, including any losses in connection with claims under the federal securities laws, arising out of its services as independent appraiser, except where such liability results from RP Financial, LC.’s bad faith or negligence. The independent valuation was prepared by RP Financial, LC. in reliance upon the information contained in this prospectus, including the consolidated financial statements of Pathfinder-Federal. RP Financial, LC. also considered the following factors, among others: · the present results and financial condition of Pathfinder-Federal and the projected results and financial condition of New Pathfinder; · the economic and demographic conditions in Pathfinder-Federal’s existing market area; 134 Table of Contents · certain historical, financial and other information relating to Pathfinder-Federal; · a comparative evaluation of the operating and financial characteristics of Pathfinder-Federal with those of other publicly traded savings institutions; · the effect of the conversion and offering on New Pathfinder’s stockholders’ equity and earnings potential; · the proposed dividend policy of New Pathfinder; and · the trading market for securities of comparable institutions and general conditions in the market for such securities. The independent valuation is also based on an analysis of a peer group of publicly traded savings and loan holding companies that RP Financial, LC. considered comparable to New Pathfinder under regulatory guidelines applicable to the independent valuation. Under these guidelines, a minimum of ten peer group companies are selected from the universe of all publicly-traded savings institutions with relatively comparable resources, strategies and financial and other operating characteristics. Such companies must also be traded on an exchange (such as Nasdaq or the New York Stock Exchange). The peer group companies selected for New Pathfinder also consisted of fully-converted stock institutions that were not subject to an actual or rumored acquisition and that had been in fully-converted form for at least one year. In addition, RP Financial, LC. limited the peer group companies to the following two selection criteria: (1) those institutions headquartered in the mid-Atlantic region of the U.S. with total assets between $250 million and $1.0 billion, a tangible equity/assets ratio greater than 7.5% and reporting positive core net income on a trailing twelve-month basis; and, (2) those institutions located in the Northeast region of the U.S. with total assets between $250 million and $1.0 billion, reporting positive core net income on a trailing twelve-month basis and a tangible equity/assets ratio greater than 7.5%. The independent valuation appraisal considered the pro forma effect of the offering. Consistent with federal appraisal guidelines, the appraisal applied three primary methodologies: (i) the pro forma price-to-book value approach applied to both reported book value and tangible book value; (ii) the pro forma price-to-earnings approach applied to reported and core earnings; and (iii) the pro forma price-to-assets approach. The market value ratios applied in the three methodologies were based on the current market valuations of the peer group companies. RP Financial, LC. placed the greatest emphasis on the price-to-earnings and price-to-book approaches in estimating pro forma market value. RP Financial, LC. did not consider a pro forma price-to-assets approach to be as meaningful in preparing the appraisal. In applying each of the valuation methods, RP Financial, LC. considered adjustments to the pro forma market value based on a comparison of New Pathfinder with the peer group. RP Financial, LC. made downward adjustments for financial condition, profitability, growth and viability of earnings, asset growth and primary market area. RP Financial made no adjustments for dividends, liquidity of the shares, marketing of the issue, management, or effect of government regulations and regulatory reform. The downward adjustment applied for financial condition was due to Pathfinder-Federal’s less favorable credit quality measures and higher costing capital structure. The downward adjustment applied for profitability, growth and viability of earnings took into consideration Pathfinder-Federal’s less favorable efficiency and expense coverage ratios and slightly higher ratio of loan loss provisions as a percent of average assets. The downward adjustment applied for asset growth was due to Pathfinder-Federal’s lower historical asset growth and, in particular, Pathfinder-Federal’s lower historical rate of loan growth. The downward adjustment applied for primary market area took into consideration Oswego County’s generally less favorable demographic measures and relatively high unemployment rate. Included in RP Financial, LC.’s independent valuation were certain assumptions as to the pro forma earnings of New Pathfinder after the conversion that were used in determining the appraised value. These assumptions included estimated expenses, an assumed after-tax rate of return of 1.04% as of March 31, 2014 on the net offering proceeds and purchases in the open market of 4% of the common stock issued in the offering by the 135 Table of Contents stock-based benefit plan at the $10.00 per share purchase price. See “Pro Forma Data” for additional information concerning assumptions included in the independent valuation and used in preparing pro forma data. The use of different assumptions may yield different results. The independent valuation states that as of May 16, 2014, the estimated pro forma market value of New Pathfinder was $32.9 million. Based on federal regulations, this market value forms the midpoint of a range with a minimum of $28.0 million and a maximum of $37.8 million. The aggregate offering price of the shares will be equal to the valuation range multiplied by the percentage of Pathfinder-Federal common stock owned by Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, as adjusted to reflect assets held by Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC (including the payment of a $0.03 per share dividend by Pathfinder-Federal to stockholders in the second quarter of 2014, and assuming the payment of an equivalent dividend in the third quarter of 2014 prior to the completion of the conversion). The number of shares offered will be equal to the aggregate offering price of the shares divided by the price per share. Based on the valuation range, the percentage of Pathfinder-Federal common stock owned by Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC and the $10.00 price per share, the minimum of the offering range is 1,700,000 shares, the midpoint of the offering range is 2,000,000 shares and the maximum of the offering range is 2,300,000 shares. The board of directors of New Pathfinder reviewed the independent valuation and, in particular, considered the following: · Pathfinder-Federal’s financial condition and results of operations; · a comparison of financial performance ratios of Pathfinder-Federal to those of other financial institutions of similar size; · market conditions generally and in particular for financial institutions; and · the historical trading price of the publicly held shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock. All of these factors are set forth in the independent valuation. The board of directors also reviewed the methodology and the assumptions used by RP Financial, LC. in preparing the independent valuation and believes that such assumptions were reasonable. The offering range may be amended with the approval of the Federal Reserve Board, if required, as a result of subsequent developments in the financial condition of Pathfinder-Federal or Pathfinder Bank or market conditions generally. In the event the independent valuation is updated to amend the pro forma market value of New Pathfinder to less than $28.0 million or more than $43.5 million, the appraisal will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by a post-effective amendment to New Pathfinder’s registration statement. The following table presents a summary of selected pricing ratios for New Pathfinder (on a pro forma basis) based on earnings and other information as of and for the twelve months ended March 31, 2014 and for the peer group companies based on earnings and other information as of and for the twelve months ended March 31, 2014 or the most recent twelve-month period of financial data available, and stock price information as of May 16, 2014, as reflected in the appraisal report. Compared to the average pricing of the peer group, our pro forma pricing ratios at the midpoint of the offering range indicated a discount of 28.2% on a price-to-book value basis, a discount of 24.1% on a price-to-tangible book value basis and a discount of 16.9% on a price-to-earnings basis. Our board of directors, in reviewing and approving the appraisal, considered the range of price-to-earnings multiples and the range of price-to-book value and price-to-tangible book value ratios at the different amounts of shares to be sold in the offering. The appraisal did not consider one valuation approach to be more important than the other. The estimated appraised value and the resulting premium/discount took into consideration the potential financial effect of the conversion and offering as well as the trading price of Pathfinder-Federal’s common stock. The closing price of the common stock was $14.90 per share on May 16, 2014, the effective date of the appraisal, and $14.45 per share on April 8, 2014, the last trading day immediately preceding the announcement of the conversion. 136 Table of Contents Price-to-earnings multiple (1) Price-to-book value ratio Price-to-tangible book value ratio New Pathfinder (on a pro forma basis, assuming completion of the conversion) Adjusted Maximum 23.43 x 80.58 % 88.03 % Maximum 20.29 x 74.46 % 81.77 % Midpoint 17.58 x 68.45 % 75.59 % Minimum 14.89 x 61.73 % 68.63 % Valuation of peer group companies, all of which are fully converted (on an historical basis) Averages 21.16 x 95.31 % 99.65 % Medians 21.04 x 96.63 % 99.21 % (1) Price-to-earnings multiples calculated by RP Financial, LC. in the independent appraisal are based on an estimate of “core,” or recurring, earnings on a trailing twelve-month basis through March 31, 2014 for New Pathfinder and March 31, 2014 or the most recent twelve-month period available for the peer group companies. These ratios are different than those presented in “Pro Forma Data.” The independent valuation is not intended, and must not be construed, as a recommendation of any kind as to the advisability of purchasing our shares of common stock. RP Financial, LC. did not independently verify our consolidated financial statements and other information that we provided to them, nor did RP Financial, LC. independently value our assets or liabilities. The independent valuation considers Pathfinder Bank as a going concern and should not be considered as an indication of the liquidation value of Pathfinder Bank. Moreover, because the valuation is necessarily based upon estimates and projections of a number of matters, all of which may change from time to time, no assurance can be given that persons purchasing our common stock in the offering will thereafter be able to sell their shares at prices at or above the $10.00 price per share. Following commencement of the subscription offering, the maximum of the valuation range may be increased by up to 15%, or up to $43.5 million, without resoliciting subscribers, which will result in a corresponding increase of up to 15% in the maximum of the offering range to up to 2,645,000 shares, to reflect changes in the market and financial conditions or demand for the shares. We will not decrease the minimum of the valuation range and the minimum of the offering range without a resolicitation of subscribers. The subscription price of $10.00 per share will remain fixed. See “—Additional Limitations on Common Stock Purchases” as to the method of distribution of additional shares to be issued in the event of an increase in the offering range of up to 2,645,000 shares. If the update to the independent valuation at the conclusion of the offering results in an increase in the maximum of the valuation range to more than $43.5 million and a corresponding increase in the offering range to more than 2,645,000 shares, or a decrease in the minimum of the valuation range to less than $28.0 million and a corresponding decrease in the offering range to fewer than 1,700,000 shares, then we will promptly return with interest at [interest rate]% per annum all funds previously delivered to us to purchase shares of common stock in the subscription and community offerings and cancel deposit account withdrawal authorizations and, after consulting with the Federal Reserve Board, we may terminate the plan of conversion and reorganization. Alternatively, we may establish a new offering range, extend the offering period and commence a resolicitation of purchasers or take other actions as permitted by the Federal Reserve Board in order to complete the offering. In the event that we extend the offering and conduct a resolicitation due to a change in the independent valuation, we will notify subscribers of the extension of time and of the rights of subscribers to place a new stock order for a specified period of time. Any single offering extension will not exceed 90 days; aggregate extensions may not conclude beyond ________, 2016, which is two years after the special meeting of depositors to vote on the conversion. An increase in the number of shares to be issued in the offering would decrease both a subscriber’s ownership interest and New Pathfinder’s pro forma earnings and stockholders’ equity on a per share basis while increasing stockholders’ equity on an aggregate basis. A decrease in the number of shares to be issued in the offering would increase both a subscriber’s ownership interest and New Pathfinder’s pro forma earnings and stockholders’ equity on a per share basis, while decreasing stockholders’ equity on an aggregate basis. 137 Table of Contents Copies of the independent valuation appraisal report of RP Financial, LC. and the detailed memorandum setting forth the method and assumptions used in the appraisal report are filed as exhibits to the documents specified under “Where You Can Find Additional Information.” Subscription Offering and Subscription Rights In accordance with the plan of conversion and reorganization, rights to subscribe for shares of common stock in the subscription offering have been granted in the following descending order of priority. The filling of all subscriptions that we receive will depend on the availability of common stock after satisfaction of all subscriptions of all persons having prior rights in the subscription offering and on the purchase and ownership limitations set forth in the plan of conversion and reorganization and as described below under “—Additional Limitations on Common Stock Purchases.” Priority 1: Eligible Account Holders . Each depositor of Pathfinder Bank with aggregate deposit account balances of $50.00 or more (a “Qualifying Deposit”) at the close of business on March 31, 2013 (an “Eligible Account Holder”) will receive, without payment therefor, nontransferable subscription rights to purchase up to $250,000 (25,000 shares) of our common stock, subject to the overall purchase limitations. See “—Additional Limitations on Common Stock Purchases.” If there are not sufficient shares available to satisfy all subscriptions, shares will first be allocated so as to permit each Eligible Account Holder to purchase a number of shares sufficient to make his or her total allocation equal to the lesser of 100 shares or the number of shares for which he or she subscribed. Thereafter, any remaining shares will be allocated to each Eligible Account Holder whose subscription remains unfilled in the proportion that the amount of his or her Qualifying Deposit bears to the total amount of Qualifying Deposits of all subscribing Eligible Account Holders whose subscriptions remain unfilled. If an amount so allocated exceeds the amount subscribed for by any one or more Eligible Account Holders, the excess shall be reallocated among those Eligible Account Holders whose subscriptions are not fully satisfied until all available shares have been allocated. To ensure proper allocation of our shares of common stock, each Eligible Account Holder must list on his or her stock order form all deposit accounts in which he or she has an ownership interest on March 31, 2013. In the event of an oversubscription, failure to list an account could result in fewer shares being allocated than if all accounts had been disclosed. In the event of an oversubscription, the subscription rights of Eligible Account Holders who are also directors or executive officers of Pathfinder-Federal or who are associates of such persons will be subordinated to the subscription rights of other Eligible Account Holders to the extent attributable to their increased deposits in the 12 months preceding March 31, 2013. Priority 2: Tax-Qualified Plans . Our tax-qualified employee plans, including our employee stock ownership plan and 401(k) plan, will receive, without payment therefor, nontransferable subscription rights to purchase in the aggregate up to 10% of the shares of common stock sold in the offering, although our employee stock ownership plan intends to purchase 4% of the shares of common stock sold in the offering. If market conditions warrant, in the judgment of its trustees, the employee stock ownership plan may instead elect to purchase shares in the open market following the completion of the conversion, subject to the approval of the Federal Reserve Board. The amount of the subscription requests by the 401(k) plan will be determined by its participants, who will have the right to invest all or a portion of their 401(k) plan accounts in our common stock, subject to the maximum purchase limitations. However, to comply with the limitations applicable to our tax-qualified employee plans, our 401(k) plan may purchase no more than 6% of the shares of common stock sold in the offering. Priority 3: Supplemental Eligible Account Holders . To the extent that there are sufficient shares of common stock remaining after satisfaction of subscriptions by Eligible Account Holders and our tax-qualified employee stock benefit plans, each depositor of Pathfinder Bank with a Qualifying Deposit at the close of business on [Supplemental Eligibility Record Date] who is not an Eligible Account Holder (“Supplemental Eligible Account Holder”) will receive, without payment therefor, nontransferable subscription rights to purchase up to $250,000 (25,000 shares) of common stock, subject to the overall purchase limitations. See “—Additional Limitations on Common Stock Purchases.” If there are not sufficient shares available to satisfy all subscriptions, shares will be 138 Table of Contents allocated so as to permit each Supplemental Eligible Account Holder to purchase a number of shares sufficient to make his or her total allocation equal to the lesser of 100 shares of common stock or the number of shares for which he or she subscribed. Thereafter, any remaining shares will be allocated to each Supplemental Eligible Account Holder whose subscription remains unfilled in the proportion that the amount of his or her Qualifying Deposit bears to the total amount of Qualifying Deposits of all Supplemental Eligible Account Holders whose subscriptions remain unfilled. If an amount so allocated exceeds the amount subscribed for by any one or more Supplemental Eligible Account Holders, the excess shall be reallocated among those Supplemental Eligible Account Holders whose subscriptions are not fully satisfied until all available shares have been allocated. To ensure proper allocation of common stock, each Supplemental Eligible Account Holder must list on the stock order form all deposit accounts in which he or she has an ownership interest at [Supplemental Eligibility Record Date]. In the event of an oversubscription, failure to list an account could result in fewer shares being allocated than if all accounts had been disclosed. Priority 4: Other Depositors . To the extent that there are shares of common stock remaining after satisfaction of subscriptions by Eligible Account Holders, our tax-qualified employee stock benefit plans, and Supplemental Eligible Account Holders, each depositor of Pathfinder Bank as of the close of business on [Depositor Record Date] who is not an Eligible Account Holder or Supplemental Eligible Account Holder (“Other Depositors”) will receive, without payment therefor, nontransferable subscription rights to purchase up to $250,000 (25,000 shares) of common stock, subject to the overall purchase limitations. See “—Additional Limitations on Common Stock Purchases.” If there are not sufficient shares available to satisfy all subscriptions, shares will be allocated so as to permit each Other Depositor to purchase a number of shares sufficient to make his or her total allocation equal to the lesser of 100 shares of common stock or the number of shares for which he or she subscribed. Thereafter, any remaining shares will be allocated in the proportion that the amount of the subscription of each Other Depositor bears to the total amount of the subscriptions of all Other Depositors whose subscriptions remain unsatisfied. To ensure proper allocation of common stock, each Other Depositor must list on the stock order form all deposit accounts in which he or she had an ownership interest at [Depositor Record Date]. In the event of an oversubscription, failure to list an account could result in fewer shares being allocated than if all accounts had been disclosed. Expiration Date . The subscription offering will expire at 2:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on [expiration date], unless extended by us for up to 45 days or such additional periods with the approval of the Federal Reserve Board, if necessary. Subscription rights will expire whether or not each eligible depositor can be located. We may decide to extend the expiration date of the subscription offering for any reason, whether or not subscriptions have been received for shares at the minimum, midpoint or maximum of the offering range. Subscription rights which have not been exercised prior to the expiration date will become void. We will not execute orders until at least the minimum number of shares of common stock have been sold in the offering. If at least 1,700,000 shares have not been sold in the offering by [extension date #1] and the Federal Reserve Board has not consented to an extension, all funds delivered to us to purchase shares of common stock in the offering will be returned promptly, with interest at [interest rate]% per annum for funds received in the subscription and community offerings, and all deposit account withdrawal authorizations will be cancelled. If an extension beyond [extension date #1] is granted by the Federal Reserve Board, we will resolicit purchasers in the offering as described under “—Procedure for Purchasing Shares—Expiration Date.” Community Offering To the extent that shares of common stock remain available for purchase after satisfaction of all subscriptions of Eligible Account Holders, our tax-qualified employee stock benefit plans, Supplemental Eligible Account Holders and Other Depositors, we may offer shares pursuant to the plan of conversion and reorganization to members of the general public in a community offering. Shares will be offered in the community offering with the following preferences: 139 Table of Contents (i) Natural persons (including trusts of natural persons) residing in Oswego, Onondaga, Madison, Oneida, Cortland, Lewis, Jefferson, Cayuga and Wayne Counties, New York; (ii) Pathfinder-Federal’s public stockholders as of [Stockholder Record Date]; and (iii) the general public. Subscribers in the community offering may purchase up to $250,000 (25,000 shares) of common stock, subject to the overall purchase limitations. See “—Additional Limitations on Common Stock Purchases.” The opportunity to purchase shares of common stock in the community offering category is subject to our right, in our sole discretion, to accept or reject any such orders in whole or in part either at the time of receipt of an order or as soon as practicable following the expiration date of the offering. If we do not have sufficient shares of common stock available to fill the orders of natural persons (including trusts of natural persons) residing in Oswego, Onondaga, Madison, Oneida, Cortland, Lewis, Jefferson, Cayuga and Wayne Counties, New York, we will allocate the available shares among those persons in a manner that permits each of them, to the extent possible, to purchase the lesser of 100 shares or the number of shares subscribed for by such person. Thereafter, unallocated shares will be allocated among natural persons residing in those counties whose orders remain unsatisfied on an equal number of shares basis per order. If an oversubscription occurs due to the orders of public stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal or members of the general public, the allocation procedures described above will apply to the stock orders of such persons. In connection with the allocation process, orders received for shares of common stock in the community offering will first be filled up to a maximum of 2% of the shares sold in the offering, and thereafter any remaining shares will be allocated on an equal number of shares basis per order until all shares have been allocated. The term “residing” or “resident” as used in this prospectus means any person who occupies a dwelling within Oswego, Onondaga, Madison, Oneida, Cortland, Lewis, Jefferson, Cayuga and Wayne Counties, New York, has a present intent to remain within this community for a period of time, and manifests the genuineness of that intent by establishing an ongoing physical presence within the community, together with an indication that this presence within the community is something other than merely transitory in nature. We may utilize deposit or loan records or other evidence provided to us to decide whether a person is a resident. In all cases, however, the determination shall be in our sole discretion. Expiration Date. The community offering may begin concurrently with, during or promptly after the subscription offering, and is currently expected (if commenced) to terminate at the same time as the subscription offering, and must terminate no more than 45 days following the subscription offering, unless extended. New Pathfinder may decide to extend the community offering for any reason and is not required to give purchasers notice of any such extension unless such period extends beyond [extension date #1], in which event we will resolicit purchasers. Syndicated Offering If feasible, our board of directors may decide to offer for sale shares of common stock not subscribed for or purchased in the subscription and community offerings in a syndicated offering, subject to such terms, conditions and procedures as we may determine, in a manner that will achieve a wide distribution of our shares of common stock. If a syndicated offering is held, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. will serve as sole book-running manager. In the event that shares of common stock are sold in a syndicated offering, we will pay fees of 6% of the aggregate amount of common stock sold in the syndicated offering to Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. and any other broker-dealers included in the syndicated offering. The shares of common stock will be sold at the same price per share ($10.00 per share) that the shares are sold in the subscription offering and the community offering. 140 Table of Contents In the event of a syndicated offering, it is currently expected that investors would follow the same general procedures applicable to purchasing shares in the subscription and community offerings (the use of order forms and the submission of funds directly to New Pathfinder for the payment of the purchase price of the shares ordered) except that payment must be in immediately available funds (bank checks, money orders, deposit account withdrawals from accounts at Pathfinder Bank or wire transfers). See “—Procedure for Purchasing Shares.” “Sweep” arrangements and delivery versus payment settlement will only be used in a syndicated offering to the extent consistent with Rules 10b-9 and 15c2-4 and then-existing guidance and interpretations thereof of the Securities and Exchange Commission regarding the conduct of “min/max” offerings. If for any reason we cannot effect a syndicated offering of shares of common stock not purchased in the subscription and community offerings, or in the event that there are an insignificant number of shares remaining unsold after such offerings, we will try to make other arrangements for the sale of unsubscribed shares. The Federal Reserve Board and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority must approve any such arrangements. Additional Limitations on Common Stock Purchases The plan of conversion and reorganization includes the following additional limitations on the number of shares of common stock that may be purchased in the offering: (i) No person may purchase fewer than 25 shares of common stock; (ii) Tax qualified employee benefit plans, including our employee stock ownership plan and 401(k) plan, may purchase in the aggregate up to 10% of the shares of common stock issued in the offering, including shares issued in the event of an increase in the offering range of up to 15%; (iii) Except for the employee stock ownership plan and 401(k) plan, as described above, no person or entity, together with associates or persons acting in concert with such person or entity, may purchase more than $500,000 (50,000 shares) of common stock in all categories of the offering combined; (iv) Current stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal are subject to an ownership limitation. As previously described, current stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal will receive shares of New Pathfinder common stock in exchange for their existing shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock. The number of shares of common stock that a stockholder may purchase in the offering, together with associates or persons acting in concert with such stockholder, when combined with the shares that the stockholder and his or her associates will receive in exchange for existing Pathfinder-Federal common stock, may not exceed 9.9% of the shares of common stock of New Pathfinder to be issued and outstanding at the completion of the conversion; and (v) The maximum number of shares of common stock that may be purchased in all categories of the offering by executive officers and directors of Pathfinder Bank and their associates, in the aggregate, when combined with shares of common stock issued in exchange for existing shares, may not exceed 25% of the total shares issued in the conversion. Depending upon market or financial conditions, our board of directors, with the approval of the Federal Reserve Board and without further approval of depositors of Pathfinder Bank, may decrease or increase the purchase limitations. If a purchase limitation is increased, subscribers in the subscription offering who ordered the maximum amount will be given the opportunity to increase their orders up to the then applicable limit. The effect of this type of resolicitation will be an increase in the number of shares of common stock owned by persons who choose to increase their orders. In the event that the maximum purchase limitation is increased to 5% of the shares sold in the offering, such limitation may be further increased to 9.99%, provided that orders for shares of common stock exceeding 5% of the shares sold in the offering shall not exceed in the aggregate 10% of the total shares sold in the offering. 141 Table of Contents In the event of an increase in the offering range of up to 2,645,000 shares of common stock, shares will be allocated in the following order of priority in accordance with the plan of conversion and reorganization: (i) to fill the subscriptions of our tax-qualified employee benefit plans, specifically the employee stock ownership plan, for up to 10% of the total number of shares of common stock issued in the offering; (ii) in the event that there is an oversubscription at the Eligible Account Holder, Supplemental Eligible Account Holder or Other Member levels, to fill unfilled subscriptions of these subscribers according to their respective priorities; and (iii) to fill unfilled subscriptions in the community offering, with preference given first to natural persons (including trusts of natural persons) residing in Oswego, Onondaga, Madison, Oneida, Cortland, Lewis, Jefferson, Cayuga and Wayne Counties, New York, then to Pathfinder-Federal’s public stockholders as of [Stockholder Record Date], and then to members of the general public. The term “associate” of a person means: (i) any corporation or organization, other than Pathfinder-Federal, Pathfinder Bank or a majority-owned subsidiary of Pathfinder Bank, of which the person is a senior officer, partner or 10% beneficial stockholder; (ii) any trust or other estate in which the person has a substantial beneficial interest or serves as a trustee or in a similar fiduciary capacity; provided, however, it does not include any employee stock benefit plan in which the person has a substantial beneficial interest or serves as trustee or in a similar fiduciary capacity; and (iii) any blood or marriage relative of the person, who either has the same home as the person or who is a director or officer of Pathfinder-Federal or Pathfinder Bank. The term “acting in concert” means: (i) knowing participation in a joint activity or interdependent conscious parallel action towards a common goal whether or not pursuant to an express agreement; or (ii) a combination or pooling of voting or other interests in the securities of an issuer for a common purpose pursuant to any contract, understanding, relationship, agreement or other arrangement, whether written or otherwise. A person or company that acts in concert with another person or company (“other party”) will also be deemed to be acting in concert with any person or company who is also acting in concert with that other party, except that any tax-qualified employee stock benefit plan will not be deemed to be acting in concert with its trustee or a person who serves in a similar capacity solely for determining whether common stock held by the trustee and common stock held by the employee stock benefit plan will be aggregated. We have the sole discretion to determine whether prospective purchasers are “associates” or “acting in concert.” Persons having the same address, and persons exercising subscription rights through qualifying deposits registered at the same address will be deemed to be acting in concert unless we determine otherwise. Our directors are not treated as associates of each other solely because of their membership on the board of directors. Common stock purchased in the offering will be freely transferable except for shares purchased by directors and certain officers of New Pathfinder or Pathfinder Bank and except as described below. Any purchases made by any associate of New Pathfinder or Pathfinder Bank for the explicit purpose of meeting the minimum number of shares of common stock required to be sold in order to complete the offering shall be made for 142 Table of Contents investment purposes only and not with a view toward redistribution. In addition, under Financial Industry Regulatory Authority guidelines, members of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and their associates are subject to certain restrictions on transfer of securities purchased in accordance with subscription rights and to certain reporting requirements upon purchase of these securities. For a further discussion of limitations on purchases of our shares of common stock at the time of conversion and thereafter, see “—Certain Restrictions on Purchase or Transfer of Our Shares after Conversion” and “Restrictions on Acquisition of New Pathfinder.” Plan of Distribution; Selling Agent and Underwriter Compensation Subscription and Community Offerings. To assist in the marketing of our shares of common stock in the subscription and community offerings, we have retained Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., which is a broker-dealer registered with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. will assist us on a best efforts basis in the subscription and community offerings by: · providing advice on the financial and securities market implications of the plan of conversion and reorganization; · assisting in structuring the offering, including developing a market strategy for the offering; · reviewing all offering documents, including the prospectus, stock order forms and related offering materials (we are responsible for the preparation and filing of such documents); · assisting us in analyzing proposals from outside vendors retained in connection with the offering, as needed; · assisting us in the drafting and distribution of press releases as required or appropriate; and · providing general advice and assistance as may be reasonably necessary to promote the successful completion of the offering. For these services, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. will receive a success fee of $225,000. Included in the success fee is a management fee of $25,000, of which $12,500 was paid upon the signing of the engagement letter and $12,500 was paid upon the filing of New Pathfinder’s registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Syndicated Offering. In the event that we sell shares of common stock through a group of broker-dealers in a syndicated offering, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. will be paid a fee equal to 1.0% of the dollar amount of total shares sold in the syndicated offering, which fee, along with the fee payable to selected dealers (which will include Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.) will not exceed 6.0% in the aggregate of the dollar amount of total shares sold in the syndicated offering. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. will serve as sole book-running manager in such an offering. All fees payable with respect to a syndicated offering will be in addition to fees payable with respect to the subscription and community offerings. Expenses. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. also will be reimbursed for reasonable expenses in an amount not to exceed $30,000 and for attorney’s fees and expenses not to exceed $100,000. The expenses may be increased by mutual consent of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. and Pathfinder Bank in the event of a material delay or resolicitation of the offering. Under such circumstances, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. may be reimbursed for additional reasonable expenses not to exceed $10,000, or additional fees and expenses of its attorneys not to exceed $15,000. 143 Table of Contents Records Management We have also engaged Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. as records management agent in connection with the conversion and the subscription and community offerings. In its role as records management agent, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., will among other things: · consolidate deposit accounts, develop a central file and calculate eligible votes; · design and prepare proxy forms and stock order forms; · organize and supervise the Stock Information Center; · tabulate proxy votes; · support the inspector of election at the special meeting of depositors; and · provide necessary subscription services to distribute, collect and tabulate stock orders in the subscription and community offerings. For these services, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. will receive a fee of $25,000, of which $5,000 has already been paid. We will also reimburse Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in connection with these services not to exceed $5,000. Indemnity We will indemnify Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. against liabilities and expenses, including legal fees, incurred in connection with certain claims or litigation arising out of or based upon untrue statements or omissions contained in the offering materials for the common stock, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Solicitation of Offers by Officers and Directors Some of our directors and executive officers may participate in the solicitation of offers to purchase common stock in the subscription and community offerings. These persons will be reimbursed for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the solicitation. Other regular employees of Pathfinder Bank may assist in the offering, but only in ministerial capacities, and may provide clerical work in effecting a sales transaction. No offers or sales may be made by tellers or at the teller counters. Investment-related questions of prospective purchasers will be directed to executive officers or registered representatives of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Our other employees have been instructed not to solicit offers to purchase shares of common stock or provide advice regarding the purchase of common stock. We will rely on Rule 3a4-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and sales of common stock will be conducted within the requirements of Rule 3a4-1, so as to permit officers, directors and employees to participate in the sale of common stock. None of our officers, directors or employees will be compensated in connection with their participation in the offering. Lock-up Agreements We, and each of our directors and executive officers have agreed, subject to certain exceptions, that during the period beginning on the date of this prospectus and ending 90 days after the closing of the offering, without the prior written consent of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., directly or indirectly, we will not (i) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant for the sale of, or otherwise dispose of or transfer any shares of Pathfinder-Federal or New Pathfinder stock or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for Pathfinder-Federal or New Pathfinder stock, whether owned on the date of this prospectus or acquired after the date of this prospectus or with respect to which we or any of our directors or executive officers has or after the date of this prospectus acquires the 144 Table of Contents power of disposition, or file any registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, with respect to any of the foregoing, or (ii) enter into any swap or any other agreement or any transaction that transfers, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, the economic consequence of ownership of Pathfinder-Federal or New Pathfinder stock, whether any such swap or transaction is to be settled by delivery of stock or other securities, in cash or otherwise. In the event that either (1) during the period that begins on the date that is 15 calendar days plus three business days before the last day of the restricted period and ends on the last day of the restricted period, we issue an earnings release or material news or a material event relating to us occurs, or (2) prior to the expiration of the restricted period, we announce that we will release earnings results during the 16-day period beginning on the last day of the restricted period, the restrictions set forth above will continue to apply until the expiration of the date that is 15 calendar days plus three business days after the date on which the earnings release is issued or the material news or event related to us occurs. Procedure for Purchasing Shares Expiration Date . The offering will expire at 2:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on [expiration date], unless we extend the offering for up to 45 days, with the approval of the Federal Reserve Board, if required. This extension may be approved by us, in our sole discretion, without notice to purchasers in the offering. Any extension of the subscription and/or community offering beyond [extension date #1] would require the Federal Reserve Board’s approval. If the offering is so extended, all subscribers will be notified and given an opportunity to confirm, change or cancel their orders. If you do not respond to this notice, we will promptly return your funds with interest at [interest rate]% per annum or cancel your deposit account withdrawal authorization. If the offering range is decreased below the minimum of the offering range or is increased above the maximum of the offering range, all subscribers’ stock orders will be cancelled, their deposit account withdrawal authorizations will be cancelled, and funds submitted to us will be returned promptly, with interest at [interest rate]% per annum for funds received in the subscription and community offerings. We will then resolicit the subscribers, giving them an opportunity to place a new stock order for a period of time. We reserve the right in our sole discretion to terminate the offering at any time and for any reason, in which case we will cancel any deposit account withdrawal authorizations and promptly return all funds submitted, with interest at [interest rate]% per annum from the date of receipt as described above. Use of Order Forms . In order to purchase shares of common stock, you must properly complete an original stock order form and remit full payment. We are not required to accept orders submitted on photocopied or facsimiled order forms. All order forms must be received (not postmarked) prior to 2:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on [expiration date]. We are not required to accept order forms that are not received by that time, are not signed or are otherwise executed defectively or are received without full payment or without appropriate deposit account withdrawal instructions. We are not required to notify subscribers of incomplete or improperly executed order forms, and we have the right to waive or permit the correction of incomplete or improperly executed order forms. We do not represent, however, that we will do so and we have no affirmative duty to notify any prospective subscriber of any such defects. You may submit your order form and payment by mail using the stock order return envelope provided, or by overnight delivery to our Stock Information Center at the address noted on the stock order form. You may also hand-deliver stock order forms to our main office located at 214 West First Street, Oswego, New York. Hand-delivered stock order forms will only be accepted at this location. We will not accept stock order forms at our banking offices. Once tendered, an order form cannot be modified or revoked without our consent. We reserve the absolute right, in our sole discretion, to reject orders received in the community offering, in whole or in part, at the time of receipt or at any time prior to completion of the offering. If you are ordering shares in the subscription offering, you must represent that you are purchasing shares for your own account and that you have no agreement or understanding with any person for the sale or transfer of the shares. We have the right to reject any order submitted in the offering by a person who we believe is making false representations or who we otherwise believe, either alone or acting in concert with others, is violating, evading, circumventing, or intends to violate, evade or circumvent the terms and conditions of the plan of conversion and reorganization. Our interpretation of the terms and conditions of the plan of conversion and reorganization and of the acceptability of the order forms will be final. 145 Table of Contents By signing the order form, you will be acknowledging that the common stock is not a deposit or savings account and is not federally insured or otherwise guaranteed by Pathfinder Bank or the federal government, and that you received a copy of this prospectus. However, signing the order form will not result in you waiving your rights under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Payment for Shares . Payment for all shares of common stock will be required to accompany all completed order forms for the purchase to be valid. Payment for shares in the subscription and community offerings may be made by: (i) personal check, bank check or money order, made payable to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.; or (ii) authorization of withdrawal of available funds from the types of Pathfinder Bank deposit accounts designated on the stock order form. Appropriate means for designating withdrawals from deposit accounts without check-writing privileges at Pathfinder Bank are provided on the order form. The funds designated must be available in the account(s) at the time the order form is received. A hold will be placed on these funds, making them unavailable to the depositor. Funds authorized for withdrawal will continue to earn interest within the account at the contractual rate until the offering is completed, at which time the designated withdrawal will be made. Interest penalties for early withdrawal applicable to certificate of deposit accounts will not apply to withdrawals authorized for the purchase of shares of common stock; however, if a withdrawal results in a certificate of deposit account with a balance less than the applicable minimum balance requirement, the certificate of deposit will be cancelled at the time of withdrawal without penalty and the remaining balance will earn interest at the current passbook rate subsequent to the withdrawal. In the case of payments made by personal check, these funds must be available in the account(s). Checks and money orders received in the subscription and community offerings will be immediately cashed and placed in a segregated account at Pathfinder Bank and will earn interest at [interest rate]% per annum from the date payment is processed until the offering is completed or terminated. You may not remit cash, Pathfinder Bank line of credit checks or any type of third-party checks (including those payable to you and endorsed over to New Pathfinder). You may not designate on your stock order form direct withdrawal from a Pathfinder Bank retirement account. See “—Using Individual Retirement Account Funds.” Additionally, you may not designate a direct withdrawal from Pathfinder Bank accounts with check-writing privileges. Please provide a check instead. If you request that we directly withdraw the funds, we reserve the right to interpret that as your authorization to treat those funds as if we had received a check for the designated amount, and we will immediately withdraw the amount from your account. If permitted by the Federal Reserve Board, in the event we resolicit large purchasers, as described above in “—Additional Limitations on Common Stock Purchases,” such purchasers who wish to increase their purchases will not be able to use personal checks to pay for the additional shares, but instead must pay for the additional shares using immediately available funds. Once we receive your executed stock order form, it may not be modified, amended or rescinded without our consent, unless the offering is not completed by [extension date #1]. If the subscription and community offerings are extended past [extension date #1], all subscribers will be notified and given an opportunity to confirm, change or cancel their orders. If you do not respond to this notice, we will promptly return your funds with interest at [interest rate]% per annum or cancel your deposit account withdrawal authorization. We may resolicit purchasers for a specified period of time. Regulations prohibit Pathfinder Bank from lending funds or extending credit to any persons to purchase shares of common stock in the offering. We shall have the right, in our sole discretion, to permit institutional investors to submit irrevocable orders together with the legally binding commitment for payment and to thereafter pay for the shares of common stock for which they subscribe in the community offering at any time prior to 48 hours before the completion of the conversion. This payment may be made by wire transfer. 146 Table of Contents If our employee stock ownership plan purchases shares in the offering, it will not be required to pay for such shares until completion of the offering, provided that there is a loan commitment from an unrelated financial institution or New Pathfinder to lend to the employee stock ownership plan the necessary amount to fund the purchase. In addition, if our 401(k) plan purchases shares in the offering, it will not be required to pay for such shares until completion of the offering. Using Individual Retirement Account Funds. If you are interested in using funds in your individual retirement account or other retirement account to purchase shares of common stock, you must do so through a self-directed retirement account. By regulation, Pathfinder Bank’s retirement accounts are not self-directed, so they cannot be invested in our shares of common stock. Therefore, if you wish to use funds that are currently in a Pathfinder Bank retirement account, you may not designate on the order form that you wish funds to be withdrawn from the account for the purchase of common stock. The funds you wish to use for the purchase of common stock will instead have to be transferred to an independent trustee or custodian, such as a brokerage firm, offering self-directed retirement accounts. The purchase must be made through that account. If you do not have such an account, you will need to establish one before placing a stock order. An annual administrative fee may be payable to the independent trustee or custodian. There will be no early withdrawal or Internal Revenue Service interest penalties for these transfers. Individuals interested in using funds in an individual retirement account or any other retirement account, whether held at Pathfinder Bank or elsewhere , to purchase shares of common stock should contact our Stock Information Center for guidance as soon as possible, preferably at least two weeks prior to the [expiration date] offering deadline. Processing such transactions takes additional time, and whether such funds can be used may depend on limitations imposed by the institutions where such funds are currently held. We cannot guarantee that you will be able to use such funds. Delivery of Shares of Common Stock . All shares of common stock sold will be issued in book entry form. Stock certificates will not be issued. A statement reflecting ownership of shares of common stock issued in the subscription and community offerings will be mailed by our transfer agent to the persons entitled thereto at the registration address noted by them on their stock order forms as soon as practicable following consummation of the conversion and offering. We expect trading in the stock to begin on the day of completion of the conversion and stock offering or the next business day. It is possible that until a statement reflecting ownership of shares of common stock is available and delivered to purchasers, purchasers might not be able to sell the shares of common stock that they ordered, even though the shares of common stock will have begun trading. Your ability to sell the shares of common stock before receiving your statement will depend on arrangements you may make with a brokerage firm. Other Restrictions . Notwithstanding any other provision of the plan of conversion and reorganization, no person is entitled to purchase any shares of common stock to the extent the purchase would be illegal under any federal or state law or regulation, including state “blue sky” regulations, or would violate regulations or policies of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, particularly those regarding free riding and withholding. We may ask for an acceptable legal opinion from any purchaser as to the legality of his or her purchase and we may refuse to honor any purchase order if an opinion is not timely furnished. In addition, we are not required to offer shares of common stock to any person who resides in a foreign country, or in a State of the United States with respect to which any of the following apply: (i) a small number of persons otherwise eligible to subscribe for shares under the plan of conversion and reorganization reside in such state; (ii) the issuance of subscription rights or the offer or sale of shares of common stock to such persons would require us, under the securities laws of such state, to register as a broker, dealer, salesman or agent or to register or otherwise qualify our securities for sale in such state; or (iii) such registration or qualification would be impracticable for reasons of cost or otherwise. 147 Table of Contents Restrictions on Transfer of Subscription Rights and Shares Regulations of the Federal Reserve Board prohibit any person with subscription rights, including the Eligible Account Holders, Supplemental Eligible Account Holders and Other Depositors, from transferring or entering into any agreement or understanding to transfer the legal or beneficial ownership of the subscription rights issued under the plan of conversion and reorganization or the shares of common stock to be issued upon their exercise. These rights may be exercised only by the person to whom they are granted and only for his or her account. When registering your stock purchase on the order form, you cannot add the name(s) of others for joint stock registration who do not have subscription rights or who qualify only in a lower subscription offering priority than you do. You may add only those who are eligible to purchase shares of common stock in the subscription offering at your date of eligibility. Each person exercising subscription rights will be required to certify that he or she is purchasing shares solely for his or her own account and that he or she has no agreement or understanding regarding the sale or transfer of such shares. The regulations also prohibit any person from offering or making an announcement of an offer or intent to make an offer to purchase subscription rights or shares of common stock to be issued upon their exercise prior to completion of the offering. We will pursue any and all legal and equitable remedies in the event we become aware of the transfer of subscription rights, and we will not honor orders that we believe involve the transfer of subscription rights. Stock Information Center Our banking office personnel may not, by law, assist with investment-related questions about the offering. If you have any questions regarding the conversion or offering, please call our Stock Information Center. The toll-free number is [telephone number]. The Stock Information Center is open Monday through Friday between 10:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m., Eastern Time. The Stock Information Center will be closed on bank holidays. Liquidation Rights Liquidation prior to the conversion. In the unlikely event that Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC is liquidated prior to the conversion, all claims of creditors of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC would be paid first. Thereafter, if there were any assets of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC remaining, these assets would first be distributed to certain depositors of Pathfinder Bank based on such depositors’ liquidation rights. The amount received by such depositors would be equal to their pro rata interest in the remaining value of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC after claims of creditors, based on the relative size of their deposit accounts. Liquidation following the conversion. The plan of conversion and reorganization provides for the establishment, upon the completion of the conversion, of a liquidation account by New Pathfinder for the benefit of Eligible Account Holders and Supplemental Eligible Account Holders in an amount equal to (i) Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC’s ownership interest in Pathfinder-Federal’s total stockholders’ equity as of the date of the latest statement of financial condition used in this prospectus plus (ii) the value of the net assets of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC as of the date of the latest statement of financial condition of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC prior to the consummation of the conversion (excluding its ownership of Pathfinder-Federal). The plan of conversion also provides for the establishment of a parallel liquidation account in Pathfinder Bank to support the New Pathfinder liquidation account in the event New Pathfinder does not have sufficient assets to fund its obligations under the New Pathfinder liquidation account. In the unlikely event that Pathfinder Bank were to liquidate after the conversion, all claims of creditors, including those of depositors, would be paid first. However, except with respect to the liquidation account to be established in Pathfinder-Federal, a depositor’s claim would be solely for the principal amount of his or her deposit accounts plus accrued interest. Depositors generally would not have an interest in the value of the assets of Pathfinder Bank or New Pathfinder above that amount. 148 Table of Contents The liquidation account established by New Pathfinder is designed to provide qualifying depositors a liquidation interest (exchanged for the liquidation interests such persons had in Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC) after the conversion in the event of a complete liquidation of New Pathfinder and Pathfinder Bank or a liquidation solely of Pathfinder Bank. Specifically, in the unlikely event that either (i) Pathfinder Bank or (ii) New Pathfinder and Pathfinder Bank were to liquidate after the conversion, all claims of creditors, including those of depositors, would be paid first, followed by a distribution to depositors as of March 31, 2013 and [Supplemental Eligibility Record Date] of their interests in the liquidation account maintained by New Pathfinder. Also, in a complete liquidation of both entities, or of Pathfinder Bank only, when New Pathfinder has insufficient assets (other than the stock of Pathfinder Bank) to fund the liquidation account distribution owed to Eligible Account Holders and Supplemental Eligible Account Holders, and Pathfinder Bank has positive net worth, then Pathfinder Bank shall immediately make a distribution to fund New Pathfinder’s remaining obligations under the liquidation account. In no event will any Eligible Account Holder or Supplemental Eligible Account Holder be entitled to a distribution that exceeds such holder’s interest in the liquidation account maintained by New Pathfinder as adjusted from time to time pursuant to the plan of conversion and federal regulations. If New Pathfinder is completely liquidated or sold apart from a sale or liquidation of Pathfinder Bank, then the New Pathfinder liquidation account will cease to exist and Eligible Account Holders and Supplemental Eligible Account Holders will receive an equivalent interest in the Pathfinder Bank liquidation account, subject to the same rights and terms as the New Pathfinder liquidation account. Pursuant to the plan of conversion and reorganization, after two years from the date of conversion, New Pathfinder may upon written approval of the Federal Reserve Board and will upon the written request of the Federal Reserve Board, transfer the liquidation account and the depositors’ interests in such account to Pathfinder Bank and the liquidation account shall thereupon be subsumed into the liquidation account of Pathfinder Bank. Under the rules and regulations of the Federal Reserve Board, a post-conversion merger, consolidation, or similar combination or transaction with another depository institution or depository institution holding company in which New Pathfinder or Pathfinder Bank is not the surviving institution, would not be considered a liquidation. In such a transaction, the liquidation account would be assumed by the surviving institution or company. Each Eligible Account Holder and Supplemental Eligible Account Holder would have an initial pro-rata interest in the liquidation account for each deposit account, including savings accounts, transaction accounts such as negotiable order of withdrawal accounts, money market deposit accounts, and certificates of deposit, with a balance of $50.00 or more held in Pathfinder Bank on March 31, 2013 or [Supplemental Eligibility Record Date] equal to the proportion that the balance of each Eligible Account Holder’s and Supplemental Eligible Account Holder’s deposit account on March 31, 2013 and [Supplemental Eligibility Record Date], respectively, bears to the balance of all deposit accounts of Eligible Account Holders and Supplemental Eligible Account Holders in Pathfinder Bank on such date. If, however, on any December 31 annual closing date commencing after the effective date of the conversion, the amount in any such deposit account is less than the amount in the deposit account on March 31, 2013 or [Supplemental Eligibility Record Date], or any other annual closing date, then the liquidation account as well as the interest in the liquidation account relating to such deposit account would be reduced from time to time by the proportion of any such reduction, and such interest will cease to exist if such deposit account is closed. In addition, no interest in the liquidation account would ever be increased despite any subsequent increase in the related deposit account. Payment pursuant to liquidation rights of Eligible Account Holders and Supplemental Eligible Account Holders would be separate and apart from the payment of any insured deposit accounts to such depositor. Any assets remaining after the above liquidation rights of Eligible Account Holders and Supplemental Eligible Account Holders are satisfied would be available for distribution to stockholders. Material Income Tax Consequences Completion of the conversion is subject to the prior receipt of an opinion of counsel or tax advisor with respect to the federal and state income tax consequences of the conversion to Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, Pathfinder-Federal, Pathfinder Bank, Eligible Account Holders, Supplemental Eligible Account Holders and Other Depositors of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC. Unlike private letter rulings, opinions of counsel or tax advisors are not binding on 149 Table of Contents the Internal Revenue Service or any state taxing authority, and such authorities may disagree with such opinions. In the event of such disagreement, there can be no assurance that New Pathfinder or Pathfinder Bank would prevail in a judicial proceeding. Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, Pathfinder-Federal, Pathfinder Bank and New Pathfinder have received an opinion of counsel, Luse Gorman Pomerenk & Schick, P.C., regarding all of the material federal income tax consequences of the conversion, which includes the following: 1. The merger of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC with and into Pathfinder-Federal will qualify as a tax-free reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a)(1)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code. 2. The constructive exchange of Eligible Account Holders’ and Supplemental Eligible Account Holders’ liquidation interests in Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC for liquidation interests in Pathfinder-Federal will satisfy the continuity of interest requirement of Section 1.368-1(b) of the Federal Income Tax Regulations. 3. None of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, Pathfinder-Federal, Eligible Account Holders nor Supplemental Eligible Account Holders, will recognize any gain or loss on the transfer of the assets of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC to Pathfinder-Federal in constructive exchange for liquidation interests in Pathfinder-Federal. 4. The basis of the assets of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC and the holding period of such assets to be received by Pathfinder-Federal will be the same as the basis and holding period of such assets in Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC immediately before the exchange. 5. The merger of Pathfinder-Federal with and into New Pathfinder will constitute a mere change in identity, form or place of organization within the meaning of Section 368(a)(1)(F) of the Internal Revenue Code and, therefore, will qualify as a tax-free reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a)(1)(F) of the Internal Revenue Code. Neither Pathfinder-Federal nor New Pathfinder will recognize gain or loss as a result of such merger. 6. The basis of the assets of Pathfinder-Federal and the holding period of such assets to be received by New Pathfinder will be the same as the basis and holding period of such assets in Pathfinder-Federal immediately before the exchange. 7. Current stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal will not recognize any gain or loss upon their exchange of Pathfinder-Federal common stock for New Pathfinder common stock. 8. Eligible Account Holders and Supplemental Eligible Account Holders will not recognize any gain or loss upon the constructive exchange of their liquidation interests in Pathfinder-Federal for interests in the liquidation account in New Pathfinder. 9. The exchange by the Eligible Account Holders and Supplemental Eligible Account Holders of the liquidation interests that they constructively received in Pathfinder-Federal for interests in the liquidation account established in New Pathfinder will satisfy the continuity of interest requirement of Section 1.368-1(b) of the Federal Income Tax Regulations. 10. Each stockholder’s aggregate basis in shares of New Pathfinder common stock (including fractional share interests) received in the exchange will be the same as the aggregate basis of Pathfinder-Federal common stock surrendered in the exchange. 11. Each stockholder’s holding period in his or her New Pathfinder common stock received in the exchange will include the period during which the Pathfinder-Federal common stock surrendered 150 Table of Contents was held, provided that the Pathfinder-Federal common stock surrendered is a capital asset in the hands of the stockholder on the date of the exchange. 12. Cash received by any current stockholder of Pathfinder-Federal in lieu of a fractional share interest in shares of New Pathfinder common stock will be treated as having been received as a distribution in full payment in exchange for a fractional share interest of New Pathfinder common stock, which such stockholder would otherwise be entitled to receive. Accordingly, a stockholder will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between the cash received and the basis of the fractional share. If the common stock is held by the stockholder as a capital asset, the gain or loss will be capital gain or loss. 13. It is more likely than not that the fair market value of the nontransferable subscription rights to purchase New Pathfinder common stock is zero. Accordingly, no gain or loss will be recognized by Eligible Account Holders, Supplemental Eligible Account Holders or Other Depositors upon distribution to them of nontransferable subscription rights to purchase shares of New Pathfinder common stock. Eligible Account Holders, Supplemental Eligible Account Holders and Other Depositors will not realize any taxable income as the result of the exercise by them of the nontransferable subscriptions rights. 14. It is more likely than not that the fair market value of the benefit provided by the liquidation account of Pathfinder Bank supporting the payment of the New Pathfinder liquidation account in the event New Pathfinder lacks sufficient net assets is zero. Accordingly, it is more likely than not that no gain or loss will be recognized by Eligible Account Holders and Supplemental Eligible Account Holders upon the constructive distribution to them of such rights in the Pathfinder Bank liquidation account as of the effective date of the merger of Pathfinder-Federal with and into New Pathfinder. 15. It is more likely than not that the basis of the shares of New Pathfinder common stock purchased in the offering by the exercise of nontransferable subscription rights will be the purchase price. The holding period of the New Pathfinder common stock purchased pursuant to the exercise of nontransferable subscription rights will commence on the date the right to acquire such stock was exercised. 16. No gain or loss will be recognized by New Pathfinder on the receipt of money in exchange for New Pathfinder common stock sold in the offering. We believe that the tax opinions summarized above address all material federal income tax consequences that are generally applicable to Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, Pathfinder-Federal, Pathfinder Bank, New Pathfinder and persons receiving subscription rights and stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal. With respect to items 13 and 15 above, Luse Gorman Pomerenk & Schick, P.C. noted that the subscription rights will be granted at no cost to the recipients, are legally non-transferable and of short duration, and will provide the recipient with the right only to purchase shares of common stock at the same price to be paid by members of the general public in any community offering. The firm further noted that RP Financial, LC. has issued a letter that the subscription rights have no ascertainable fair market value. The firm also noted that the Internal Revenue Service has not in the past concluded that subscription rights have value. Based on the foregoing, Luse Gorman Pomerenk & Schick, P.C. believes that it is more likely than not that the nontransferable subscription rights to purchase shares of common stock have no value. However, the issue of whether or not the nontransferable subscription rights have value is based on all the facts and circumstances. If the subscription rights granted to Eligible Account Holders, Supplemental Eligible Account Holders and Other Depositors are deemed to have an ascertainable value, receipt of these rights could result in taxable gain to those Eligible Account Holders, Supplemental Eligible Account Holders and Other Depositors who exercise the subscription rights in an amount equal to the ascertainable value, and we could recognize gain on a distribution. Eligible Account Holders, Supplemental Eligible Account Holders and Other Depositors are encouraged to consult with their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences in the event that subscription rights are deemed to have an ascertainable value. 151 Table of Contents The opinion as to item 14 above is based on the position that: (i) no holder of an interest in a liquidation account has ever received any payment attributable to a liquidation account; (ii) the interests in the liquidation accounts are not transferable; (iii) the amounts due under the liquidation account with respect to each Eligible Account Holder and Supplemental Eligible Account Holder will be reduced as their deposits in Pathfinder Bank are reduced; and (iv) the Pathfinder Bank liquidation account payment obligation arises only if New Pathfinder lacks sufficient assets to fund the liquidation account. In addition, we have received a letter from RP Financial, LC. stating its belief that the benefit provided by the Pathfinder Bank liquidation account supporting the payment of the liquidation account in the event New Pathfinder lacks sufficient net assets does not have any economic value at the time of the conversion. Based on the foregoing, Luse Gorman Pomerenk & Schick, P.C. believes it is more likely than not that such rights in the Pathfinder Bank liquidation account have no value. If such rights are subsequently found to have an economic value, income may be recognized by each Eligible Account Holder or Supplemental Eligible Account Holder in the amount of such fair market value as of the date of the conversion. The opinion of Luse Gorman Pomerenk & Schick, P.C., unlike a letter ruling issued by the Internal Revenue Service, is not binding on the Internal Revenue Service and the conclusions expressed therein may be challenged at a future date. The Internal Revenue Service has issued favorable rulings for transactions substantially similar to the proposed conversion and offering, but any such ruling may not be cited as precedent by any taxpayer other than the taxpayer to whom the ruling is addressed. We do not plan to apply for a letter ruling concerning the transactions described herein. We have also received an opinion from Bonadio & Co., LLP that the New York state income tax consequences are consistent with the federal income tax consequences. The federal and state tax opinions have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as exhibits to New Pathfinder’s registration statement. Certain Restrictions on Purchase or Transfer of Our Shares after Conversion All shares of common stock purchased in the offering by a director or certain officers of Pathfinder Bank generally may not be sold for a period of one year following the closing of the conversion, except in the event of the death of the director or officer. Our transfer agent will be given notice of this restriction on transfer, and instructions will be issued to the effect that any transfer within this time period of any record ownership of the shares other than as provided above is a violation of the restriction. Any shares of common stock issued at a later date as a stock dividend, stock split, or otherwise, with respect to the restricted stock will be similarly restricted. The directors and executive officers of New Pathfinder also will be restricted by the insider trading rules under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Purchases of shares of our common stock by any of our directors, certain officers and their associates, during the three-year period following the closing of the conversion may be made only through a broker or dealer registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission, except with the prior written approval of the Federal Reserve Board. This restriction does not apply, however, to negotiated transactions involving more than 1% of our outstanding common stock or to purchases of our common stock by our stock option plan or any of our tax-qualified employee stock benefit plans or non-tax-qualified employee stock benefit plans, including any restricted stock plans. Federal regulations prohibit New Pathfinder from repurchasing its shares of common stock during the first year following conversion unless compelling business reasons exist for such repurchases, or to fund management recognition plans that have been ratified by stockholders (with Federal Reserve Board approval) or tax-qualified employee stock benefit plans. In addition, the repurchase of shares of common stock is subject to Federal Reserve Board policy related to repurchases of shares by financial institution holding companies. 152 Table of Contents COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDERS’ RIGHTS FOR EXISTING STOCKHOLDERS OF PATHFINDER BANCORP, INC. General. As a result of the conversion, existing common stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal will become common stockholders of New Pathfinder There are differences in the rights of common stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal and common stockholders of New Pathfinder caused by differences between federal and Maryland law and regulations and differences in Pathfinder-Federal’s federal stock charter and bylaws and New Pathfinder’s Maryland articles of incorporation and bylaws. This discussion is not intended to be a complete statement of the differences affecting the rights of stockholders, but rather summarizes the material differences and similarities affecting the rights of stockholders. See “Where You Can Find Additional Information” for procedures for obtaining a copy of New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation and bylaws. Authorized Capital Stock. The authorized capital stock of Pathfinder-Federal consists of 10,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.01 par value per share. The authorized capital stock of New Pathfinder consists of 25,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share. Under Maryland General Corporation Law and New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation, the board of directors may increase or decrease the number of authorized shares without stockholder approval. Stockholder approval is required to increase or decrease the number of authorized shares of Pathfinder-Federal. Pathfinder-Federal’s charter and New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation both authorize the board of directors to establish one or more series of preferred stock and, for any series of preferred stock, to determine the terms and rights of the series, including voting rights, dividend rights, conversion and redemption rates and liquidation preferences. As a result of the ability to fix voting rights for a series of preferred stock, our board of directors has the power, to the extent consistent with its fiduciary duty, to issue a series of preferred stock to persons friendly to management in order to attempt to block a hostile tender offer, merger or other transaction by which a third party seeks control. We currently have no plans for the issuance of additional shares for such purposes. Issuance of Capital Stock. Pursuant to applicable laws and regulations, Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC is required to own not less than a majority of the outstanding shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock. Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC will no longer exist following completion of the conversion. New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation do not contain restrictions on the issuance of shares of capital stock to directors, officers or controlling persons, whereas Pathfinder-Federal’s charter restricts such issuances to general public offerings, or to directors for qualifying shares, unless the share issuance or the plan under which they would generally be issued has been approved by stockholders. However, stock-based compensation plans, such as stock option plans and restricted stock plans, would have to be submitted for approval by New Pathfinder stockholders due to requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market and in order to qualify stock options for favorable federal income tax treatment. Voting Rights. Neither Pathfinder-Federal’s charter or bylaws nor New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation or bylaws provide for cumulative voting for the election of directors. For additional information regarding voting rights, see “—Limitations on Voting Rights of Greater-than-10% Stockholders” below. Payment of Dividends. Pathfinder-Federal’s ability to pay dividends depends, to a large extent, upon Pathfinder Bank’s ability to pay dividends to Pathfinder-Federal, which is restricted by New York statutes and by federal income tax considerations related to savings banks. The same restrictions will apply to Pathfinder Bank’s payment of dividends to New Pathfinder. In addition, Maryland law generally provides that New Pathfinder is limited to paying dividends in an amount equal to 153 Table of Contents its capital surplus over payments that would be owed upon dissolution to stockholders whose preferential rights upon dissolution are superior to those receiving the dividend, and to an amount that would not make it insolvent. Board of Directors . Pathfinder-Federal’s bylaws and New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation require the board of directors to be divided into three classes and that the members of each class shall be elected for a term of three years and until their successors are elected and qualified, with one class being elected annually. Under Pathfinder-Federal’s bylaws, any vacancies on the board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors although less than a quorum of the board of directors. Persons elected by the board of directors of Pathfinder-Federal to fill vacancies may only serve until the next election of directors by stockholders. Under New Pathfinder’s bylaws, any vacancy occurring on the board of directors, including any vacancy created by reason of an increase in the number of directors, may be filled only by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the remaining directors, and any director so chosen shall hold office for the remainder of the term to which the director has been elected and until his or her successor is elected and qualified. Limitations on Liability. The charter and bylaws of Pathfinder-Federal do not limit the personal liability of directors or officers. New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation provide that directors and officers will not be personally liable for monetary damages to New Pathfinder for certain actions as directors or officers, except for (i) receipt of an improper personal benefit, (ii) actions or omissions that are determined to have materially involved active and deliberate dishonesty, or (iii) to the extent otherwise provided by Maryland law. These provisions might, in certain instances, discourage or deter stockholders or management from bringing a lawsuit against directors or officers for a breach of their duties even though such an action, if successful, might benefit New Pathfinder. Indemnification of Directors, Officers, Employees and Agents. As generally allowed under current Federal Reserve Board regulations, Pathfinder-Federal will indemnify its directors, officers and employees for any reasonable costs incurred in connection with any litigation involving such person’s activities as a director, officer or employee if such person obtains a final judgment on the merits in his or her favor. In addition, indemnification is permitted in the case of a settlement, a final judgment against such person, or final judgment other than on the merits, if a majority of disinterested directors determines that such person was acting in good faith within the scope of his or her employment as he or she could reasonably have perceived it under the circumstances and for a purpose he or she could reasonably have believed under the circumstances was in the best interests of Pathfinder-Federal or its stockholders. Pathfinder-Federal also is permitted to pay ongoing expenses incurred by a director, officer or employee if a majority of disinterested directors concludes that such person may ultimately be entitled to indemnification. Before making any indemnification payment, Pathfinder-Federal is required to notify the Federal Reserve Board of its intention, and such payment cannot be made if the Federal Reserve Board objects to such payment. The articles of incorporation of New Pathfinder provide that it shall indemnify (i) its current and former directors and officers to the fullest extent required or permitted by Maryland law, including the advancement of expenses, and (ii) other employees or agents to such extent as shall be authorized by the board of directors and Maryland law, all subject to any applicable federal law. Maryland law allows New Pathfinder to indemnify any person for expenses, liabilities, settlements, judgments and fines in suits in which such person has been made a party by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director, officer or employee of New Pathfinder. No such indemnification may be given if the acts or omissions of the person are adjudged to be in bad faith and material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding, if such person is liable to the corporation for an unlawful distribution, or if such person personally received a benefit to which he or she was not entitled. The right to indemnification includes the right to be paid the expenses incurred in advance of final disposition of a proceeding. Special Meetings of Stockholders. Pathfinder-Federal’s bylaws provide that special meetings of stockholders may be called by the chairman, the president, a majority of the members of the board of directors or the holders of not less than 10% of the outstanding capital stock entitled to vote at the meeting. New Pathfinder’s bylaws provide that special meetings of stockholders may be called by the chairman, the vice chairman, by a 154 Table of Contents majority vote of the total authorized directors, or upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast at least a majority of all votes entitled to vote at the meeting. Stockholder Nominations and Proposals. Pathfinder-Federal’s bylaws provide that stockholders may submit nominations for election of directors at an annual meeting of stockholders and may propose any new business to be taken up at such a meeting by filing the proposal in writing with Pathfinder-Federal at least five days before the date of any such meeting. New Pathfinder’s bylaws provide that any stockholder desiring to make a nomination for the election of directors or a proposal for new business at a meeting of stockholders must submit written notice to New Pathfinder at least 80 days prior and not earlier than 90 days prior to such meeting. However, if less than 90 days’ notice or prior public disclosure of the date of the meeting is given to stockholders, such written notice must be submitted by a stockholder not later than the tenth day following the day on which notice of the meeting was mailed to stockholders or such public disclosure was made. Management believes that it is in the best interest of New Pathfinder and its stockholders to provide sufficient time to enable management to disclose to stockholders information about a dissident slate of nominations for directors. This advance notice requirement may also give management time to solicit its own proxies in an attempt to defeat any dissident slate of nominations, should management determine that doing so is in the best interests of stockholders generally. Similarly, adequate advance notice of stockholder proposals will give management time to study such proposals and to determine whether to recommend to the stockholders that such proposals be adopted. In certain instances, such provisions could make it more difficult to oppose management’s nominees or proposals, even if stockholders believe such nominees or proposals are in their best interests. Stockholder Action Without a Meeting. The bylaws of Pathfinder-Federal provide that action may be taken without a meeting if all stockholders entitled to vote on such matter consent in writing. New Pathfinder’s bylaws do not provide for action to be taken by stockholders without a meeting. However, under Maryland law, action may be taken by stockholders without a meeting if all stockholders entitled to vote on the action consent to taking such action without a meeting. Stockholder’s Right to Examine Books and Records. Pathfinder-Federal’s bylaws provide that it may either make available for inspection, at least 20 days prior to a stockholders meeting, a list of the stockholders of record entitled to vote at such meeting, or the Board of Directors may elect to follow the procedures described in 12 C.F.R. 239.26(d) of the Federal Reserve Board’s regulations regarding the right to examine books and records. The federal regulation noted above provides that stockholders may inspect and copy specified books and records after proper written notice for a proper purpose. Maryland law provides that a stockholder may inspect a company’s bylaws, stockholder minutes, annual statement of affairs and any voting trust agreements. However, only a stockholder or group of stockholders who together, for at least three months, hold at least 5% of the company’s total shares, have the right to inspect a company’s stock ledger, list of stockholders and books of accounts. Limitations on Voting Rights of Greater-than-10% Stockholders. New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation provide that no beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 10% of the outstanding shares of common stock will be permitted to vote any shares in excess of such 10% limit. Pathfinder-Federal’s charter does not contain voting limits based on stock ownership. In addition, federal regulations provide that for a period of three years following the date of the completion of the offering, no person, acting singly or together with associates in a group of persons acting in concert, may directly or indirectly offer to acquire or acquire the beneficial ownership of more than 10% of a class of New Pathfinder’s equity securities without the prior written approval of the Federal Reserve Board. Where any person acquires beneficial ownership of more than 10% of a class of New Pathfinder’s equity securities without the prior written approval of the Federal Reserve Board, the securities beneficially owned by such person in excess of 10% may not be voted by any person or counted as voting shares in connection with any matter submitted to the stockholders for a vote, and will not be counted as outstanding for purposes of determining the affirmative vote necessary to approve any matter submitted to the stockholders for a vote. 155 Table of Contents Business Combinations with Interested Stockholders. Under Maryland law, “business combinations” between New Pathfinder and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. These business combinations include a merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange or, in circumstances specified in the statute, certain transfers of assets, certain stock issuances and transfers, liquidation plans and reclassifications involving interested stockholders and their affiliates or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. Maryland law defines an interested stockholder as: (i) any person who beneficially owns 10% or more of the voting power of New Pathfinder’s voting stock after the date on which New Pathfinder had 100 or more beneficial owners of its stock; or (ii) an affiliate or associate of New Pathfinder at any time after the date on which New Pathfinder had 100 or more beneficial owners of its stock who, within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10% or more of the voting power of the then-outstanding voting stock of New Pathfinder. A person is not an interested stockholder under the statute if the board of directors approved in advance the transaction by which the person otherwise would have become an interested stockholder. However, in approving a transaction, the board of directors may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of approval, with any terms and conditions determined by the board. After the five-year prohibition, any business combination between New Pathfinder and an interested stockholder generally must be recommended by the board of directors of New Pathfinder and approved by the affirmative vote of at least: (i) 80% of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of voting stock of New Pathfinder, and (ii) two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of New Pathfinder other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom or with whose affiliate the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder. These super-majority vote requirements do not apply if New Pathfinder’s common stockholders receive a minimum price, as defined under Maryland law, for their shares in the form of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares. Current federal regulations do not provide a vote standard for business combinations involving federal mid-tier stock holding companies. Mergers, Consolidations and Sales of Assets . Under New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation, a merger or consolidation of New Pathfinder requires approval of a majority of all votes entitled to be cast by stockholders. However, no approval by stockholders is required for a merger if: · the plan of merger does not make an amendment to the articles of incorporation that would be required to be approved by the stockholders; · each stockholder of the surviving corporation whose shares were outstanding immediately before the effective date of the merger will hold the same number of shares, with identical designations, preferences, limitations, and rights, immediately after; and · the number of shares of any class or series of stock outstanding immediately after the effective time of the merger will not increase by more than 20% the total number of voting shares outstanding immediately before the merger. In addition, under certain circumstances the approval of the stockholders shall not be required to authorize a merger with or into a 90% owned subsidiary of New Pathfinder. Under Maryland law, a sale of all or substantially all of New Pathfinder’s assets other than in the ordinary course of business, or a voluntary dissolution of New Pathfinder, requires the approval of its board of directors and the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the votes of stockholders entitled to be cast on the matter. Current federal regulations do not provide a vote standard for mergers, consolidations or sales of assets by federal mid-tier stock holding companies. 156 Table of Contents Evaluation of Offers. The articles of incorporation of New Pathfinder provide that its board of directors, when evaluating a transaction that would or may involve a change in control of New Pathfinder (whether by purchases of its securities, merger, consolidation, share exchange, dissolution, liquidation, sale of all or substantially all of its assets, proxy solicitation or otherwise), may, in connection with the exercise of its business judgment in determining what is in the best interests of New Pathfinder and its stockholders and in making any recommendation to the stockholders, give due consideration to all relevant factors, including, but not limited to: · the economic effect, both immediate and long-term, upon New Pathfinder’s stockholders, including stockholders, if any, who do not participate in the transaction; · the social and economic effect on the present and future employees, creditors and customers of, and others dealing with, New Pathfinder and its subsidiaries and on the communities in which New Pathfinder and its subsidiaries operate or are located; · whether the proposal is acceptable based on the historical, current or projected future operating results or financial condition of New Pathfinder; · whether a more favorable price could be obtained for New Pathfinder’s stock or other securities in the future; · the reputation and business practices of the other entity to be involved in the transaction and its management and affiliates as they would affect the employees of New Pathfinder and its subsidiaries; · the future value of the stock or any other securities of New Pathfinder or the other entity to be involved in the proposed transaction; · any antitrust or other legal and regulatory issues that are raised by the proposal; · the business and historical, current or expected future financial condition or operating results of the other entity to be involved in the transaction, including, but not limited to, debt service and other existing financial obligations, financial obligations to be incurred in connection with the proposed transaction, and other likely financial obligations of the other entity to be involved in the proposed transaction; and · the ability of New Pathfinder to fulfill its objectives as a financial institution holding company and on the ability of its subsidiary financial institution(s) to fulfill the objectives of a federally insured financial institution under applicable statutes and regulations. If the board of directors determines that any proposed transaction should be rejected, it may take any lawful action to defeat such transaction. Pathfinder-Federal’s charter and bylaws do not contain a similar provision. Dissenters’ Rights of Appraisal . Under Maryland law, stockholders of New Pathfinder will not have dissenters’ appraisal rights in connection with a plan of merger or consolidation to which New Pathfinder is a party as long as the common stock of New Pathfinder trades on a national securities exchange. Current federal regulations do not provide for dissenters’ appraisal rights for stockholders of federal mid-tier stock holding companies. 157 Table of Contents Amendment of Governing Instruments . No amendment of Pathfinder-Federal’s stock charter may be made unless it is first proposed by the board of directors then approved or preapproved by the Federal Reserve Board, and approved by the holders of a majority of the total votes eligible to be cast at a legal meeting. Amendments to Pathfinder-Federal’s bylaws require either preliminary approval by or post-adoption notice to the Federal Reserve Board as well as approval of the amendment by a majority vote of the authorized board of directors, or by a majority of the votes cast by the stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal at any legal meeting. New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation may be amended, upon the submission of an amendment by the board of directors to a vote of the stockholders, by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of common stock, or by the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock if at least two-thirds of the members of the whole board of directors approves such amendment; provided, however, that approval by at least 80% of the outstanding voting stock is generally required to amend the following provisions: (i) The limitation on voting rights of persons who directly or indirectly beneficially own more than 10% of the outstanding shares of common stock; (ii) The division of the board of directors into three staggered classes; (iii) The ability of the board of directors to fill vacancies on the board; (iv) The requirement that directors may only be removed for cause and by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes eligible to be cast by stockholders; (v) The ability of the board of directors to amend and repeal the bylaws; (vi) The ability of the board of directors to evaluate a variety of factors in evaluating offers to purchase or otherwise acquire New Pathfinder; (vii) The authority of the board of directors to provide for the issuance of preferred stock; (viii) The validity and effectiveness of any action lawfully authorized by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the total number of outstanding shares of common stock; (ix) The number of stockholders constituting a quorum or required for stockholder consent; (x) The indemnification of current and former directors and officers, as well as employees and other agents, by New Pathfinder; (xi) The limitation of liability of officers and directors to New Pathfinder for money damages; (xii) The inability of stockholders to cumulate their votes in the election of directors; (xiii) The requirement that the forum for certain actions or disputes will be a state or federal court located within the State of Maryland; (xiv) The advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations; and (xv) The provision of the articles of incorporation requiring approval of at least 80% of the outstanding voting stock to amend the provisions of the articles of incorporation provided in (i) through (xiv) of this list. The articles of incorporation also provide that the bylaws may be amended by the affirmative vote of a majority of our directors or by the stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least 80% of the total votes eligible to 158 Table of Contents be voted at a duly constituted meeting of stockholders. Any amendment of this super-majority requirement for amendment of the bylaws would also require the approval of 80% of the outstanding voting stock. RESTRICTIONS ON ACQUISITION OF NEW PATHFINDER Although the board of directors of New Pathfinder is not aware of any effort that might be made to obtain control of New Pathfinder after the conversion, the board of directors believes that it is appropriate to include certain provisions as part of New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation to protect the interests of New Pathfinder and its stockholders from takeovers which the board of directors might conclude are not in the best interests of Pathfinder Bank, New Pathfinder or New Pathfinder’s stockholders. The following discussion is a general summary of the material provisions of Maryland law, New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation and bylaws and certain other regulatory provisions that may be deemed to have an “anti-takeover” effect. The following description is necessarily general and is not intended to be a complete description of the document or regulatory provision in question. New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation and bylaws are included as part of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC’s application for conversion filed with the Federal Reserve Board and New Pathfinder’s registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. See “Where You Can Find Additional Information.” Maryland Law and Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of New Pathfinder Maryland law, as well as New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation and bylaws, contain a number of provisions relating to corporate governance and rights of stockholders that may discourage future takeover attempts. As a result, stockholders who might desire to participate in such transactions may not have an opportunity to do so. In addition, these provisions will also render the removal of the board of directors or management of New Pathfinder more difficult. Directors . The board of directors will be divided into three classes. The members of each class will be elected for a term of three years and only one class of directors will be elected annually. Thus, it would take at least two annual elections to replace a majority of the board of directors. The bylaws establish qualifications for board members, including restrictions on affiliations with competitors of Pathfinder Bank and restrictions based upon prior legal or regulatory violations. Further, the bylaws impose notice and information requirements in connection with the nomination by stockholders of candidates for election to the board of directors or the proposal by stockholders of business to be acted upon at an annual meeting of stockholders. Such notice and information requirements are applicable to all stockholder business proposals and nominations, and are in addition to any requirements under the federal securities laws. Restrictions on Call of Special Meetings . The articles of incorporation and bylaws provide that special meetings of stockholders can be called by the president, by a majority of the whole board of directors or upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast at least a majority of all votes entitled to vote at the meeting. Prohibition of Cumulative Voting . The articles of incorporation prohibit cumulative voting for the election of directors. Limitation of Voting Rights . The articles of incorporation provide that in no event will any person who beneficially owns more than 10% of the then-outstanding shares of common stock, be entitled or permitted to vote any of the shares of common stock held in excess of the 10% limit. This provision has been included in the articles of incorporation in reliance on Section 2-507(a) of the Maryland General Corporation Law, which entitles stockholders to one vote for each share of stock unless the articles of incorporation provide for a greater or lesser number of votes per share or limit or deny voting rights. Restrictions on Removing Directors from Office . The articles of incorporation provide that directors may be removed only for cause, and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power 159 Table of Contents of all of our then-outstanding common stock entitled to vote (after giving effect to the limitation on voting rights discussed above in “—Limitation of Voting Rights.”). Authorized but Unissued Shares . After the conversion, New Pathfinder will have authorized but unissued shares of common and preferred stock. See “Description of Capital Stock of New Pathfinder Following the Conversion.” The articles of incorporation authorize 10,000,000 shares of serial preferred stock. New Pathfinder is authorized to issue preferred stock from time to time in one or more series subject to applicable provisions of law, and the board of directors is authorized to fix the designations, and relative preferences, limitations, voting rights, if any, including without limitation, offering rights of such shares (which could be multiple or as a separate class). In the event of a proposed merger, tender offer or other attempt to gain control of New Pathfinder that the board of directors does not approve, it may be possible for the board of directors to authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock with rights and preferences that would impede the completion of the transaction. An effect of the possible issuance of preferred stock therefore may be to deter a future attempt to gain control of New Pathfinder. The board of directors has no present plan or understanding to issue any preferred stock other than exchanging Pathfinder-Federal’s Series B Preferred Stock for preferred stock of New Pathfinder with rights and preferences identical to the Series B Preferred Stock of Pathfinder-Federal on a one for one exchange basis. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. Amendments to the articles of incorporation must be approved by the board of directors and by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of common stock, or by the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock if at least two-thirds of the members of the whole board of directors approves such amendment; provided, however, that approval by at least 80% of the outstanding voting stock is generally required to amend certain provisions. A list of these provisions is provided under “Comparison of Stockholders’ Rights For Existing Stockholders of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.—Amendment of Governing Instruments” above. The articles of incorporation also provide that the bylaws may be amended by the affirmative vote of a majority of New Pathfinder’s directors or by the stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least 80% of the total votes eligible to be cast at a duly constituted meeting of stockholders. Any amendment of this super-majority requirement for amendment of the bylaws would also require the approval of 80% of the total votes eligible to be cast. The provisions requiring the affirmative vote of 80% of the total eligible votes eligible to be cast for certain stockholder actions have been included in the articles of incorporation of New Pathfinder in reliance on Section 2-104(b)(4) of the Maryland General Corporation Law. Section 2-104(b)(4) permits the articles of incorporation to require a greater proportion of votes than the proportion that would otherwise be required for stockholder action under the Maryland General Corporation Law. Business Combinations with Interested Stockholders . Maryland law restricts mergers, consolidations, sales of assets and other business combinations between New Pathfinder and an “interested stockholder.” See “Comparison of Stockholder Rights for Existing Stockholders of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.—Mergers, Consolidations and Sales of Assets” above. Evaluation of Offers. The articles of incorporation of New Pathfinder provide that its board of directors, when evaluating a transaction that would or may involve a change in control of New Pathfinder (whether by purchases of its securities, merger, consolidation, share exchange, dissolution, liquidation, sale of all or substantially all of its assets, proxy solicitation or otherwise), may, in connection with the exercise of its business judgment in determining what is in the best interests of New Pathfinder and its stockholders and in making any recommendation to the stockholders, give due consideration to all relevant factors, including, but not limited to, certain enumerated factors. For a list of these enumerated factors, see “Comparison of Stockholder Rights for Existing Stockholders of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.—Evaluation of Offers” above. Purpose and Anti-Takeover Effects of New Pathfinder’s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws . Our board of directors believes that the provisions described above are prudent and will reduce our vulnerability to takeover attempts and certain other transactions that have not been negotiated with and approved by our board of 160 Table of Contents directors. These provisions also will assist us in the orderly deployment of the offering proceeds into productive assets during the initial period after the conversion. We believe these provisions are in the best interests of New Pathfinder and its stockholders. Our board of directors believes that it will be in the best position to determine the true value of New Pathfinder and to negotiate more effectively for what may be in the best interests of all our stockholders. Accordingly, our board of directors believes that it is in the best interests of New Pathfinder and all of our stockholders to encourage potential acquirers to negotiate directly with the board of directors and that these provisions will encourage such negotiations and discourage hostile takeover attempts. It is also the view of our board of directors that these provisions should not discourage persons from proposing a merger or other transaction at a price reflective of the true value of New Pathfinder and that is in the best interests of all our stockholders. Takeover attempts that have not been negotiated with and approved by our board of directors present the risk of a takeover on terms that may be less favorable than might otherwise be available. A transaction that is negotiated and approved by our board of directors, on the other hand, can be carefully planned and undertaken at an opportune time in order to obtain maximum value for our stockholders, with due consideration given to matters such as the management and business of the acquiring corporation. Although a tender offer or other takeover attempt may be made at a price substantially above the current market price, such offers are sometimes made for less than all of the outstanding shares of a target company. As a result, stockholders may be presented with the alternative of partially liquidating their investment at a time that may be disadvantageous, or retaining their investment in an enterprise that is under different management and whose objectives may not be similar to those of the remaining stockholders. Despite our belief as to the benefits to stockholders of these provisions of New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation and bylaws, these provisions also may have the effect of discouraging a future takeover attempt that would not be approved by our board of directors, but pursuant to which stockholders may receive a substantial premium for their shares over then current market prices. As a result, stockholders who might desire to participate in such a transaction may not have any opportunity to do so. Such provisions will also make it more difficult to remove our board of directors and management. Our board of directors, however, has concluded that the potential benefits outweigh the possible disadvantages. Restated Organization Certificate of Pathfinder Bank Pathfinder Bank’s Restated Organization Certificate will be amended to provide that for a period of three years from the closing of the conversion and offering, no person other than New Pathfinder may offer directly or indirectly to acquire the beneficial ownership of more than 10% of any class of equity security of Pathfinder Bank. In addition, during this three-year period, all shares owned over the 10% limit may not be voted on any matter submitted to stockholders for a vote. Conversion Regulations Federal Reserve Board regulations prohibit any person from making an offer, announcing an intent to make an offer or participating in any other arrangement to purchase stock or acquire stock or subscription rights in a converting institution or its holding company from another person prior to completion of its conversion. Further, without the prior written approval of the Federal Reserve Board, no person may make an offer or announcement of an offer to purchase shares or actually acquire shares of a converted institution or its holding company for a period of three years from the date of the completion of the conversion if, upon the completion of such offer, announcement or acquisition, the person would become the beneficial owner of more than 10% of the outstanding stock of the institution or its holding company. The Federal Reserve Board has defined “person” to include any individual, group acting in concert, corporation, partnership, association, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or similar company, a syndicate or any other group formed for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of securities of an insured institution. However, offers made exclusively to a bank or its holding company, or to an underwriter or member of a selling group acting on the converting institution’s or its holding company’s behalf for resale to the general public, are excepted. The regulation also provides civil penalties for willful violation or assistance in any such violation of the regulation by any person connected with the management 161 Table of Contents of the converting institution or its holding company or who controls more than 10% of the outstanding shares or voting rights of a converted institution or its holding company. Change in Control Regulations Under the Change in Bank Control Act, no person may acquire control of an insured savings bank or its parent holding company unless the Federal Reserve Board has been given 60 days’ prior written notice and has not issued a notice disapproving the proposed acquisition. The Federal Reserve Board takes into consideration certain factors, including the financial and managerial resources of the acquirer and the competitive effects of the acquisition. In addition, federal regulations provide that no company may acquire control of a savings bank without the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board. Any company that acquires such control becomes a “bank holding company” subject to registration, examination and regulation by the Federal Reserve Board. Control, as defined under federal law, means ownership, control of or holding irrevocable proxies representing more than 25% of any class of voting stock, control in any manner of the election of a majority of the company’s directors, or a determination by the Federal Reserve Board that the acquiror has the power to direct, or directly or indirectly to exercise a controlling influence over, the management or policies of the institution. Acquisition of more than 10% of any class of a bank holding company’s voting stock constitutes a rebuttable determination of control under the regulations under certain circumstances including where, as will be the case with New Pathfinder, the issuer has registered securities under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Federal Reserve Board regulations provide that parties seeking to rebut control will be provided an opportunity to do so in writing. DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK OF NEW PATHFINDER FOLLOWING THE CONVERSION General New Pathfinder is authorized to issue 25,000,000 shares of common stock, par value of $0.01 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share. New Pathfinder currently expects to issue in the offering and exchange up to 3,784,614 shares of common stock, subject to adjustment up to 4,352,306 shares. Pathfinder-Federal’s Series B Preferred Stock will not be redeemed in connection with the conversion and will be exchanged for preferred stock of New Pathfinder with rights and preferences identical to the Series B Preferred Stock of Pathfinder-Federal on a one for one exchange basis. No other preferred stock will be issued in the conversion. Each share of common stock will have the same relative rights as, and will be identical in all respects to, each other share of common stock. Upon payment of the subscription price for the common stock, in accordance with the plan of conversion and reorganization, all of the shares of common stock will be duly authorized, fully paid and nonassessable. The shares of common stock will represent nonwithdrawable capital, will not be an account of an insurable type, and will not be insured by the FDIC or any other government agency. Common Stock Dividends . New Pathfinder may pay dividends to an amount equal to the excess of our capital surplus over payments that would be owed upon dissolution to stockholders whose preferential rights upon dissolution are superior to those receiving the dividend, and to an amount that would not make us insolvent, as and when declared by our board of directors. The payment of dividends by New Pathfinder is also subject to limitations that are imposed by law and applicable regulation, including restrictions on payments of dividends that would reduce New Pathfinder’s assets below the then-adjusted balance of its liquidation account. The holders of common stock of New Pathfinder will be entitled to receive and share equally in dividends as may be declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. If New Pathfinder issues shares of preferred stock, the holders thereof may have a priority over the holders of the common stock with respect to dividends. 162 Table of Contents Voting Rights . Upon completion of the conversion, the holders of common stock of New Pathfinder will have exclusive voting rights in New Pathfinder. They will elect New Pathfinder’s board of directors and act on other matters as are required to be presented to them under Maryland law or as are otherwise presented to them by the board of directors. Generally, each holder of common stock will be entitled to one vote per share and will not have any right to cumulate votes in the election of directors. Any person who beneficially owns more than 10% of the then-outstanding shares of New Pathfinder’s common stock, however, will not be entitled or permitted to vote any shares of common stock held in excess of the 10% limit. If New Pathfinder issues shares of preferred stock, holders of the preferred stock may also possess voting rights. Certain matters require the approval of 80% of our outstanding common stock. As a New York-chartered stock savings bank, corporate powers and control of Pathfinder Bank are vested in its board of trustees, who elect the officers of Pathfinder Bank and who fill any vacancies on the board of directors. Voting rights of Pathfinder Bank are vested exclusively in the owners of the shares of capital stock of Pathfinder Bank, which will be New Pathfinder, and voted at the direction of New Pathfinder’s board of directors. Consequently, the holders of the common stock of New Pathfinder will not have direct control of Pathfinder Bank. Liquidation . In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Pathfinder Bank, New Pathfinder, as the holder of 100% of Pathfinder Bank’s capital stock, would be entitled to receive all assets of Pathfinder Bank available for distribution, after payment or provision for payment of all debts and liabilities of Pathfinder Bank, including all deposit accounts and accrued interest thereon, and after distribution of the balance in the liquidation account to Eligible Account Holders and Supplemental Eligible Account Holders. In the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up of New Pathfinder, the holders of its common stock would be entitled to receive, after payment or provision for payment of all its debts and liabilities (including payments with respect to its liquidation account), all of the assets of New Pathfinder available for distribution. If preferred stock is issued, the holders thereof may have a priority over the holders of the common stock in the event of liquidation or dissolution. Preemptive Rights . Holders of the common stock of New Pathfinder will not be entitled to preemptive rights with respect to any shares that may be issued. The common stock is not subject to redemption. Preferred Stock None of the shares of New Pathfinder’s authorized preferred stock will be issued as part of the offering or the conversion. Preferred stock may be issued with preferences and designations as our board of directors may from time to time determine. Our board of directors may, without stockholder approval, issue shares of preferred stock with voting, dividend, liquidation and conversion rights that could dilute the voting strength of the holders of the common stock and may assist management in impeding an unfriendly takeover or attempted change in control. Pathfinder-Federal previously issued 13,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock to the U.S. Treasury as part of the SBLF Program, for a purchase price of $13.0 million. The Series B Preferred Stock will not be redeemed in connection with the conversion and it will be exchanged into preferred stock of New Pathfinder with rights and preferences identical to the Series B Preferred Stock of Pathfinder-Federal on a one for one exchange basis. No other preferred stock will be issued as a result of the conversion. TRANSFER AGENT The transfer agent and registrar for New Pathfinder’s common stock is Registrar and Transfer Company, Cranford, New Jersey. EXPERTS The consolidated financial statements of Pathfinder-Federal and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, and for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2013, have been included herein and in the registration statement in reliance upon the reports of Bonadio & Co., LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, appearing elsewhere herein, and upon the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing. 163 Table of Contents RP Financial, LC. has consented to the publication herein of the summary of its report setting forth its opinion as to the estimated pro forma market value of the shares of common stock upon completion of the conversion and offering and its letters with respect to subscription rights and the liquidation accounts. LEGAL MATTERS Luse Gorman Pomerenk & Schick, P.C., Washington, D.C., counsel to New Pathfinder, Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, Pathfinder-Federal and Pathfinder Bank, has issued to New Pathfinder its opinion regarding the legality of the common stock and the federal income tax consequences of the conversion. Attorneys with Luse Gorman Pomerenk & Schick, P.C., may exercise their subscription and voting rights as depositors of Pathfinder Bank in connection with the conversion and offering. Bonadio & Co., LLP has provided an opinion to us regarding the New York income tax consequences of the conversion. Certain legal matters will be passed upon for Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. by Goodwin Procter LLP, Washington, D.C. WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION New Pathfinder has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 with respect to the shares of common stock offered hereby. As permitted by the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, this prospectus does not contain all the information set forth in the registration statement. Such information, including the appraisal report which is an exhibit to the registration statement, can be examined without charge at the public reference facilities of the Securities and Exchange Commission located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, and copies of such material can be obtained from the Securities and Exchange Commission at prescribed rates. The Securities and Exchange Commission telephone number is 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the Securities and Exchange Commission maintains a web site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including New Pathfinder. The statements contained in this prospectus as to the contents of any contract or other document filed as an exhibit to the registration statement are, of necessity, brief descriptions of the material terms of, and should be read in conjunction with, such contract or document. Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC has filed with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System an Application on Form AC with respect to the conversion, and New Pathfinder has filed with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System a FR Y-3 with respect to its acquisition of Pathfinder Bank. This prospectus omits certain information contained in those applications. To obtain a copy of the applications filed with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, you may contact H. Robert Tillman, Assistant Vice President of the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia, at (215) 574-4155. The plan of conversion and reorganization is available, upon request, at each of Pathfinder Bank’s offices. In connection with the offering, New Pathfinder will register its common stock under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, upon such registration, New Pathfinder and the holders of its common stock will become subject to the proxy solicitation rules, reporting requirements and restrictions on common stock purchases and sales by directors, officers and greater than 10% stockholders, the annual and periodic reporting and certain other requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Under the plan of conversion and reorganization, New Pathfinder has undertaken that it will not terminate such registration for a period of at least three years following the offering. 164 Table of Contents PATHFINDER BANCORP, INC. Oswego, New York CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS March 31, 2014 (Unaudited), December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012 CONTENTS REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM F-2 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CONDITION F-3 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME F-4 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME F-5 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY F-7 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS F-9 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-11 F- 1 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. Oswego, New York We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of condition of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the years then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. /s/ BONADIO & CO., LLP Bonadio & Co., LLP Syracuse, New York March 17, 2014 F- 2 Table of Contents PATHFINDER BANCORP, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CONDITION (unaudited) March 31, December 31, December 31, (In thousands, except share and per share data) 2014 2013 2012 ASSETS: Cash and due from banks $ 7,164 $ 6,535 $ 6,435 Interest earning deposits 11,769 10,040 2,230 Total cash and cash equivalents 18,933 16,575 8,665 Interest earning time deposits 500 500 2,000 Available-for-sale securities, at fair value 83,663 80,959 108,339 Held-to-maturity securities, at amortized cost (fair value of $43,359 and $34,222, respectively) 42,990 34,412 - Federal Home Loan Bank stock, at cost 2,035 2,440 1,929 Loans 348,142 341,633 333,748 Less: Allowance for loan losses 4,999 5,041 4,501 Loans receivable, net 343,143 336,592 329,247 Premises and equipment, net 11,832 11,644 10,108 Accrued interest receivable 1,813 1,715 1,717 Foreclosed real estate 699 619 426 Intangible assets, net 184 187 - Goodwill 4,367 4,367 3,840 Bank owned life insurance 10,108 8,268 8,046 Other assets 5,579 5,515 3,479 Total assets $ 525,846 $ 503,793 $ 477,796 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY: Deposits: Interest-bearing $ 381,987 $ 361,969 $ 347,892 Noninterest-bearing 56,365 48,171 43,913 Total deposits 438,352 410,140 391,805 Short-term borrowings 17,000 24,000 9,000 Long-term borrowings 16,826 16,853 25,964 Junior subordinated debentures 5,155 5,155 5,155 Accrued interest payable 98 86 140 Other liabilities 4,613 4,489 4,985 Total liabilities 482,044 460,723 437,049 Shareholders' equity: Preferred stock - SBLF, par value $0.01 per share; $1,000 liquidation preference; 13,000 shares authorized; 13,000 shares issued and outstanding 13,000 13,000 13,000 Common stock, par value $0.01; authorized 10,000,000 shares; 2,979,969 shares issued and 2,623,182 shares outstanding 30 30 30 Additional paid in capital 8,264 8,226 8,120 Retained earnings 29,201 28,788 26,685 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (1,522 ) (1,745 ) (1,318 ) Unearned ESOP (798 ) (826 ) (936 ) Treasury stock, at cost; 356,787 shares (4,761 ) (4,761 ) (4,834 ) Total Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.shareholders' equity 43,414 42,712 40,747 Noncontrolling interest 388 358 - Total equity 43,802 43,070 40,747 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity $ 525,846 $ 503,793 $ 477,796 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. F- 3 Table of Contents PATHFINDER BANCORP, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (unaudited) (unaudited) For the three months ended For the year ended (In thousands, except per share data) March 31, 2014 March 31, 2013 December 31, 2013 December 31, 2012 Interest and dividend income: Loans, including fees $ 4,063 $ 4,125 $ 16,347 $ 16,082 Debt securities: Taxable 421 384 1,574 1,762 Tax-exempt 195 191 762 728 Dividends 33 34 174 165 Interest earning time deposits 2 6 19 24 Federal funds sold and interest earning deposits 1 1 7 4 Total interest income 4,715 4,741 18,883 18,765 Interest expense: Interest on deposits 529 659 2,478 2,896 Interest on short-term borrowings 19 8 60 26 Interest on long-term borrowings 147 229 726 986 Total interest expense 695 896 3,264 3,908 Net interest income 4,020 3,845 15,619 14,857 Provision for loan losses 245 324 1,032 825 Net interest income after provision for loan losses 3,775 3,521 14,587 14,032 Noninterest income: Service charges on deposit accounts 279 255 1,175 1,112 Earnings and gain on bank owned life insurance 60 61 224 309 Loan servicing fees 54 44 146 211 Net gains on sales and redemptions of investment securities 2 39 365 375 Net gains on sales of loans and foreclosed real estate 3 29 470 61 Debit card interchange fees 114 106 469 426 Other charges, commissions & fees 314 142 567 569 Total noninterest income 826 676 3,416 3,063 Noninterest expense: Salaries and employee benefits 2,197 1,910 8,081 7,496 Building occupancy 407 365 1,476 1,427 Data processing 364 368 1,444 1,437 Professional and other services 175 159 659 654 Amortization of intangible assets 3 - 1 - Advertising 133 116 537 453 FDIC assessments 95 84 415 311 Audits and exams 64 61 219 248 Other expenses 468 442 1,919 1,492 Total noninterest expenses 3,906 3,505 14,751 13,518 Income before income taxes 695 692 3,252 3,577 Provision for income taxes 176 187 847 929 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest and Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc . 519 505 2,405 2,648 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 30 - (1 ) - Net income attributable to Pathfinder Bancorp Inc. 489 - 2,406 2,648 Preferred stock dividends - - - 449 Net income available to common shareholders $ 489 $ 505 $ 2,406 $ 2,199 Earnings per common share - basic $ 0.19 $ 0.20 $ 0.96 $ 0.88 Earnings per common share - diluted $ 0.19 $ 0.20 $ 0.95 $ 0.87 Dividends per common share $ 0.03 $ 0.03 $ 0.12 $ 0.12 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. F- 4 Table of Contents Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) For the three months ended (In thousands) March 31, 2014 March 31, 2013 Net Income $ 519 $ 505 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retirement Plans: Net unrealized gains on retirement plans 11 95 Unrealized holding gains on financial derivative: Change in unrealized holding losses on financial derivative (3 ) - Reclassification adjustment for interest expense included in net income 15 15 Net unrealized gain on financial derivative 12 15 Unrealized holding gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities: Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period 320 (374 ) Reclassification adjustment for net gains included in net income (2 ) (39 ) Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities available-for-sale 318 (413 ) Accretion of net unrealized loss on securities transferred to held-to-maturity (1) 30 - Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax 371 (303 ) Tax effect (148 ) 121 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 223 (182 ) Comprehensive income $ 742 $ 323 Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest $ 30 $ - Comprehensive income attributable to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. $ 712 $ 323 Tax Effect Allocated to Each Component of Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retirement plan net losses recognized in plan expenses $ (4 ) $ (38 ) Change in unrealized holding losses on financial derivative 1 - Reclassification adjustment for interest expense included in net income (6 ) (6 ) Unrealized holding (losses) gains arising during the period (128 ) 149 Reclassification adjustment for net gains included in net income 1 16 Accretion of net unrealized loss on securities transferred to held-to-maturity (1) (12 ) - Income tax effect related to other comprehensive income (loss) $ (148 ) $ 121 (1) The accretion of the unrealized holding losses in accumulated other comprehensive loss at the date of transfer partially offsets the amortization of the difference between the par value and the fair value of the investment securities at the date of transfer, and is an adjustment of yield. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. F- 5 Table of Contents Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Years Ended (In thousands) December 31, 2013 December 31, 2012 Net Income $ 2,405 $ 2,648 Other Comprehensive Income Retirement Plans: Retirement plan net losses recognized in plan expenses 381 395 Gain on plan losses not recognized in plan expenses and pension plan curtailment 2,590 1,025 Net unrealized gains on retirement plans 2,971 1,420 Unrealized holding gains on financial derivative: Change in unrealized holding losses on financial derivative (2 ) (53 ) Reclassification adjustment for interest expense included in net income 62 58 Net unrealized gain on financial derivative 60 5 Unrealized holding (losses) gains on available-for-sale securities: Unrealized holding (losses) gains arising during the period (2,075 ) 1,192 Reclassification adjustment for net gains included in net income (365 ) (375 ) Net unrealized (losses) gains on securities available-for-sale securities (2,440 ) 817 Unrealized loss on securities transferred to held-to-maturity (1) (1,302 ) - Other comprehensive (loss) income, before tax (711 ) 2,242 Tax effect 284 (896 ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax (427 ) 1,346 Comprehensive income $ 1,978 $ 3,994 Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest $ (1 ) $ - Comprehensive income attributable to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. $ 1,979 $ 3,994 Tax Effect Allocated to Each Component of Other Comprehensive Income Retirement plan net losses recognized in plan expenses $ (152 ) $ (158 ) Gain on plan losses not recognized in plan expenses and pension plan curtailment (1,036 ) (410 ) Change in unrealized holding losses on financial derivative (1 ) 21 Reclassification adjustment for interest expense included in net income (24 ) (23 ) Unrealized holding (losses) gains arising during the period 830 (476 ) Reclassification adjustment for net gains included in net income 146 150 Unrealized loss on securities transferred to held-to-maturity (1) 521 - Income tax effect related to other comprehensive income $ 284 $ (896 ) (1) The accretion of the unrealized holding losses in accumulated other comprehensive income at the date of transfer partially offsets the amortization of the difference between the par value and the fair value of the investment securities at the date of transfer, and is an adjustment of yield. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. F- 6 Table of Contents PATHFINDER BANCORP, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Three months ended March 31, 2014 and March 31, 2013 (Unaudited) Accumulated Additional Other Com- Non- Preferred Common Paid in Retained prehensive Unearned Treasury controlling (In thousands, except share and per share data) Stock Stock Capital Earnings Loss ESOP Stock Interest Total Balance, January 1, 2014 $ 13,000 $ 30 $ 8,226 $ 28,788 $ (1,745 ) $ (826 ) $ (4,761 ) $ 358 $ 43,070 Net income - - - 489 - - - 30 519 Other comprehensive income, net of tax - - - - 223 - - - 223 ESOP shares earned (3,125 shares) - - 17 - - 28 - - 45 Stock based compensation - - 21 - - - - - 21 Common stock dividends declared ($0.03 per share) - - - (76 ) - - - - (76 ) Balance, March 31, 2014 $ 13,000 $ 30 $ 8,264 $ 29,201 $ (1,522 ) $ (798 ) $ (4,761 ) $ 388 $ 43,802 Balance, January 1, 2013 $ 13,000 $ 30 $ 8,120 $ 26,685 $ (1,318 ) $ (936 ) $ (4,834 ) $ - $ 40,747 Net income - - - 505 - - - - 505 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax - - - - (182 ) - - - (182 ) ESOP shares earned (3,125 shares) - - 7 - - 27 - - 34 Stock based compensation - - 20 - - - - - 20 Stock options exercised - - (6 ) - - - 6 - - Common stock dividends declared ($0.03 per share) - - - (75 ) - - - - (75 ) Balance, March 31, 2013 $ 13,000 $ 30 $ 8,141 $ 27,115 $ (1,500 ) $ (909 ) $ (4,828 ) $ - $ 41,049 F- 7 Table of Contents PATHFINDER BANCORP, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Years ended December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012 Accumulated Additional Other Com- Non Preferred Common Paid in Retained prehensive Unearned Treasury controlling (In thousands, except share and per share data) Stock Stock Capital Earnings Loss ESOP Stock Interest Total Balance, January 1, 2013 $ 13,000 $ 30 $ 8,120 $ 26,685 $ (1,318 ) $ (936 ) $ (4,834 ) $ - $ 40,747 Net income - - - 2,406 - - - - 2,406 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax - - - - (427 ) - - - (427 ) ESOP shares earned (12,500 shares) - - 53 - - 110 - - 163 Stock based compensation - - 81 - - - - - 81 Stock options exercised - - (28 ) - - - 73 - 45 Common stock dividends declared ($0.12 per share) - - - (303 ) - - - - (303 ) Change in noncontrolling interest - - - - - - - 358 358 Balance, December 31, 2013 $ 13,000 $ 30 $ 8,226 $ 28,788 $ (1,745 ) $ (826 ) $ (4,761 ) $ 358 $ 43,070 Balance, January 1, 2012 $ 13,000 $ 30 $ 8,730 $ 24,618 $ (2,664 ) $ (1,039 ) $ (4,834 ) $ - $ 37,841 Net income - - - 2,648 - - - - 2,648 Other comprehensive income, net of tax - - - - 1,346 - - - 1,346 Purchase of CPP Warrants from Treasury - - (706 ) 169 - - - - (537 ) Preferred stock dividends - SBLF - - - (449 ) - - - - (449 ) ESOP shares earned (11,645 shares) - - 11 - - 103 - - 114 Stock based compensation - - 79 - - - - - 79 Stock options exercised - - 6 - - - - - 6 Common stock dividends declared ($0.12 per share) - - - (301 ) - - - - (301 ) Balance, December 31, 2012 $ 13,000 $ 30 $ 8,120 $ 26,685 $ (1,318 ) $ (936 ) $ (4,834 ) $ - $ 40,747 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. F- 8 Table of Contents PATHFINDER BANCORP, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) For the three months ended Years Ended March 31, December 31, (In thousands) 2014 2013 2013 2012 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income attributable to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. $ 489 $ 505 $ 2,406 $ 2,648 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows from operating activities: Provision for loan losses 245 324 1,032 825 Deferred income tax expense (benefit) - - 202 (276 ) Proceeds from sales of loans - 182 11,459 212 Originations of loans held-for-sale - (172 ) (11,016 ) (195 ) Realized gains on sales and redemptions of: Real estate acquired through foreclosure (3 ) (19 ) (27 ) (44 ) Loans - (10 ) (443 ) (17 ) Available-for-sale investment securities (2 ) (39 ) (365 ) (375 ) Premise and equipment - - (6 ) - Depreciation 198 176 715 781 Amortization of mortgage servicing rights 4 - 10 7 Amortization of deferred loan costs 27 34 111 160 Earnings on bank owned life insurance (60 ) (59 ) (222 ) (272 ) Realized gain on proceeds from bank owned life insurance - (2 ) (2 ) (37 ) Net amortization of premiums and discounts on investment securities 157 222 722 1,053 Amortization of intangible assets 3 - 1 - Stock based compensation and ESOP expense 66 54 243 193 Net change in accrued interest receivable (98 ) (195 ) 2 (32 ) Pension plan contribution - - - (2,600 ) Net change in other assets and liabilities (56 ) (505 ) 289 735 Net cash flows from operating activities 970 496 5,111 2,766 INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchase of investment securities available-for-sale (6,064 ) (28,173 ) (30,036 ) (50,662 ) Purchase of investment securities held-to-maturity (8,767 ) - (10,433 ) - Redemptions (purchases) of Federal Home Loan Bank stock 405 424 (511 ) (401 ) Proceeds from maturities of interest earning time deposits - - 1,500 - Proceeds from maturities and principal reductions of investment securities available-for-sale 3,436 8,067 21,831 26,346 Proceeds from maturities and principal reductions of investment securities held-to-maturity 185 - 355 - Proceeds from sales and redemptions of: Available-for-sale investment securities 122 1,893 7,151 16,511 Real estate acquired through foreclosure 53 55 375 470 Premise and equipment - - 18 - Acquisition of controlling interest in Fitzgibbons Agency, net of cash acquired of $18 - - (356 ) - Purchase of bank owned life insurance (1,780 ) - - - Proceeds from bank owned life insurance - 2 2 202 Net change in loans (6,953 ) (5,369 ) (9,075 ) (29,819 ) Purchase of premises and equipment (386 ) (236 ) (2,263 ) (192 ) Net cash flows from investing activities (19,749 ) (23,337 ) (21,442 ) (37,545 ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Net change in demand deposits, NOW accounts, savings accounts, money management deposit accounts, MMDA accounts and escrow deposits 32,369 30,973 21,764 15,700 Net change in time deposits and brokered deposits (4,157 ) 5,607 (3,429 ) 9,976 Net change in short-term borrowings (7,000 ) (9,000 ) 15,000 9,000 Payments on long-term borrowings (27 ) (28 ) (9,111 ) (4,110 ) Proceeds from long-term borrowings - - - 4,000 Purchase of CPP warrants from the US Treasury - - - (537 ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options - - 45 5 Cash dividends paid to preferred shareholder - SBLF - (83 ) (83 ) (507 ) Cash dividends paid to common shareholders (78 ) (75 ) (303 ) (301 ) Change in noncontrolling interest, net 30 - 358 - Net cash flows from financing activities 21,137 27,394 24,241 33,226 Change in cash and cash equivalents 2,358 4,553 7,910 (1,553 ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 16,575 8,665 8,665 10,218 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $ 18,933 $ 13,218 $ 16,575 $ 8,665 F- 9 CASH PAID DURING THE PERIOD FOR: Interest 683 894 3,318 3,913 Income taxes 1 140 967 403 NON-CASH INVESTING ACTIVITY Real estate acquired in exchange for loans 130 - 587 357 Transfer of available-for-sale securities to held-to-maturity - - 32,495 - The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. F- 10 Table of Contents NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. Information with respect to the periods ended March 31, 2014 and March 31, 2013 is unaudited . NOTE 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Nature of Operations and Basis of Presentation The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. (the “Company”) and its wholly owned subsidiary, Pathfinder Bank (the “Bank”). The Bank has four wholly owned operating subsidiaries, Pathfinder Commercial Bank, Pathfinder Risk Management Company, Inc. (“PRMC”), Pathfinder REIT, Inc. and Whispering Oaks Development Corp. All significant inter-company accounts and activity have been eliminated in consolidation. Although the Company owns, through its subsidiary PRMC, 51% of the membership interest in Fitzgibbons Agency, LLC (“Fitzgibbons”), the Company is required to consolidate 100% of Fitzgibbons within the consolidated financial statements. The 49% of which the Company does not own is accounted for separately as noncontrolling interests within the consolidated financial statements. The interim financial data as of March 31, 2014 and for the three months ended March 31, 2014 and March 31, 2013 is unaudited; in the opinion of management, the interim data includes all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary to a fair statement of the results of the interim period. The Company has seven offices located in Oswego County and one office in Onondaga County which opened for business in the first quarter of 2012. The Company plans to open an additional location in downtown Syracuse with a target opening in the 3rd quarter of 2014. The Company is primarily engaged in the business of attracting deposits from the general public in the Company’s market area, and investing such deposits, together with other sources of funds, in loans secured by one-to-four family residential real estate, commercial real estate, business assets and in investment securities. Pathfinder Bancorp, M.H.C., (the “Holding Company”) a mutual holding company whose activity is not included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, owns approximately 60.4% of the outstanding common stock of the Company. Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Management has identified the allowance for loan losses, deferred income taxes, pension obligations, the annual evaluation of the Company’s goodwill for possible impairment and the evaluation of investment securities for other than temporary impairment and the estimation of fair values for accounting and disclosure purposes to be the accounting areas that require the most subjective and complex judgments, and as such, could be the most subject to revision as new information becomes available. The Company is subject to the regulations of various governmental agencies. The Company also undergoes periodic examinations by the regulatory agencies which may subject it to further changes with respect to asset valuations, amounts of required loss allowances, and operating restrictions resulting from the regulators' judgments based on information available to them at the time of their examinations. Significant Group Concentrations of Credit Risk Most of the Company’s activities are with customers located primarily in Oswego and Onondaga counties of New York State. A large portion of the Company’s portfolio is centered in residential and commercial real estate. The Company closely monitors real estate collateral values and requires additional reviews of commercial real estate F- 11 Table of Contents appraisals by a qualified third party for commercial real estate loans in excess of $400,000. Note 4 discusses the types of securities that the Company invests in. Note 5 discusses the types of lending that the Company engages in. The Company does not have any significant concentrations to any one industry or customer. Advertising The Company follows the policy of charging the costs of advertising to expense as incurred. Noncontrolling Interest Noncontrolling interest represents the portion of ownership and profit or loss that is attributable to the minority owners of the Fitzgibbons Agency. Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, amounts due from banks and interest-bearing deposits (with original maturity of three months or less). Investment Securities The Company classifies investment securities as either available-for-sale or held-to-maturity. The Company does not hold any securities considered to be trading. Available-for-sale securities are reported at fair value, with net unrealized gains and losses reflected as a separate component of shareholders’ equity, net of the applicable income tax effect. Held-to-maturity securities are those that the Company has the ability and intent to hold until maturity and are reported at amortized cost. These securities include those that were transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity in the third quarter of 2013, and more fully explained in Note 4 to the financial statements. Gains or losses on investment security transactions are based on the amortized cost of the specific securities sold. Premiums and discounts on securities are amortized and accreted into income using the interest method over the period to maturity. Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements includes additional information about the Company’s accounting policies with respect to the impairment of investment securities. Federal Home Loan Bank Stock Federal law requires a member institution of the Federal Home Loan Bank (“FHLB”) system to hold stock of its district FHLB according to a predetermined formula. The stock is carried at cost. Mortgage Loans Held-for-Sale Mortgage loans held-for-sale are carried at the lower of cost or fair value. Fair value is determined in the aggregate. There were no loans held-for-sale or forward commitments outstanding as of December 31, 2013 and 2012. Transfers of Financial Assets Transfers of financial assets, including sales of loans and loan participations, are accounted for as sales when control over the assets has been surrendered. Control over transferred assets is deemed to be surrendered when (1) the assets have been isolated from the Company, (2) the transferee obtains the right (free of conditions that constrain it from taking advantage of that right) to pledge or exchange the transferred assets, and (3) the Company does not maintain effective control over the transferred assets through an agreement to repurchase them before their maturity. Loans The Company grants mortgage, commercial, municipal, and consumer loans to customers. Loans that management has the intent and ability to hold for the foreseeable future or until maturity or pay-off are stated at their outstanding F- 12 Table of Contents unpaid principal balances, less the allowance for loan losses plus net deferred loan origination costs. The ability of the Company’s debtors to honor their contracts is dependent upon the real estate and general economic conditions in the market area. Interest income is generally recognized when income is earned using the interest method. Nonrefundable loan fees received and related direct origination costs incurred are deferred and amortized over the life of the loan using the interest method, resulting in a constant effective yield over the loan term. Deferred fees are recognized into income and deferred costs are charged to income immediately upon prepayment of the related loan. The loans receivable portfolio is segmented into residential mortgage, commercial and consumer loans. The residential mortgage segment consists of one-to-four family first-lien residential mortgages and construction loans. Commercial loans consist of the following classes: real estate, lines of credit, other commercial and industrial, and municipal loans. Consumer loans include both home equity lines of credit and loans with junior liens and other consumer loans. Allowance for Loan Losses The allowance for loan losses represents management’s estimate of losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the date of the statement of condition and it is recorded as a reduction of loans. The allowance is increased by the provision for loan losses, and decreased by charge-offs, net of recoveries. Loans deemed to be uncollectible are charged against the allowance for loan losses, and subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. All, or part, of the principal balance of loans receivable are charged off to the allowance as soon as it is determined that the repayment of all, or part, of the principal balance is highly unlikely. Non-residential consumer loans are generally charged off no later than 120 days past due on a contractual basis, unless productive collection efforts are providing results. Consumer loans may be charged off earlier in the event of bankruptcy, or if there is an amount that is deemed uncollectible. No portion of the allowance for loan losses is restricted to any individual loan product and the entire allowance is available to absorb any and all loan losses. The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level considered adequate to provide for losses that can be reasonably anticipated. Management performs a quarterly evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance. The allowance is based on three major components which are; specific components for larger loans, recent historical losses and several qualitative factors applied to a general pool of loans, and an unallocated component. The first component is the specific component that relates to loans that are classified as impaired. For these loans, an allowance is established when the discounted cash flows or collateral value of the impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. The second or general component covers pools of loans, by loan class, not considered impaired, smaller balance homogeneous loans, such as residential real estate, home equity and other consumer loans. These pools of loans are evaluated for loss exposure first based on historical loss rates for each of these categories of loans. The ratio of net charge-offs to loan outstandings within each product class, over the most recent eight quarters, lagged by one quarter, is used to generate the historical loss rates. In addition, qualitative factors are added to the historical loss rates in arriving at the total allowance for loan loss need for this general pool of loans. The qualitative factors include changes in national and local economic trends, the rate of growth in the portfolio, trends of delinquencies and nonaccrual balances, changes in loan policy, and changes in lending management experience and related staffing. Each factor is assigned a value to reflect improving, stable or declining conditions based on management’s best judgment using relevant information available at the time of the evaluation. These qualitative factors, applied to each product class, make the evaluation inherently subjective, as it requires material estimates that may be susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. Adjustments to the factors are supported through documentation of changes in conditions in a narrative accompanying the allowance for loan loss analysis and calculation. The third or unallocated component is maintained to cover uncertainties that could affect management’s estimate of probable losses. The unallocated component of the allowance reflects the margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies for estimating specific and general losses in the portfolio and generally comprises less than 10% of the total allowance for loan loss. F- 13 Table of Contents A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and shortfalls on a case-by case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length and reason for the delay, the borrower’s prior payment record and the amount of shortfall in relation to what is owed. Impairment is measured by either the present value of the expected future cash flows discounted at the loan’s effective interest rate or the fair value of the underlying collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. The majority of the Company’s loans utilize the fair value of the underlying collateral. An allowance for loan loss is established for an impaired loan if its carrying value exceeds its estimated fair value. The estimated fair values of substantially all of the Company’s impaired loans are measured based on the estimated fair value of the loan’s collateral. For loans secured by real estate, estimated fair values are determined primarily through third-party appraisals, less costs to sell. Appraised values are discounted to arrive at the estimated selling price of the collateral, which is considered to be the estimated fair value. The discounts also include estimated costs to sell the property. For commercial and industrial loans secured by non-real estate collateral, such as accounts receivable, inventory and equipment, estimated fair values are determined based on the borrower’s financial statements, inventory reports, accounts receivable agings or equipment appraisals or invoices. Indications of value from these sources are generally discounted based on the age of the financial information or the quality of the assets. Large groups of homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated for impairment. Accordingly, the Company does not separately identify individual residential mortgage loans less than $300,000, home equity and other consumer loans for impairment disclosures, unless such loans are related to borrowers with impaired commercial loans or they are the subject to a troubled debt restructuring agreement for those with a carrying value in excess of $300,000. Commercial loans whose terms are modified are classified as troubled debt restructurings if the Company grants such borrowers concessions and it is deemed that those borrowers are experiencing financial difficulty. Concessions granted under a troubled debt restructuring generally include but are not limited to a temporary reduction in the interest rate or an extension of a loan’s stated maturity date. Commercial loans classified as troubled debt restructurings with a carrying value in excess of $100,000 are designated as impaired and evaluated as discussed above. The allowance calculation methodology includes further segregation of loan classes into risk rating categories. The borrower’s overall financial condition, repayment sources, guarantors and value of the collateral, if appropriate, are evaluated not less than annually for commercial loans or when credit deficiencies arise on all loans. Credit quality risk ratings include regulatory classifications of special mention, substandard, doubtful and loss. See Note 5 for a description of these regulatory classifications. In addition, Federal regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review the Company’s allowance for loan losses and may require the Company to recognize additions to the allowance based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination, which may not be currently available to management. Based on management’s comprehensive analysis of the loan portfolio, management believes the current level of the allowance for loan losses is adequate. Income Recognition on Impaired and Nonaccrual Loans For all classes of loans receivable, the accrual of interest is discontinued when the contractual payment of principal or interest has become 90 days past due or management has serious doubts about further collectability of principal or interest, even though the loan may be currently performing. A loan may remain on accrual status if it is in the process of collection and is either guaranteed or well secured. When a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, unpaid interest is reversed and charged to interest income. Interest received on nonaccrual loans, including impaired loans, generally is either applied against principal or reported as interest income, according to management’s judgment as F- 14 Table of Contents to the collectability of principal. Generally, loans are restored to accrual status when the obligation is brought current, has performed in accordance with the contractual terms for a reasonable period of time, generally six months, and the ultimate collectability of the total contractual principal and interest is no longer in doubt. Nonaccrual troubled debt restructurings are restored to accrual status if principal and interest payments, under the modified terms, are current for six consecutive months after modification. For nonaccrual loans, when future collectability of the recorded loan balance is expected, interest income may be recognized on a cash basis. In the case where a nonaccrual loan had been partially charged off, recognition of interest on a cash basis is limited to that which would have been recognized on the recorded loan balance at the contractual interest rate. Cash interest receipts in excess of that amount are recorded as recoveries to the allowance for loan losses until prior charge-offs have been fully recovered. Off-Balance Sheet Credit Related Financial Instruments In the ordinary course of business, the Company has entered into commitments to extend credit, including commitments under standby letters of credit. Such financial instruments are recorded when they are funded. Premises and Equipment Premises and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the related assets, ranging up to 40 years for premises and 10 years for equipment. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operating expenses as incurred. The asset cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts for assets sold or retired and any resulting gain or loss is included in the determination of income. Foreclosed Real Estate Properties acquired through foreclosure, or by deed in lieu of foreclosure, are recorded at their fair value less estimated costs to sell. Fair value is typically determined based on evaluations by third parties. Costs incurred in connection with preparing the foreclosed real estate for disposition are capitalized to the extent that they enhance the overall fair value of the property. Any write-downs on the asset’s fair value less costs to sell at the date of acquisition are charged to the allowance for loan losses. Subsequent write downs and expenses of foreclosed real estate are included as a valuation allowance and recorded in noninterest expense. Goodwill and Intangible Assets Goodwill represents the excess cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized, but is evaluated annually for impairment. Intangible assets, such as customer relationships, are amortized over their useful lives, generally over 15 years. Mortgage Servicing Rights Originated mortgage servicing rights are recorded at their fair value at the time of transfer of the related loans and are amortized in proportion to and over the period of estimated net servicing income or loss. The carrying value of the originated mortgage servicing rights is periodically evaluated for impairment or between annual evaluations under certain circumstances. Stock-Based Compensation Compensation costs related to share-based payment transactions are recognized based on the grant-date fair value of the stock-based compensation issued. Compensation costs are recognized over the period that an employee provides service in exchange for the award. Compensation costs related to the Employee Stock Ownership Plan are dependent upon the average stock price and the shares committed to be released to plan participants through the period in which income is reported. F- 15 Table of Contents Retirement Benefits The Company has a non-contributory defined benefit pension plan that covered substantially all employees. On May 14, 2012, the Company informed its employees of its decision to freeze participation and benefit accruals under the plan, primarily to reduce some of the volatility in earnings that can accompany the maintenance of a defined benefit plan. The freeze became effective June 30, 2012. Compensation earned by employees up to June 30, 2012 is used for purposes of calculating benefits under the plan but there will be no future benefit accruals after this date. Participants as of June 30, 2012 will continue to earn vesting credit with respect to their frozen accrued benefits as they continue to work. Pension expense under these plans is charged to current operations and consists of several components of net pension cost based on various actuarial assumptions regarding future experience under the plans. Gains and losses, prior service costs and credits, and any remaining transition amounts that have not yet been recognized through net periodic benefit cost are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax effects, until they are amortized as a component of net periodic cost. Plan assets and obligations are measured as of the Company’s statement of condition date. The Company has unfunded deferred compensation and supplemental executive retirement plans for selected current and former employees and officers that provide benefits that cannot be paid from a qualified retirement plan due to Internal Revenue Code restrictions. These plans are nonqualified under the Internal Revenue Code, and assets used to fund benefit payments are not segregated from other assets of the Company, therefore, in general, a participant's or beneficiary's claim to benefits under these plans is as a general creditor. The Company sponsors an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (“ESOP”) covering substantially all full time employees. The cost of shares issued to the ESOP but not committed to be released to the participants is presented in the consolidated statement of condition as a reduction of shareholders’ equity. ESOP shares are released to the participants proportionately as the loan is repaid. The Company records ESOP compensation expense based on the shares committed to be released and allocated to the participant’s accounts multiplied by the average share price of the Company’s stock over the period. Dividends related to unallocated shares are recorded as compensation expense. Derivative Financial Instruments Derivatives are recorded on the statement of condition as assets and liabilities measured at their fair value. The accounting for increases and decreases in the value of derivatives depends upon the use of derivatives and whether the derivatives qualify for hedge accounting. The Company currently has one interest rate swap, which has been determined to be a cash flow hedge. The fair value of cash-flow hedging instruments (“Cash Flow Hedge”) is recorded in either other assets or other liabilities. On an ongoing basis, the statement of condition is adjusted to reflect the then current fair value of the Cash Flow Hedge. The related gains or losses are reported in other comprehensive income (loss) and are subsequently reclassified into earnings, as a yield adjustment in the same period in which the related interest on the hedged item (primarily a variable-rate debt obligation) affect earnings. To the extent that the Cash Flow Hedge is not effective, the ineffective portion of the Cash Flow Hedge is immediately recognized as interest expense. Income Taxes Provisions for income taxes are based on taxes currently payable or refundable and deferred income taxes on temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are reported in the consolidated financial statements at currently enacted income tax rates applicable to the period in which the deferred tax assets and liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. Earnings Per Share Basic earnings per common share are computed by dividing net income, after preferred stock dividends and preferred stock discount accretion, by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding throughout each year. Diluted earnings per share gives effect to weighted average shares that would be outstanding assuming the exercise of issued stock options and warrants using the treasury stock method. Unallocated shares of the Company’s F- 16 Table of Contents ESOP plan are not included when computing earnings per share until they are committed to be released. Segment Reporting The Company has evaluated the activities relating to its strategic business units. The controlling interest in the Fitzgibbons Agency is dissimilar in nature and management when compared to the Company’s other strategic business units which are judged to be similar in nature and management. The Company has determined that the Fitzgibbons Agency is below the reporting threshold in size in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 280. Accordingly, the Company has determined it has no reportable segments. Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accounting principles generally require that recognized revenue, expenses, gains and losses be included in net income. Although certain changes in assets and liabilities are reported as a separate component of the equity section of the statement of condition, such items, along with net income, are components of comprehensive income. Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) represents the sum of these items, with the exception of net income, as of the balance sheet date and is represented in the table below. As of December 31, Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss By Component: 2013 2012 Unrealized loss for pension and other postretirement obligations $ (1,637 ) $ (4,608 ) Tax effect 655 1,843 Net unrealized loss for pension and other postretirement obligations (982 ) (2,765 ) Unrealized loss on financial derivative instruments used in cash flow hedging relationships (135 ) (195 ) Tax effect 54 78 Net unrealized loss on financial derivative instruments used in cash flow hedging relationships (81 ) (117 ) Unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities 166 2,606 Tax effect (67 ) (1,042 ) Net unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities 99 1,564 Unrealized loss on securities transferred to held-to-maturity (1,302 ) - Tax effect 521 - Net unrealized loss on securities transferred to held-to-maturity (781 ) - Accumulated other comprehensive loss $ (1,745 ) $ (1,318 ) Reclassifications Certain amounts in the 2012 consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on net income as previously reported. F- 17 Table of Contents NOTE 2: NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS In January 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2014-04 – Receivables-Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors (Subtopic 310-40). Topic 310-40 provides guidance on situations in which a creditor obtains one or more collateral assets in satisfaction of all or part of the receivable. That guidance indicates that a creditor should reclassify a collateralized mortgage loan such that the loan should be derecognized and the collateral asset recognized when it determines that there has been in substance a repossession or foreclosure by the creditor, that is, the creditor receives physical possession of the debtor’s assets regardless of whether formal foreclosure proceedings take place. However, the terms in substance repossession or foreclosure and physical possession are not defined in the accounting literature and there is diversity about when a creditor should derecognize the loan receivable and recognize the real estate property. That diversity has been highlighted by recent extended foreclosure timelines and processes related to residential real estate properties. The amendments in this Update apply to all creditors who obtain physical possession (resulting from an in substance repossession or foreclosure) of residential real estate property collateralizing a consumer mortgage loan in satisfaction of a receivable and are effective for public business entities for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2014. The Company does not expect a material impact on its consolidated statements of condition, results of operations, or cash flows. F- 18 Table of Contents NOTE 3: EARNINGS PER SHARE Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing net income available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Net income available to common shareholders is net income to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. less the total of preferred dividends declared. Diluted earnings per share include the potential dilutive effect that could occur upon the assumed exercise of issued stock options using the Treasury Stock method. Unallocated common shares held by the ESOP are not included in the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for purposes of calculating earnings per common share until they are committed to be released to plan participants. The following table sets forth the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share: (Unaudited) Three months ended Years Ended March 31, December 31, (In thousands, except per share data) 2014 2013 2013 2012 Basic Earnings Per Common Share Net income available to common shareholders $ 489 $ 505 $ 2,406 $ 2,199 Weighted average common shares outstanding 2,529 2,512 2,517 2,504 Basic earnings per common share $ 0.19 $ 0.20 $ 0.96 $ 0.88 Diluted Earnings Per Common Share Net income available to common shareholders $ 489 $ 505 $ 2,406 $ 2,199 Weighted average common shares outstanding 2,529 2,512 2,517 2,504 Effect of assumed exercise of stock options 22 - 14 8 Effect of assumed exercise of stock warrants - - - 4 Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 2,551 2,512 2,531 2,516 Diluted earnings per common share $ 0.19 $ 0.20 $ 0.95 $ 0.87 F- 19 Table of Contents NOTE 4: INVESTMENT SECURITIES The amortized cost and estimated fair value of investment securities are summarized as follows: (Unaudited) March 31, 2014 Gross Gross Estimated Amortized Unrealized Unrealized Fair (In thousands) Cost Gains Losses Value Available-for-Sale Portfolio Debt investment securities: US Treasury, agencies and GSEs $ 19,910 $ 3 $ (315 ) $ 19,598 State and political subdivisions 6,300 154 (4 ) 6,450 Corporate 11,870 190 - 12,060 Residential mortgage-backed - US agency 43,547 576 (523 ) 43,600 Total 81,627 923 (842 ) 81,708 Equity investment securities: Mutual funds: Ultra short mortgage fund 643 4 - 647 Large cap equity fund 456 199 - 655 Other mutual funds 183 181 - 364 Common stock - financial services industry 270 19 - 289 Total 1,552 403 - 1,955 Total available-for-sale $ 83,179 $ 1,326 $ (842 ) $ 83,663 Held-to-Maturity Portfolio Debt investment securities: US Treasury, agencies and GSEs $ 4,814 $ 5 $ (19 ) $ 4,800 State and political subdivisions 22,831 310 (1 ) 23,140 Corporate 3,692 56 (6 ) 3,742 Residential mortgage-backed - US agency 11,653 62 (38 ) 11,677 Total held-to-maturity $ 42,990 $ 433 $ (64 ) $ 43,359 F- 20 Table of Contents December 31, 2013 Gross Gross Estimated Amortized Unrealized Unrealized Fair (In thousands) Cost Gains Losses Value Available-for-Sale Portfolio Debt investment securities: US Treasury, agencies and GSEs $ 16,935 $ 2 $ (340 ) $ 16,597 State and political subdivisions 6,429 164 (6 ) 6,587 Corporate 13,498 198 - 13,696 Residential mortgage-backed - US agency 42,378 496 (732 ) 42,142 Total 79,240 860 (1,078 ) 79,022 Equity investment securities: Mutual funds: Ultra short mortgage fund 643 5 - 648 Large cap equity fund 456 195 - 651 Other mutual funds 183 162 - 345 Common stock - financial services industry 271 22 - 293 Total 1,553 384 - 1,937 Total available-for-sale $ 80,793 $ 1,244 $ (1,078 ) $ 80,959 Held-to-Maturity Portfolio Debt investment securities: US Treasury, agencies and GSEs $ 1,872 $ - $ (25 ) $ 1,847 State and political subdivisions 21,371 11 (118 ) 21,264 Corporate 3,746 16 (44 ) 3,718 Residential mortgage-backed - US agency 7,423 - (30 ) 7,393 Total held-to-maturity $ 34,412 $ 27 $ (217 ) $ 34,222 December 31, 2012 Gross Gross Estimated Available-for-Sale Portfolio Amortized Unrealized Unrealized Fair (In thousands) Cost Gains Losses Value Debt investment securities: US Treasury, agencies and GSEs $ 6,175 $ 16 $ (8 ) $ 6,183 State and political subdivisions 26,413 1,065 (7 ) 27,471 Corporate 22,942 468 (404 ) 23,006 Residential mortgage-backed - US agency 47,113 1,139 (1 ) 48,251 Residential mortgage-backed - private label 296 9 - 305 Total 102,939 2,697 (420 ) 105,216 Equity investment securities: Mutual funds: Ultra short mortgage fund 1,286 5 - 1,291 Large cap equity fund 905 176 - 1,081 Other mutual funds 183 136 - 319 Common stock - financial services industry 420 12 - 432 Total 2,794 329 - 3,123 Total investment securities $ 105,733 $ 3,026 $ (420 ) $ 108,339 The Company’s investments in mortgage-backed securities include pass-through securities and collateralized mortgage obligations issued and guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and GNMA. As of December 31, 2013 F- 21 Table of Contents and December 31, 2012, no private-label mortgage-backed securities or collateralized mortgage obligations were held in the securities portfolio. The Company’s investments in state and political obligation securities generally are municipal obligations that are general obligations supported by the general taxing authority of the issuer, and in some cases are insured. The obligations issued by school districts are supported by state aid. Primarily, these investments are issued by municipalities within New York State. The Company elected to transfer 55 available-for-sale (“AFS”) securities with an aggregate fair value of $32.5 million to a classification of held-to-maturity (“HTM”) on September 30, 2013. In accordance with FASB ASC 320-10-55-24, the transfer from AFS to HTM must be recorded at the fair value of the AFS securities at the time of transfer. The net unrealized holding loss of $799,000, net of tax, at the date of transfer was retained in accumulated other comprehensive loss, with the associated pre-tax amount retained in the carrying value of the HTM securities. Such amounts will be amortized to interest income over the remaining life of the securities. The fair value of the transferred AFS securities became the book value of the HTM securities at September 30, 2013, with no unrealized gain or loss at this date. Future reporting periods, with potential changes in market value for these securities, would likely record an unrealized gain or loss for disclosure purposes. The amortized cost and estimated fair value of debt investments at March 31, 2014 by contractual maturity are shown below. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without penalties. (Unaudited) (Unaudited) Available-for-Sale Held-to-Maturity Amortized Estimated Amortized Estimated Cost Fair Value Cost Fair Value (In thousands) Due in one year or less $ 6,009 $ 6,035 $ 186 $ 186 Due after one year through five years 27,436 27,602 3,943 3,940 Due after five years through ten years 4,635 4,471 13,581 13,682 Due after ten years - - 13,627 13,874 Sub-total 38,080 38,108 31,337 31,682 Residential mortgage-backed - US agency 43,547 43,600 11,653 11,677 Totals $ 81,627 $ 81,708 $ 42,990 $ 43,359 The amortized cost and estimated fair value of debt investments at December 31, 2013 by contractual maturity are shown below. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without penalties. Available-for-Sale Held-to-Maturity Amortized Estimated Amortized Estimated Cost Fair Value Cost Fair Value (In thousands) Due in one year or less $ 6,419 $ 6,438 $ 186 $ 186 Due after one year through five years 25,648 25,835 824 825 Due after five years through ten years 4,634 4,446 12,360 12,302 Due after ten years 161 161 13,619 13,516 Sub-total 36,862 36,880 26,989 26,829 Residential mortgage-backed - US agency 42,378 42,142 7,423 7,393 Totals $ 79,240 $ 79,022 $ 34,412 $ 34,222 F- 22 Table of Contents The Company’s investment securities’ gross unrealized losses and fair value, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, is as follows: (Unaudited) March 31, 2014 Less than Twelve Months Twelve Months or More Total Number of Number of Number of Individual Unrealized Fair Individual Unrealized Fair Individual Unrealized Fair Securities Losses Value Securities Losses Value Securities Losses Value (Dollars in thousands) Available-for-Sale US Treasury, agencies and GSE's 11 $ (283 ) $ 12,683 2 $ (32 ) $ 1,974 13 $ (315 ) $ 14,657 State and political subdivisions 2 (2 ) 332 2 (2 ) 181 4 (4 ) 513 Corporate - - - - - - - - - Residential mortgage-backed - US agency 17 (317 ) 18,471 5 (206 ) 4,085 22 (523 ) 22,556 Totals 30 $ (602 ) $ 31,486 9 $ (240 ) $ 6,240 39 $ (842 ) $ 37,726 Held-to-Maturity US Treasury, agencies and GSE's 3 $ (19 ) $ 2,919 - $ - $ - 3 $ (19 ) $ 2,919 State and political subdivisions 1 (1 ) 1,472 - - - 1 (1 ) 1,472 Corporate 1 (6 ) 800 - - - 1 (6 ) 800 Residential mortgage-backed - US agency 4 (38 ) 4,282 - - - 4 (38 ) 4,282 Totals 9 $ (64 ) $ 9,473 - $ - $ - 9 $ (64 ) $ 9,473 December 31, 2013 Less than Twelve Months Twelve Months or More Total Number of Number of Number of Individual Unrealized Fair Individual Unrealized Fair Individual Unrealized Fair Securities Losses Value Securities Losses Value Securities Losses Value (Dollars in thousands) Available-for-Sale US Treasury, agencies and GSE's 14 $ (340 ) $ 15,573 - $ - $ - 14 $ (340 ) $ 15,573 State and political subdivisions 1 (4 ) 114 3 (2 ) 397 4 (6 ) 511 Corporate - - - - - - - - - Residential mortgage-backed - US agency 25 (682 ) 23,442 1 (50 ) 878 26 (732 ) 24,320 Totals 40 $ (1,026 ) $ 39,129 4 $ (52 ) $ 1,275 44 $ (1,078 ) $ 40,404 Held-to-Maturity US Treasury, agencies and GSE's 2 $ (25 ) $ 1,847 - $ - $ - 2 $ (25 ) $ 1,847 State and political subdivisions 37 (118 ) 17,814 - - - 37 (118 ) 17,814 Corporate 4 (44 ) 3,171 - - - 4 (44 ) 3,171 Residential mortgage-backed - US agency 6 (30 ) 5,526 - - - 6 (30 ) 5,526 Totals 49 $ (217 ) $ 28,358 - $ - $ - 49 $ (217 ) $ 28,358 F- 23 Table of Contents December 31, 2012 Less than Twelve Months Twelve Months or More Total Number of Number of Number of Individual Unrealized Fair Individual Unrealized Fair Individual Unrealized Fair Available-for-Sale Securities Losses Value Securities Losses Value Securities Losses Value (Dollars in thousands) US Treasury, agencies and GSE's 1 $ (8 ) $ 992 - $ - $ - 1 $ (8 ) $ 992 State and political subdivisions 8 (7 ) 2,008 - - - 8 (7 ) 2,008 Corporate 2 (14 ) 974 2 (390 ) 1,580 4 (404 ) 2,554 Residential mortgage-backed - US agency 2 (1 ) 1,411 - - - 2 (1 ) 1,411 Totals 13 $ (30 ) $ 5,385 2 $ (390 ) $ 1,580 15 $ (420 ) $ 6,965 The Company conducts a formal review of investment securities on a quarterly basis for the presence of other-than-temporary impairment (“OTTI”). The Company assesses whether OTTI is present when the fair value of a debt security is less than its amortized cost basis at the statement of condition date. Under these circumstances, OTTI is considered to have occurred (1) if we intend to sell the security; (2) if it is “more likely than not” we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis; or (3) the present value of expected cash flows is not anticipated to be sufficient to recover the entire amortized cost basis. The guidance requires that credit-related OTTI is recognized in earnings while non-credit-related OTTI on securities not expected to be sold is recognized in other comprehensive income (“OCI”). Non-credit-related OTTI is based on other factors, including illiquidity and changes in the general interest rate environment. Presentation of OTTI is made in the consolidated statement of income on a gross basis, including both the portion recognized in earnings as well as the portion recorded in OCI. The gross OTTI would then be offset by the amount of non-credit-related OTTI, showing the net as the impact on earnings. Management does not believe any individual unrealized loss in other securities within the portfolio as of March 31, 2014 (unaudited) represents OTTI. All securities are rated A2 or better by Moody’s, with the exception of two corporate securities and all have been in unrealized loss positions for eleven months or less, with the exception of the two previously mentioned corporate holdings, two US agency securities, two municipal securities and five mortgage-backed securities. The two GSE agency and two municipal securities have relatively insignificant unrealized loss positions. The unrealized losses reflected in the mortgage-backed security holdings are primarily attributable to changes in interest rates. The two corporate securities are floating rate notes which adjust quarterly based on 3-month Libor. The securities are reflecting unrealized losses due to current similar offerings being originated at higher spread to Libor, as the market currently demands a greater pricing premium for the associated risk. The Company does not intend to sell these securities, nor is it more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell these securities prior to the recovery of the amortized cost. In determining whether OTTI has occurred for equity securities, the Company considers the applicable factors described above and the length of time the equity security’s fair value has been below the carrying amount. Management has determined that we have the intent and ability to retain the equity securities for a sufficient period of time to allow for recovery. All of the Company’s equity securities had a fair value greater than the book value at March 31, 2014 (unaudited). Management does not believe any individual unrealized loss in other securities within the portfolio as of December 31, 2013 represents OTTI. One individual municipal security is rated below investment grade, yet the current unrealized loss is less than $1,000 and has only been in place for 1 month. All other related securities are rated A2 or better by Moody’s and have been in unrealized loss positions for 11 months or less, with the exception of 3 municipal securities and 1 mortgage-backed security. The 3 municipal securities are issuances from school districts located within the bank’s primary market area. The mortgage-backed security was issued by Fannie Mae. The unrealized losses in the portfolio are primarily attributable to changes in interest rates. The Company does not intend to sell these securities, nor is it more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell these securities prior to the recovery of the amortized cost. F- 24 Table of Contents In determining whether OTTI has occurred for equity securities, the Company considers the applicable factors described above and the length of time the equity security’s fair value has been below the carrying amount. Management has determined that we have the intent and ability to retain the equity securities for a sufficient period of time to allow for recovery. All of the Company’s equity securities had a fair value greater than the book value at December 31, 2013. Gross realized gains (losses) on sales and redemptions of securities for the indicated periods are detailed below: (Unaudited) For the three months For the twelve months ended March 31, ended December 31, (In thousands) 2014 2013 2013 2012 Realized gains $ 2 $ 39 $ 370 $ 397 Realized losses - - (5 ) (22 ) $ 2 $ 39 $ 365 $ 375 As of March 31, 2014 (unaudited), securities with a fair value of $73.8 million were pledged to collateralize certain municipal deposit relationships. As of the same date, securities with a fair value of $21.0 million were pledged against certain borrowing arrangements. As of December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, securities with a fair value of $58.6 million and $46.0 million, respectively, were pledged to collateralize certain municipal deposit relationships. As of the same dates, securities with a fair value of $21.6 million and $37.8 million were pledged against certain borrowing arrangements. Management has reviewed its loan and mortgage-backed securities portfolios and determined that, to the best of its knowledge, little or no exposure exists to sub-prime or other high-risk residential mortgages. The Company is not in the practice of investing in, or originating, these types of investments or loans. F- 25 Table of Contents NOTE 5: LOANS Major classifications of loans are as follows: (Unaudited) March 31, December 31, December 31, (In thousands) 2014 2013 2012 Residential mortgage loans: 1-4 family first-lien residential mortgages $ 167,145 $ 166,298 $ 173,955 Construction 1,208 1,982 2,655 Total residential mortgage loans 168,353 168,280 176,610 Commercial loans: Real estate 102,559 95,536 82,329 Lines of credit 14,883 14,444 13,748 Other commercial and industrial 33,949 32,675 31,477 Municipal 2,781 5,122 3,588 Total commercial loans 154,172 147,777 131,142 Consumer loans: Home equity and junior liens 21,387 21,110 22,073 Other consumer 3,965 4,166 3,469 Total consumer loans 25,352 25,276 25,542 Total loans 347,877 341,333 333,294 Net deferred loan costs 265 300 454 Less allowance for loan losses (4,999 ) (5,041 ) (4,501 ) Loans receivable, net $ 343,143 $ 336,592 $ 329,247 The Company originates residential mortgage, commercial and consumer loans largely to customers throughout Oswego, Onondaga, Jefferson, and Oneida counties. Although the Company has a diversified loan portfolio, a substantial portion of its borrowers’ abilities to honor their contracts is dependent upon the counties’ employment and economic conditions. As of March 31, 2014 (unaudited) , residential mortgage loans with a carrying value of $116.6 million have been pledged by the Company to the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York (“FHLBNY”) under a blanket collateral agreement to secure the Company’s line of credit and term borrowings. As of December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, residential mortgage loans with a carrying value of $114.8 million and $58.6 million, respectively, have been pledged by the Company to the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York (“FHLBNY”) under a blanket collateral agreement to secure the Company’s line of credit and term borrowings. Loan Origination / Risk Management The Company has lending policies and procedures in place that are designed to maximize loan income within an acceptable level of risk. Management and the Board of Directors reviews and approves these policies and procedures on a regular basis. A reporting system supplements the review process by frequently providing management with reports related to loan production, loan quality, loan delinquencies, nonperforming and potential problem loans. Diversification in the loan portfolio is a means of managing risk associated with fluctuations in economic conditions. F- 26 Table of Contents To develop and document a systematic methodology for determining the allowance for loan losses, the Company has divided the loan portfolio into three portfolio segments, each with different risk characteristics but with similar methodologies for assessing risk. Each portfolio segment is broken down into loan classes where appropriate. Loan classes contain unique measurement attributes, risk characteristics, and methods for monitoring and assessing risk that are necessary to develop the allowance for loan losses. Unique characteristics such as borrower type, loan type, collateral type, and risk characteristics define each class. The following table illustrates the portfolio segments and classes for the Company’s loan portfolio: Portfolio Segment Class Residential Mortgage Loans 1-4 family first-lien residential mortgages Construction Commercial Loans Real estate Lines of credit Other commercial and industrial Municipal Consumer Loans Home equity and junior liens Other consumer Risk Characteristics of Portfolio Segments Each portfolio segment generally carries its own unique risk characteristics. The residential mortgage loan segment is impacted by general economic conditions, unemployment rates in the Bank’s service area, real estate values and the forward expectation of improvement or deterioration in economic conditions. The commercial loan segment is impacted by general economic conditions but, more specifically, the industry segment in which each borrower participates. Unique competitive changes within a borrower’s specific industry, or geographic location could cause significant changes in the borrower’s revenue stream, and therefore, impact its ability to repay its obligations. Commercial real estate is also subject to general economic conditions but changes within this segment typically lag changes seen within the consumer and commercial segment. Included within this portfolio are both owner occupied real estate, in which the borrower occupies the majority of the real estate property and upon which the majority of the sources of repayment of the obligation is dependent upon, and non-owner occupied real estate, in which several tenants comprise the repayment source for this portfolio segment. The composition and competitive position of the tenant structure may cause adverse changes in the repayment of debt obligations for the non-owner occupied class within this segment. The consumer loan segment is impacted by general economic conditions, unemployment rates in the Company’s service area, and the forward expectation of improvement or deterioration in economic conditions. Real estate loans, including residential mortgages, commercial real estate loans and home equity, comprise 84% of the portfolio in 2013, identical to the composition in 2012. Loans secured by real estate provide the best collateral protection and thus significantly reduce the inherent risk in the portfolio. Management has reviewed its loan portfolio and determined that, to the best of its knowledge, little or no exposure exists to sub-prime or other high-risk residential mortgages. The Company is not in the practice of originating these types of loans. F- 27 Table of Contents Description of Credit Quality Indicators The Company utilizes an eight tier risk rating system to evaluate the quality of its loan portfolio. Loans that are risk rated “1” through “4” are considered “Pass” loans. In accordance with regulatory guidelines, loans rated “5” through “8” are termed “criticized” loans and loans rated “6” through “8” are termed “classified” loans. A description of the Company’s credit quality indicators follows. For Commercial Loans: 1. Prime : A loan that is fully secured by properly margined Pathfinder Bank deposit account(s) or an obligation of the US Government. It may also be unsecured if it is supported by a very strong financial condition and, in the case of a commercial loan, excellent management. There exists an unquestioned ability to repay the loan in accordance with its terms. 2. Strong : Desirable relationship of somewhat less stature than Prime grade. Possesses a sound documented repayment source, and back up, which will allow repayment within the terms of the loan. Individual loans backed by solid assets, character and integrity. Ability of individual or company management is good and well established. Probability of serious financial deterioration is unlikely. 3. Satisfactory : Stable financial condition with cash flow sufficient for debt service coverage. Satisfactory loans of average strength having some deficiency or vulnerability to changing economic or industry conditions but performing as agreed with documented evidence of repayment capacity. May be unsecured loans to borrowers with satisfactory credit and financial strength. Satisfactory provisions for management succession and a secondary source of repayment exists. 4. Satisfactory Watch: A four is not a criticized or classified credit. These credits do not display the characteristics of a criticized asset as defined by the regulatory definitions. A credit is given a Satisfactory Watch designation if there are matters or trends observed deserving attention somewhat beyond normal monitoring. Borrowing obligations may be handled according to agreement but could be adversely impacted by developing factors such as industry conditions, operating problems, litigation pending of a significant nature or declining collateral quality and adequacy. 5. Special Mention : A warning risk grade that portrays one or more weaknesses that may be tolerated in the short term. Assets in this category are currently protected but are potentially weak. This loan would not normally be booked as a new credit, but may have redeeming characteristics persuading the Bank to continue working with the borrower. Loans accorded this classification have potential weaknesses which may, if not checked or corrected, weaken the company’s assets, inadequately protect the Bank’s position or effect the orderly, scheduled reduction of the debt at some future time. 6. Substandard : The relationship is inadequately protected by the current net worth and cash flow capacity of the borrower, guarantor/endorser, or of the collateral pledged. Assets have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the orderly liquidation of the debt. The relationship shows deteriorating trends or other deficient areas. The loan may be nonperforming and expected to remain so for the foreseeable future. Relationship balances may be adequately secured by asset value; however a deteriorated financial condition may necessitate collateral liquidation to effect repayment. A relationship with an unacceptable financial condition requiring excessive attention of the officer due to the nature of the credit risk or lack of borrower cooperation. All loans on nonaccrual or in a bankruptcy are not graded higher than Substandard. 7. Doubtful : The relationship has all the weaknesses inherent in a credit graded 5 with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and value, highly questionable or improbable. The possibility of some loss is extremely high, however its classification as an anticipated loss is deferred until a more exact determination of the extent of loss is determined. Loans in this category must be on nonaccrual. F- 28 Table of Contents 8. Loss : Loans are considered uncollectible and of such little value that continuance as bankable assets is not warranted. It is not practicable or desirable to defer writing off this basically worthless asset even though partial recovery may be possible in the future. For Residential Mortgage and Consumer Loans: Residential mortgage and consumer loans are assigned a “Pass” rating unless the loan has demonstrated signs of weakness as indicated by the ratings below. 5. Special Mention : All loans sixty days past due are classified Special Mention. The loan is not upgraded until it has been current for six consecutive months. 6. Substandard : All loans 90 days past due are classified Substandard. The loan is not upgraded until it has been current for six consecutive months. 7. Doubtful : The relationship has all the weaknesses inherent in a credit graded 5 with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and value, highly questionable or improbable. The possibility of some loss is extremely high. The risk ratings for classified loans are evaluated at least quarterly for commercial loans or when credit deficiencies arise, such as delinquent loan payments, for commercial, residential mortgage or consumer loans. See further discussion of risk ratings in Note 1. F- 29 Table of Contents The following table presents the segments and classes of the loan portfolio summarized by the aggregate pass rating and the criticized and classified ratings of special mention, substandard and doubtful within the Company's internal risk rating system: (Unaudited) As of March 31, 2014 Special (In thousands) Pass Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Residential mortgage loans: 1-4 family first-lien residential mortgages $ 160,143 $ 1,749 $ 5,240 $ 13 $ 167,145 Construction 1,208 - - - 1,208 Total residential mortgage loans 161,351 1,749 5,240 13 168,353 Commercial loans: Real estate 95,836 1,276 5,447 - 102,559 Lines of credit 13,314 481 1,088 - 14,883 Other commercial and industrial 32,499 388 916 146 33,949 Municipal 2,781 - - - 2,781 Total commercial loans 144,430 2,145 7,451 146 154,172 Consumer loans: Home equity and junior liens 19,948 401 962 76 21,387 Other consumer 3,856 18 91 - 3,965 Total consumer loans 23,804 419 1,053 76 25,352 Total loans $ 329,585 $ 4,313 $ 13,744 $ 235 $ 347,877 As of December 31, 2013 Special (In thousands) Pass Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Residential mortgage loans: 1-4 family first-lien residential mortgages $ 160,013 $ 1,649 $ 4,622 $ 14 $ 166,298 Construction 1,982 - - - 1,982 Total residential mortgage loans 161,995 1,649 4,622 14 168,280 Commercial loans: Real estate 90,162 918 4,456 - 95,536 Lines of credit 12,941 560 943 - 14,444 Other commercial and industrial 31,159 468 899 149 32,675 Municipal 5,122 - - - 5,122 Total commercial loans 139,384 1,946 6,298 149 147,777 Consumer loans: Home equity and junior liens 19,567 487 976 80 21,110 Other consumer 4,040 30 74 22 4,166 Total consumer loans 23,607 517 1,050 102 25,276 Total loans $ 324,986 $ 4,112 $ 11,970 $ 265 $ 341,333 F- 30 Table of Contents As of December 31, 2012 Special (In thousands) Pass Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Residential mortgage loans: 1-4 family first-lien residential mortgages $ 166,801 $ 1,323 $ 5,831 $ - $ 173,955 Construction 2,655 - - - 2,655 Total residential mortgage loans 169,456 1,323 5,831 - 176,610 Commercial loans: Real estate 76,719 1,685 3,925 - 82,329 Lines of credit 12,026 - 1,647 75 13,748 Other commercial and industrial 29,705 237 1,500 35 31,477 Municipal 3,588 - - - 3,588 Total commercial loans 122,038 1,922 7,072 110 131,142 Consumer loans: Home equity and junior liens 20,078 145 1,801 49 22,073 Other consumer 3,199 133 111 26 3,469 Total consumer loans 23,277 278 1,912 75 25,542 Total loans $ 314,771 $ 3,523 $ 14,815 $ 185 $ 333,294 F- 31 Table of Contents Nonaccrual and Past Due Loans Loans are considered past due if the required principal and interest payments have not been received within thirty days of the payment due date. An age analysis of past due loans, exclusive of deferred costs, segregated by class of loans were as follows: (Unaudited) As of March 31, 2014 30-59 Days 60-89 Days 90 Days Total Total Loans (In thousands) Past Due Past Due and Over Past Due Current Receivable Residential mortgage loans: 1-4 family first-lien residential mortgages $ 1,844 $ 1,032 $ 1,873 $ 4,749 $ 162,396 $ 167,145 Construction - - - - 1,208 1,208 Total residential mortgage loans 1,844 1,032 1,873 4,749 163,604 168,353 Commercial loans: Real estate 474 269 3,817 4,560 97,999 102,559 Lines of credit 176 - 476 652 14,231 14,883 Other commercial and industrial 672 1,106 515 2,293 31,656 33,949 Municipal - - - - 2,781 2,781 Total commercial loans 1,322 1,375 4,808 7,505 146,667 154,172 Consumer loans: Home equity and junior liens 238 14 290 542 20,845 21,387 Other consumer 4 34 12 50 3,915 3,965 Total consumer loans 242 48 302 592 24,760 25,352 Total loans $ 3,408 $ 2,455 $ 6,983 $ 12,846 $ 335,031 $ 347,877 As of December 31, 2013 30-59 Days 60-89 Days 90 Days Total Total Loans (In thousands) Past Due Past Due and Over Past Due Current Receivable Residential mortgage loans: 1-4 family first-lien residential mortgages $ 2,213 $ 1,472 $ 2,194 $ 5,879 $ 160,419 $ 166,298 Construction - - - - 1,982 1,982 Total residential mortgage loans 2,213 1,472 2,194 5,879 162,401 168,280 Commercial loans: Real estate 1,407 1,901 1,934 5,242 90,294 95,536 Lines of credit 341 113 381 835 13,609 14,444 Other commercial and industrial 2,045 1,289 394 3,728 28,947 32,675 Municipal - - - - 5,122 5,122 Total commercial loans 3,793 3,303 2,709 9,805 137,972 147,777 Consumer loans: Home equity and junior liens 954 281 402 1,637 19,473 21,110 Other consumer 46 51 45 142 4,024 4,166 Total consumer loans 1,000 332 447 1,779 23,497 25,276 Total loans $ 7,006 $ 5,107 $ 5,350 $ 17,463 $ 323,870 $ 341,333 F- 32 Table of Contents As of December 31, 2012 30-59 Days 60-89 Days 90 Days Total Total Loans (In thousands) Past Due Past Due and Over Past Due Current Receivable Residential mortgage loans: 1-4 family first-lien residential mortgages $ 2,698 $ 1,161 $ 2,046 $ 5,905 $ 168,050 $ 173,955 Construction - - - - 2,655 2,655 Total residential mortgage loans 2,698 1,161 2,046 5,905 170,705 176,610 Commercial loans: Real estate 1,706 1,833 1,794 5,333 76,996 82,329 Lines of credit 496 153 334 983 12,765 13,748 Other commercial and industrial 1,279 85 598 1,962 29,515 31,477 Municipal - - - - 3,588 3,588 Total commercial loans 3,481 2,071 2,726 8,278 122,864 131,142 Consumer loans: Home equity and junior liens 207 405 730 1,342 20,731 22,073 Other consumer 26 42 46 114 3,355 3,469 Total consumer loans 233 447 776 1,456 24,086 25,542 Total loans $ 6,412 $ 3,679 $ 5,548 $ 15,639 $ 317,655 $ 333,294 Nonaccrual loans, segregated by class of loan, were as follows: (Unaudited) March 31, December 31, December 31, (In thousands) 2014 2013 2012 Residential mortgage loans: 1-4 family first-lien residential mortgages $ 1,873 $ 2,194 $ 2,046 1,873 2,194 2,046 Commercial loans: Real estate 3,817 1,934 1,794 Lines of credit 476 381 334 Other commercial and industrial 515 394 598 4,808 2,709 2,726 Consumer loans: Home equity and junior liens 290 402 730 Other consumer 12 45 46 302 447 776 Total nonaccrual loans $ 6,983 $ 5,350 $ 5,548 There were no loans past due ninety days or more and still accruing interest at March 31, 2014(unaudited), December 31, 2013 or 2012. The Company is required to disclose certain activities related to Troubled Debt Restructurings (“TDR”s) in accordance with accounting guidance. Certain loans have been modified in a TDR where economic concessions have been granted to a borrower who is experiencing, or expected to experience, financial difficulties. These economic concessions could include a reduction in the loan interest rate, extension of payment terms, reduction of principal amortization, or other actions that it would not otherwise consider for a new loan with similar risk characteristics. The Company is required to disclose new TDRs for each reporting period for which an income statement is being presented. F- 33 Table of Contents The Company has determined that there were no new TDRs for the three month periods ending March 31, 2014 (unaudited) and March 31, 2013 (unaudited) . The Company has determined that there was a new TDR with a recorded investment of $404,000 in the year ended December 31, 2013. · The modification made within the residential real estate loan class resulted in a pre-modification and post-modification recorded investment of $400,000 and $407,000, respectively. The post-modification recorded investment included late charges, accrued interest, and closing costs as a result of the restructuring. Economic concessions granted included a reduction in loan interest rate, extended payment terms, and an advance of additional monies for closing costs without an associated increase in collateral. The Company was required to establish a specific reserve against this loan of $61,000, which was a component of the provision for loan losses in the third quarter of 2013. The Company has determined that there were $1.1 million of recorded investment in new TDRs in the year ended December 31, 2012. The following highlights the qualitative and quantitative information by loan class. · Modifications made within the commercial real estate loan class included two loans with pre-modification and post-modification recorded investments of $564,000 and $358,000, respectively. Economic concessions granted included interest only periods, extended payment terms and a reduction in loan interest rate. The Company was required to increase the reserve against these two loans by $211,000 which was a component of the provision for loan losses in the third quarter of 2012. · Modifications made within the home equity and junior liens loan class included two loans with pre-modification and post-modification recorded investments which were unchanged at $279,000. Economic concessions granted included interest only periods, extended payment terms and a reduction in loan interest rate. An additional provision was not required as a result of these modifications. · The first modification made within the other commercial and industrial loan class included a consolidation of three credit facilities into a single loan with a pre-modification and post-modification recorded investment of $439,000 and $468,000, respectively. The post-modification recorded investment included late charges, accrued interest, and closing costs as a result of the restructuring. Economic concessions granted included reduced principal amortization and an extended payment term. Management’s review indicates adequate collateral coverage in support of this loan. An additional provision was not required as a result of this modification. The second modification made in this loan class resulted in a pre-modification and post-modification recorded investment of $84,000 and $18,000, respectively. Economic concessions granted included an advance of additional monies without an associated increase in collateral and a 12 month interest only period. The Company was required to increase the reserve against this loan by $90,000, which was a component of the provision for loan losses in the fourth quarter of 2012. The sole TDR executed in 2013 indicated above was not in payment default at any time during 2013 or the three month period ended March 31, 2014 (unaudited). When the Company modifies a loan within a portfolio segment, a potential impairment is analyzed either based on the present value of the expected future cash flows discounted at the interest rate of the original loan terms or the fair value of the collateral less costs to sell. If it is determined that the value of the loan is less than its recorded investment, then impairment is recognized as a component of the provision for loan losses, an associated increase to the allowance for loan losses or as a charge-off to the allowance for loan losses in the current period. F- 34 Table of Contents Impaired Loans The following table summarizes impaired loans information by portfolio class: (Unaudited) March 31, 2014 Unpaid Recorded Principal Related (In thousands) Investment Balance Allowance With no related allowance recorded: 1-4 family first-lien residential mortgages $ 954 $ 954 $ - Commercial real estate 2,085 2,085 - Commercial lines of credit 193 197 - Other commercial and industrial 288 293 - Home equity and junior liens 289 289 - Other consumer - - - With an allowance recorded: 1-4 family first-lien residential mortgages 400 400 57 Commercial real estate 3,314 3,335 742 Commercial lines of credit 283 285 233 Other commercial and industrial 316 316 226 Home equity and junior liens 165 165 81 Other consumer 2 2 2 Total: 1-4 family first-lien residential mortgages 1,354 1,354 57 Commercial real estate 5,399 5,420 742 Commercial lines of credit 476 482 233 Other commercial and industrial 604 609 226 Home equity and junior liens 454 454 81 Other consumer 2 2 2 Totals $ 8,289 $ 8,321 $ 1,341 F- 35 Table of Contents December 31, 2013 December 31, 2012 Unpaid Unpaid Recorded Principal Related Recorded Principal Related (In thousands) Investment Balance Allowance Investment Balance Allowance With no related allowance recorded: 1-4 family first-lien residential mortgages $ 550 $ 550 $ - $ 844 $ 844 $ - Commercial real estate 1,496 1,499 - 1,554 1,571 - Commercial lines of credit 196 196 - 358 370 - Other commercial and industrial 266 266 - 657 801 - Home equity and junior liens 294 294 - 380 380 - Other consumer - - - - - - With an allowance recorded: 1-4 family first-lien residential mortgages 402 402 59 1,307 1,307 215 Commercial real estate 2,045 2,054 649 1,182 1,182 401 Commercial lines of credit 185 200 135 - - - Other commercial and industrial 139 139 107 225 230 207 Home equity and junior liens 165 165 84 155 155 95 Other consumer 2 2 2 5 5 5 Total: 1-4 family first-lien residential mortgages 952 952 59 2,151 2,151 215 Commercial real estate 3,541 3,553 649 2,736 2,753 401 Commercial lines of credit 381 396 135 358 370 - Other commercial and industrial 405 405 107 882 1,031 207 Home equity and junior liens 459 459 84 535 535 95 Other consumer 2 2 2 5 5 5 Totals $ 5,740 $ 5,767 $ 1,036 $ 6,667 $ 6,845 $ 923 F- 36 Table of Contents The following table presents the average recorded investment in impaired loans for the indicated periods: (Unaudited) For the three months ended For the twelve months ended March 31, December 31, (In thousands) 2014 2013 2013 2012 1-4 family first-lien residential mortgages $ 1,153 $ 2,261 $ 1,407 $ 1,682 Commercial real estate 4,470 3,294 3,605 2,506 Commercial lines of credit 429 407 406 417 Other commercial and industrial 505 859 694 718 Home equity and junior liens 457 583 512 488 Other consumer 2 4 3 3 Total $ 7,016 $ 7,408 $ 6,627 $ 5,814 The following table presents the interest income recognized on impaired loans for the indicated periods: (Unaudited) For the three months ended For the twelve months ended March 31, December 31, (In thousands) 2014 2013 2013 2012 1-4 family first-lien residential mortgages $ 5 $ 30 $ 26 $ 108 Commercial real estate 28 45 176 71 Commercial lines of credit 1 4 15 14 Other commercial and industrial 13 5 32 29 Home equity and junior liens 19 15 28 10 Other consumer - - - 1 Total $ 66 $ 99 $ 277 $ 233 F- 37 Table of Contents NOTE 6: ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES Changes in the allowance for loan losses for the indicated periods and information pertaining to the allocation of the allowance for loan losses and balances of the allowance for loan losses and loans receivable based on individual and collective impairment evaluation by loan portfolio class at the indicated dates are summarized in the tables below. An allocation of a portion of the allowance to a given portfolio class does not limit the Company’s ability to absorb losses in another portfolio class. (Unaudited) For the three months ended March 31, 2014 1-4 family first-lien Residential Other residential construction Commercial Commercial commercial (In thousands) mortgage mortgage real estate lines of credit and industrial Allowance for loan losses: Beginning Balance $ 649 $ - $ 2,302 $ 397 $ 834 Charge-offs (12 ) - (47 ) (85 ) (58 ) Recoveries - - - 2 1 Provisions (33 ) - 181 209 197 Ending balance $ 604 $ - $ 2,436 $ 523 $ 974 Ending balance: related to loans individually evaluated for impairment $ 57 $ - $ 742 $ 233 $ 226 Ending balance: related to loans collectively evaluated for impairment $ 547 $ - $ 1,694 $ 290 $ 748 Loans receivables: Ending balance $ 167,145 $ 1,208 $ 102,559 $ 14,883 $ 33,949 Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment $ 1,354 $ - $ 5,399 $ 476 $ 604 Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment $ 165,791 $ 1,208 $ 97,160 $ 14,407 $ 33,345 Home equity Other Municipal and junior liens consumer Unallocated Total Allowance for loan losses: Beginning Balance $ 2 $ 433 $ 136 $ 288 $ 5,041 Charge-offs - (50 ) (51 ) - (303 ) Recoveries - - 13 - 16 Provisions (1 ) 49 4 (361 ) 245 Ending balance $ 1 $ 432 $ 102 $ (73 ) $ 4,999 Ending balance: related to loans individually evaluated for impairment $ - $ 81 $ 2 $ - $ 1,341 Ending balance: related to loans collectively evaluated for impairment $ 1 $ 351 $ 100 $ (73 ) $ 3,658 Loans receivables: Ending balance $ 2,781 $ 21,387 $ 3,965 $ 347,877 Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment $ - $ 454 $ 2 $ 8,289 Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment $ 2,781 $ 20,933 $ 3,963 $ 339,588 F- 38 Table of Contents (Unaudited) For the three months ended March 31, 2013 1-4 family first-lien Residential Other residential construction Commercial Commercial commercial (In thousands) mortgage mortgage real estate lines of credit and industrial Allowance for loan losses: Beginning Balance $ 811 $ - $ 1,748 $ 440 $ 750 Charge-offs (12 ) - - (49 ) (10 ) Recoveries 12 - - - - Provisions 17 - 147 82 114 Ending balance $ 828 $ - $ 1,895 $ 473 $ 854 Ending balance: related to loans individually evaluated for impairment $ 172 $ - $ 451 $ 100 $ 242 Ending balance: related to loans collectively evaluated for impairment $ 656 $ - $ 1,444 $ 373 $ 612 Loans receivables: Ending balance $ 177,411 $ 778 $ 84,308 $ 13,461 $ 32,826 Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment $ 2,370 $ - $ 3,852 $ 456 $ 836 Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment $ 175,041 $ 778 $ 80,456 $ 13,005 $ 31,990 Home equity Other Municipal and junior liens consumer Unallocated Total Allowance for loan losses: Beginning Balance $ 2 $ 494 $ 168 $ 88 $ 4,501 Charge-offs - (81 ) (28 ) - (180 ) Recoveries - 13 16 - 41 Provisions - 63 (17 ) (82 ) 324 Ending balance $ 2 $ 489 $ 139 $ 6 $ 4,686 Ending balance: related to loans individually evaluated for impairment $ - $ 93 $ 3 $ - $ 1,061 Ending balance: related to loans collectively evaluated for impairment $ 2 $ 396 $ 136 $ 6 $ 3,625 Loans receivables: Ending balance $ 4,538 $ 21,552 $ 3,643 $ 338,517 Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment $ - $ 632 $ 3 $ 8,149 Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment $ 4,538 $ 20,920 $ 3,640 $ 330,368 F- 39 Table of Contents December 31, 2013 1-4 family first-lien Residential Other residential construction Commercial Commercial commercial (In thousands) mortgage mortgage real estate lines of credit and industrial Allowance for loan losses: Beginning Balance $ 811 $ - $ 1,748 $ 440 $ 750 Charge-offs (153 ) - (46 ) (124 ) (149 ) Recoveries 47 - 19 22 - Provisions (56 ) - 581 59 233 Ending balance $ 649 $ - $ 2,302 $ 397 $ 834 Ending balance: related to loans individually evaluated for impairment $ 59 $ - $ 649 $ 135 $ 107 Ending balance: related to loans collectively evaluated for impairment $ 590 $ - $ 1,653 $ 262 $ 727 Loans receivables: Ending balance $ 166,298 $ 1,982 $ 95,536 $ 14,444 $ 32,675 Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment $ 952 $ - $ 3,541 $ 381 $ 405 Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment $ 165,346 $ 1,982 $ 91,995 $ 14,063 $ 32,269 Home equity Other Municipal and junior liens consumer Unallocated Total Allowance for loan losses: Beginning Balance $ 2 $ 494 $ 168 $ 88 $ 4,501 Charge-offs - (81 ) (98 ) - (651 ) Recoveries - 19 52 - 159 Provisions - 1 14 200 1,032 Ending balance $ 2 $ 433 $ 136 $ 288 $ 5,041 Ending balance: related to loans individually evaluated for impairment $ - $ 84 $ 2 $ - $ 1,036 Ending balance: related to loans collectively evaluated for impairment $ 2 $ 349 $ 134 $ 288 $ 4,005 Loans receivables: Ending balance $ 5,122 $ 21,110 $ 4,166 $ 341,333 Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment $ - $ 459 $ 2 $ 5,740 Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment $ 5,122 $ 20,651 $ 4,164 $ 335,592 F- 40 Table of Contents December 31, 2012 1-4 family first-lien Residential Other residential construction Commercial Commercial commercial (In thousands) mortgage mortgage real estate lines of credit and industrial Allowance for loan losses: Beginning Balance $ 664 $ - $ 1,346 $ 463 $ 649 Charge-offs (108 ) - (142 ) - (89 ) Recoveries 75 - 14 50 - Provisions 180 - 530 (73 ) 190 Ending balance $ 811 $ - $ 1,748 $ 440 $ 750 Ending balance: related to loans individually evaluated for impairment $ 215 $ - $ 401 $ - $ 207 Ending balance: related to loans collectively evaluated for impairment $ 596 $ - $ 1,347 $ 440 $ 543 Loans receivables: Ending balance $ 173,955 $ 2,655 $ 82,329 $ 13,748 $ 31,477 Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment $ 2,151 $ - $ 2,736 $ 358 $ 882 Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment $ 171,804 $ 2,655 $ 79,593 $ 13,390 $ 30,595 Home equity Other Municipal and junior liens consumer Unallocated Total Allowance for loan losses: Beginning Balance $ 2 $ 501 $ 162 $ 193 $ 3,980 Charge-offs - (8 ) (161 ) - (508 ) Recoveries - 6 59 - 204 Provisions - (5 ) 108 (105 ) 825 Ending balance $ 2 $ 494 $ 168 $ 88 $ 4,501 Ending balance: related to loans individually evaluated for impairment $ - $ 95 $ 5 $ - $ 923 Ending balance: related to loans collectively evaluated for impairment $ 2 $ 399 $ 163 $ 88 $ 3,578 Loans receivables: Ending balance $ 3,588 $ 22,073 $ 3,469 $ 333,294 Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment $ - $ 535 $ 5 $ 6,667 Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment $ 3,588 $ 21,538 $ 3,464 $ 326,627 F- 41 Table of Contents NOTE 7: SERVICING Loans serviced for others are not included in the accompanying consolidated statements of condition. The unpaid principal balances of mortgage and other loans serviced for others were $28,597,000 and $24,775,000 at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The balance of capitalized servicing rights included in other assets at December 31, 2013 and 2012, was $80,000 and $2,000, respectively. The following summarizes mortgage servicing rights capitalized and amortized: (In thousands) 2013 2012 Mortgage servicing rights capitalized $ 88 $ 2 Mortgage servicing rights amortized $ 10 $ 7 NOTE 8: PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT A summary of premises and equipment at December 31, is as follows: (In thousands) 2013 2012 Land $ 1,794 $ 1,544 Buildings 9,711 10,056 Furniture, fixtures and equipment 9,827 9,051 Construction in progress 1,718 186 23,050 20,837 Less: Accumulated depreciation 11,406 10,729 $ 11,644 $ 10,108 The $1.5 million increase in Construction in progress relates principally to the Bank’s purchase of three properties in the amount of $1.4 million from the Mutual Holding Company in December 2013. Depreciation of these properties will begin in 2014 in accordance with the Bank’s fixed asset policy. NOTE 9: GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS Goodwill represents the excess cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized, but is evaluated annually for impairment or between annual evaluations in certain circumstances. Management performs an annual assessment of the Company’s goodwill to determine whether or not any impairment of the carrying value may exist. The Company is permitted to assess qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value. For purposes of this assessment, management considers the Company and its subsidiaries as a whole to be the reporting unit. Based on the results of the assessment, management has determined that the carrying value of goodwill in the amount of $4.4 million is not impaired as of December 31, 2013. Of the total amount of the goodwill carried in the Company’s books as of December 31, 2013, $3.8 million of this amount is due to prior periods’ acquisitions of branches and $526,000 is due to the acquisition of the Fitzgibbons Agency. The latter is more fully disclosed in Note 23 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained herein. The identifiable intangible asset of $187,000 as of December 31, 2013 is due to the acquisition of the Fitzgibbons Agency and represents the customer list intangible. This amount differs from the $188,000 recorded at the time of acquisition on December 1, 2013 due to amortization of $1,000 taken during December 2013. The future weighted amortization of this intangible asset is 7.5 years. F- 42 Table of Contents The gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization for this identifiable intangible asset are as follows: December 31, (In thousands) 2013 2012 Gross carrying amount $ 188 $ - Accumulated amortization (1 ) - Net amortizing intangibles $ 187 $ - The estimated amortization expense for each of the five succeeding years ended December 31, is as follows: (In thousands) 2014 $ 13 2015 13 2016 13 2017 13 2018 13 Thereafter $ 122 NOTE 10: DEPOSITS A summary of deposits at December 31, is as follows: (In thousands) 2013 2012 Savings accounts $ 68,924 $ 63,501 Time accounts 71,165 78,176 Time accounts of $100,000 or more 88,727 85,145 Money management accounts 13,337 14,441 MMDA accounts 83,867 73,519 Demand deposit interest-bearing 32,281 29,693 Demand deposit noninterest-bearing 48,171 43,913 Mortgage escrow funds 3,668 3,417 Total Deposits $ 410,140 $ 391,805 At December 31, 2013, the scheduled maturities of time deposits are as follows: (In thousands) Year of Maturity: 2014 $ 118,732 2015 18,857 2016 4,981 2017 7,603 2018 3,521 Thereafter 6,198 Total $ 159,892 F- 43 Table of Contents NOTE 11: BORROWED FUNDS The composition of borrowings (excluding junior subordinated debentures) at December 31 is as follows: (In thousands) 2013 2012 Short-term: FHLB Advances $ 24,000 $ 9,000 Long-term: FHLB advances $ 16,000 $ 20,000 ESOP loan payable 853 964 Citigroup Repurchase agreements - 5,000 Total long-term borrowings $ 16,853 $ 25,964 Terms of the ESOP loan payable, which is based on a variable rate, are detailed in Note 14. The principal balances, interest rates and maturities of the remaining borrowings, all of which are at a fixed rate, at December 31, 2013 are as follows: Term Principal Rates (Dollars in thousands) Advances with FHLB due within 1 year 5,000 2.85% - 3.07% due within 2 years 2,000 2.79% due within 3 years 3,000 2.12% due within 4 years 4,000 1.36% - 2.56% due within 10 years 2,000 2.55% Total advances with FHLB $ 16,000 Total long-term fixed rate borrowings $ 16,000 At December 31, 2013, scheduled repayments of long-term debt are as follows (in thousands): 2014 $ 5,110 2015 2,110 2016 3,110 2017 4,110 2018 110 Thereafter 2,303 $ 16,853 The Company has access to Federal Home Loan Bank advances, under which it can borrow at various terms and interest rates. Residential mortgage loans with a carrying value of $114.8 million and FHLB stock with a carrying value of $2.4 million have been pledged by the Company under a blanket collateral agreement to secure the Company’s borrowings at December 31, 2013. The total outstanding indebtedness under borrowing facilities with the FHLB cannot exceed the total value of the assets pledged under the blanket collateral agreement. The Company has a $21.6 million line of credit available at December 31, 2013 with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York through its Discount Window and has pledged various corporate and municipal securities against the line. The F- 44 Table of Contents Company has $13.4 million in lines of credit available with three other correspondent banks. $6.4 million of that line of credit is available on an unsecured basis and the remaining $7.0 million must be collateralized with marketable investment securities. Interest on the lines is determined at the time of borrowing. The Company has a non-consolidated subsidiary trust, Pathfinder Statutory Trust II, of which the Company owns 100% of the common equity. The Trust issued $5,000,000 of 30 year floating rate Company-obligated pooled capital securities of Pathfinder Statutory Trust II. The Company borrowed the proceeds of the capital securities from its subsidiary by issuing floating rate junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures having substantially similar terms. The capital securities mature in 2037 and are treated as Tier 1 capital by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Federal Reserve Board (“FRB”). The capital securities of the trust are a pooled trust preferred fund of Preferred Term Securities VI, Ltd. and are tied to the 3-month LIBOR (25 basis points) plus 1.65% for a total of 1.90% at December 31, 2013 with a five-year call provision. The Company guarantees all of these securities. The Company's equity interest in the trust subsidiary of $155,000 is reported in "Other assets". For regulatory reporting purposes, the Federal Reserve has indicated that the preferred securities will continue to qualify as Tier 1 Capital subject to previously specified limitations, until further notice. If regulators make a determination that Trust Preferred Securities can no longer be considered in regulatory capital, the securities become callable and the Company may redeem them. NOTE 12: Employee Benefits and Deferred Compensation and Supplemental Retirement Plans The Company has a noncontributory defined benefit pension plan covering substantially all employees. The plan provides defined benefits based on years of service and final average salary. On May 14, 2012, the Company informed its employees of its decision to freeze participation and benefit accruals under the plan, primarily to reduce some of the volatility in earnings that can accompany the maintenance of a defined benefit plan. The freeze became effective June 30, 2012. Compensation earned by employees up to June 30, 2012 is used for purposes of calculating benefits under the plan but there will be no future benefit accruals after this date. Participants as of June 30, 2012 will continue to earn vesting credit with respect to their frozen accrued benefits as they continue to work. In addition, the Company provides certain health and life insurance benefits for a limited number of eligible retired employees. The healthcare plan is contributory with participants’ contributions adjusted annually; the life insurance plan is noncontributory. Employees with less than 14 years of service as of January 1, 1995, are not eligible for the health and life insurance retirement benefits. F- 45 Table of Contents The following tables set forth the changes in the plans’ benefit obligations, fair value of plan assets and the plans’ funded status as of December 31: Pension Benefits Postretirement Benefits (In thousands) 2013 2012 2013 2012 Change in benefit obligations: Benefit obligations at beginning of year $ 9,465 $ 10,167 $ 450 $ 401 Service cost - 166 - - Interest cost 379 397 18 17 Actuarial (gain) loss (1,277 ) 863 (28 ) 68 Curtailment gain - (1,919 ) - - Benefits paid (234 ) (209 ) (38 ) (36 ) Benefit obligations at end of year 8,333 9,465 402 450 Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 10,786 7,549 - - Actual return on plan assets 2,139 846 - - Benefits paid (234 ) (209 ) (38 ) (36 ) Employer contributions - 2,600 38 36 Fair value of plan assets at end of year 12,691 10,786 - - Funded Status - asset (liability) $ 4,358 $ 1,321 $ (402 ) $ (450 ) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss as of December 31 are as follows: Pension Benefits Postretirement Benefits (In thousands) 2013 2012 2013 2012 Net loss, net of curtailment gain $ 1,543 $ 4,466 $ 94 $ 142 Tax Effect 617 1,786 38 57 $ 926 $ 2,680 $ 56 $ 85 Gains and losses in excess of 10% of the greater of the benefit obligation or the fair value of assets are amortized over the average remaining service period of active participants. The accumulated benefit obligation for the defined benefit pension plan was $8,333,000 and $9,465,000 at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The postretirement plan had an accumulated benefit obligation of $402,000 and $450,000 at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The significant assumptions used in determining the benefit obligations as of December 31, are as follows: Pension Benefits Postretirement Benefits 2013 2012 2013 2012 Weighted average discount rate 4.95 % 4.05 % 4.95 % 4.05 % Rate of increase in future compensation levels - - - - F- 46 Table of Contents Assumed health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for the postretirement health care plan. The annual rates of increase in the per capita cost of covered medical and prescription drug benefits for future years were assumed to be 7.0% for 2014, gradually decreasing to 5.00% in 2018 and remain at that level thereafter. The composition of the net periodic benefit plan cost for the three months ended March 31 is as follows: (Unaudited) (Unaudited) Pension Benefits Postretirement Benefits (In thousands) 2014 2013 2014 2013 Service cost $ - $ - $ - $ - Interest cost 102 95 5 4 Expected return on plan assets (236 ) (214 ) - - Amortization of transition obligation - - - - Amortization of net losses 8 90 3 5 Net periodic benefit plan (benefit) cost $ (126 ) $ (29 ) $ 8 $ 9 The composition of the net periodic benefit plan cost for the years ended December 31 is as follows: Pension Benefits Postretirement Benefits 2013 2012 2013 2012 (In thousands) Service cost $ - $ 166 $ - $ - Interest cost 379 397 18 17 Expected return on plan assets (854 ) (809 ) - - Amortization of transition obligation - - - 2 Amortization of net losses 361 381 20 13 Net periodic benefit plan (benefit) cost $ (114 ) $ 135 $ 38 $ 32 The Company will evaluate the need for further contributions to the defined benefit pension plan during 2014. The prepaid pension asset is recorded in other assets on the statement of condition as of March 31, 2014, December 31, 2013 and 2012. The significant assumptions used in determining the net periodic benefit plan cost for years ended December 31, were as follows: Pension Benefits Postretirement Benefits 2013 2012 2013 2012 Weighted average discount rate 4.05 % 4.40 % 4.05 % 4.40 % Expected long term rate of return on plan assets 8.00 % 8.00 % - - Rate of increase in future compensation levels - - - - The long term rate of return on assets assumption was set based on historical returns earned by equities and fixed income securities, adjusted to reflect expectations of future returns as applied to the plan’s target allocation of asset classes. Equities and fixed income securities were assumed to earn real rates of return in the ranges of 5.0%-9.0% and 2.0%-6.0%, respectively. The long-term inflation rate was estimated to be 3.0%. When these overall return expectations are applied to the plan’s target allocation, the expected rate of return was determined to be in the range of 7.0% to 11.0%. Management has chosen to use a 7.5% expected long-term rate of return to reflect current economic conditions and expected returns. F- 47 Table of Contents The estimated net actuarial loss that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net periodic benefit plan cost during 2014 is $30,000. The estimated amortization of the unrecognized transition obligation and actuarial loss for the post retirement health plan in 2014 is $13,000. The expected net periodic benefit plan cost for 2014 is estimated at a $474,000 negative expense for both retirement plans. Plan assets are invested in diversified investment funds of the RSI Retirement Trust (the “Trust”), a private placement investment fund. The investment funds include a series of equity and bond mutual funds or commingled trust funds, each with its own investment objectives, investment strategies and risks, as detailed in the Statement of Investment Objectives and Guidelines. The Trust has been given discretion by the Plan Sponsor to determine the appropriate strategic asset allocation versus plan liabilities, as governed by the Trust’s Statement of Investment Objectives and Guidelines. The long-term investment objectives are to maintain plan assets at a level that will sufficiently cover long-term obligations and to generate a return on plan assets that will meet or exceed the rate at which long-term obligations will grow. A broadly diversified combination of equity and fixed income portfolios and various risk management techniques are used to help achieve these objectives. In addition, significant consideration is paid to the plan’s funding levels when determining the overall asset allocation. If the plan is considered to be well-funded, approximately 65% of the plan’s assets are allocated to equities and approximately 35% allocated to fixed-income. Asset rebalancing normally occurs when the equity and fixed-income allocations vary by more than 10% from their respective targets (i.e., a 10% policy range guideline). The investment goal is to achieve investment results that will contribute to the proper funding of the pension plan by exceeding the rate of inflation over the long-term. In addition, investment managers for the Trust are expected to provide above average performance when compared to their peer managers. Performance volatility is also monitored. Risk/volatility is further managed by the distinct investment objectives of each of the Trust funds and the diversification within each fund. Pension plan assets measured at fair value are summarized below: At December 31, 2013 Total Fair (In thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Value Asset Category: Mutual funds - equity Large-cap value (a) $ 1,372 $ - $ - $ 1,372 Small-cap core (b) 1,801 - - 1,801 Large-cap Growth (c) 2,068 - - 2,068 International Core (d) 1,447 - - 1,447 Common/collective trusts - equity Large-cap core (e) - 1,533 - 1,533 Large-cap value (f) - 771 - 771 Common/collective trusts - fixed income Market duration fixed (g) - 1,226 - 1,226 Mutual Funds-Fixed Income Intermediate duration (h) 2,473 - - 2,473 Company common stock - - - - Cash Equivalents-Money market - - - - Total $ 9,161 $ 3,530 $ - $ 12,691 F- 48 Table of Contents (a) This category consists of investments whose sector and industry exposures are maintained within a narrow band around Russell 1000 index. The portfolio holds approximately 150 stocks. (b) This category contains stocks whose sector weightings are maintained within a narrow band around those of the Russell 2000 index. The portfolio will typically hold more than 300 stocks. (c) This category consists of a pair of mutual funds, one that seeks fast growing large-cap companies with sustainable franchises and positive price momentum, the other invests primarily in large cap growth companies based in the US. (d) This category has investments in medium to large non-US companies, including high quality, durable growth companies and companies based in countries with stable economic and political systems. (e) This fund tracks the performance of the S&P 500 Index by purchasing the securities represented in the Index in approximately the same weightings as the Index. (f) This category contains large-cap stocks with above-average yields. The portfolio typically holds between 60 and 70 stocks. (g) This category consists of an index fund that tracks the Barclays Capital U.S. Aggregate Bond Index. The fund invests in Treasury, agency, corporate, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities. (h) This category consists of two funds, one containing a diversified portfolio of high-quality bonds and other fixed income securities, including U.S. Government obligations, mortgage-related and asset backed securities, corporate and municipal bonds, CMOs, and other securities rated Baa or better. The second fund emphasizes a more globally diversified portfolio of higher-quality, intermediate-term bonds. F- 49 Table of Contents At December 31, 2012 Total Fair (In thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Value Asset Category: Mutual funds - equity Large-cap value (a) $ 1,018 $ - $ - $ 1,018 Small-cap core (b) 1,339 - - 1,339 Large-cap core (c) 752 - - 752 Large-cap value (d) 1,239 - - 1,239 Common/collective trusts - equity Large-cap core (e) - 1,191 - 1,191 Large-cap value (f) - 595 - 595 Large-cap growth (g) - 792 - 792 Common/collective trusts - fixed income Market duration fixed (h) - 3,860 - 3,860 Cash Equivalents-Money market - - - - Total $ 4,348 $ 6,438 $ - $ 10,786 (a) This category consists of investments whose sector and industry exposures are maintained within a narrow band around Russell 1000 index. The portfolio holds approximately 150 stocks. (b) This category contains stocks whose sector weightings are maintained within a narrow band around those of the Russell 2000 index. The portfolio will typically hold more than 150 stocks. (c) This category consists of a mutual fund that seeks fast growing large-cap companies with sustainable franchises and positive price momentum. The portfolio holds 60 to 90 stocks. (d) This category has investments in medium to large non-US companies, including high quality, durable growth companies and companies based in countries with stable economic and political systems. (e) This fund tracks the performance of the S&P 500 Index by purchasing the securities represented in the Index in approximately the same weightings as the Index. (f) This category contains large-cap stocks with above-average yields. The portfolio typically holds between 60 and 70 stocks. (g) This category consists of a portfolio of between 35 and 55 stocks of fast growing, predictable, and cyclical large cap growth companies. (h) This category consists of an index fund that tracks the Barclays Capital U.S. Aggregate Bond Index. The fund invests in Treasury, agency, corporate, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities. Funds that are mutual funds and actively traded qualify as “Level 1” assets because market values are readily available and accessible (“using quoted prices in active markets”). Funds referred to as “common/collective trusts” are proprietary funds that are not available to the general public, and therefore classified as Level 2. The value of these are determined based on underlying assets which may be securities having quoted prices in active markets, mutual funds, or fixed income securities whose methodology for determining fair value is described in Note 20. For the fiscal year ending December 31, 2014, the Bank expects to contribute approximately $36,000 to the postretirement plan. In January 2012, the Bank made a contribution of $2.6 million to the pension plan in response to the unfunded pension liability of $2.6 million recorded at December 31, 2011. No additional contributions were made in 2013. The Company may consider an additional contribution in 2014. F- 50 Table of Contents The following benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, as appropriate, are expected to be paid from both retirement plans: Pension Postretirement (In thousands) Benefits Benefits Total Years ending December 31: 2014 $ 254 $ 36 $ 290 2015 260 36 296 2016 264 36 300 2017 282 37 319 2018 291 36 327 Years 2019 - 2023 1,708 158 1,866 The Company also offers a 401(k) plan to its employees. Contributions to this plan by the Company were $228,000 and $208,000 for 2013 and 2012, respectively. In addition, the Company made a $173,000 safe harbor contribution to the plan in 2013. The Company maintains optional deferred compensation plans for its directors and certain executive officers, whereby fees and income normally received are deferred and paid by the Company based upon a payment schedule commencing at age 65 and continuing monthly for 10 years. Directors must serve on the board for a minimum of 5 years to be eligible for the Plan. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, other liabilities include approximately $1,990,000 and $1,979,000, respectively, relating to deferred compensation. Deferred compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 amounted to approximately $208,000 and $217,000, respectively. The Company has a supplemental executive retirement plan (“SERP”) for the benefit of a retired Chief Executive Officer at December 31, 2013. A SERP was in place for the benefit of the present Chief Executive Officer at December 31, 2012 but was terminated on December 31, 2012 with the proceeds of the trust distributed on that date. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, other liabilities included approximately $125,000 and $173,000, respectively, accrued under this plan related only to the retired CEO. Compensation expense includes approximately $12,000 relating to the supplemental executive retirement plan for the year ended December 31, 2013 and $16,000 for the year ended December 31, 2012. To assist in the funding of the Company’s benefits under the supplemental executive retirement plan, the Company is the owner of single premium life insurance policies on selected participants. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, the cash surrender values of these policies were $8,268,000 and $8,046,000, respectively. The Bank adopted a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the “SERP”), effective January 1, 2014. The SERP benefits certain key senior executives of the Bank who are selected by the Board to participate, including our Named Executive Officers. The SERP is intended to provide a benefit from the Bank upon retirement, death, disability or voluntary or involuntary termination of service (other than “for cause”), subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. Accordingly, the SERP obligates the Bank to make a contribution to each executive’s account on the last business day of each calendar year. In addition, the Bank, may, but is not required to, make additional discretionary contributions to the executive’s accounts from time to time. All executives currently participating in the plan, including the Named Executive Officers, are fully vested in the Bank’s contribution to the plan. In the event the executive is terminated involuntarily or resigns for good reason within 24 months following a change in control, the Bank is required to make additional annual contributions the lesser of: (1) three years or (2) the number of years remaining until the executive’s benefit age, subject to potential reduction to avoid an excess parachute payment under Code Section 280G. In the event of the executive’s death, disability or termination within 24 months after a change in control, the executive’s account will be paid in a lump sum to the executive or his beneficiary, as applicable. In the event executive is entitled to a benefit from the SERP due to retirement or other termination of employment, the benefit will be paid either in a lump sum or in 10 annual installments as detailed in his or her participant agreement. F- 51 Table of Contents NOTE 13: Stock Based Compensation PlanS The April 2010 Stock Option Plan In June 2011, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the grant of stock option awards to its Directors and Executive Officers under the 2010 Stock Option Plan that was approved at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders on April 28, 2010 when 150,000 shares were authorized for award. A total of 45,000 stock option awards were granted to the nine directors of the Company and 75,000 stock option awards, in total, were granted to the Chief Executive Officer and the Company’s four Senior Vice Presidents. The awards will vest ratably over five years (20% per year for each year of the participant’s service with the Company) and will expire ten years from the date of the grant, or June 2021. The fair value of each option grant was established at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Black-Scholes model used the following weighted average assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 2.2%; volatility factors of the expected market price of the Company's common stock of .45; weighted average expected lives of the options of 7.0 years: cash dividend yield of 1.49%. Based upon these assumptions, the weighted average fair value of options granted was $3.77. In July 2013, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the grant of 10,000 stock option awards in total to two newly elected Directors of the Company. The awards will vest ratably over five years (20% per year for each year of the participant’s service with the Company) and will expire ten years from the date of the grant, or July 2023. The fair value of each option grant was established at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Black-Scholes model used the following weighted average assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 2.0%; volatility factors of the expected market price of the Company's common stock of .45; weighted average expected lives of the options of 7.0 years: cash dividend yield of 1.0%. Based upon these assumptions, the weighted average fair value of options granted was $6.08. The compensation expense of the awards is based on the fair value of the instruments on the date of grant. The Company recorded compensation expense in the amount of $80,000 and $81,000 in 2013 and 2012, respectively, and is expected to record $84,000 in each of the years 2014 through 2015, and $46,000, $12,000, and $7,000 in the years 2016 through 2018. At December 31, 2013, there were 105,000 options outstanding, of which 38,000 were exercisable at an exercise price of $9.00, and an average remaining contractual life of 7.5 years. Expiring options in 2013 were the result of Director attrition. F- 52 Table of Contents Activity in the stock option plans is as follows: Weighted Options Average Shares (Shares in thousands) Outstanding Exercise Price Exercisable Outstanding at December 31, 2011 120 $ 9.00 - Granted - $ - - Newly Vested - 9.00 23 Exercised (1 ) 9.00 (1 ) Expired (13 ) 9.00 - Outstanding at December 31, 2012 106 $ 9.00 22 Granted 10 $ 13.88 - Newly Vested - 9.00 21 Exercised (5 ) 9.00 (5 ) Expired (6 ) 9.00 - Outstanding at December 31, 2013 105 $ 9.00 38 The aggregate intrinsic value of a stock option represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value (the amount by which the current market value of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of the option) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options prior to the expiration date. The intrinsic value can change based on fluctuations in the market value of the Company’s stock. At December 31, 2013, the intrinsic value of the stock options was $430,000. At December 31, 2012, the intrinsic value of the stock options was $138,000. NOTE 14: EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN The Company established the Pathfinder Bank Employee Stock Ownership Plan (“Plan”) to purchase stock of the Company for the benefit of its employees. In July 2011, the Plan received a $1.1 million loan from Community Bank, N.A., guaranteed by the Company, to fund the Plan’s purchase of 125,000 shares of the Company’s treasury stock. The loan is being repaid in equal quarterly installments of principal plus interest over ten years beginning October 1, 2011. Interest accrues at the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate plus 1.00%, and is secured by the unallocated shares of the ESOP stock. In accordance with the payment of principal on the loan, a proportionate number of shares are allocated to the employees over the ten year time horizon of the loan. Participants’ vesting interest in the shares of Company stock is at the rate of 20% per year. The Company recorded $175,000 and $127,000 in compensation expense in 2013 and 2012, respectively, including $12,000 and $13,000 for dividends on unallocated shares in these same time periods. At December 31, 2013, there were 93,750 unearned ESOP shares with a fair value of $1.3 million. F- 53 Table of Contents NOTE 15: Income Taxes The provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31, is as follows: (In thousands) 2013 2012 Current $ 645 $ 1,205 Deferred 202 (276 ) $ 847 $ 929 The provision for income taxes includes the following: (In thousands) 2013 2012 Federal Income Tax $ 721 $ 873 New York State Franchise Tax 126 56 $ 847 $ 929 The components of the net deferred tax (liability) asset, included in other assets or other liabilities as of December 31, are as follows: (In thousands) 2013 2012 Assets: Deferred compensation $ 818 $ 833 Allowance for loan losses 1,950 1,741 Postretirement benefits 155 174 Mortgage recording tax credit carryforward 151 206 Impairment losses on investment securities 183 337 Capital loss carryforward 339 293 Held-to-maturity securities 504 - Other 188 284 Total 4,288 3,868 Liabilities: Pension asset (1,686 ) (511 ) Depreciation (783 ) (703 ) Accretion (159 ) (52 ) Loan origination fees (105 ) (176 ) Intangible assets (1,486 ) (1,486 ) Investment securities and financial derivative (64 ) (1,008 ) Prepaid expenses (52 ) (52 ) Total (4,335 ) (3,988 ) (47 ) (120 ) Less: deferred tax asset valuation allowance (458 ) (458 ) Net deferred tax liability $ (505 ) $ (578 ) Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income or the existence of sufficient taxable income within the carry back period. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion, or all of the deferred tax assets, will not be realized. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, management considers the scheduled reversal of the deferred tax liabilities, the level of historical taxable income and the projected future level of taxable income over the periods in which the temporary differences comprising the deferred tax assets will be deductible. The judgment about the level of future taxable income is inherently subjective and is reviewed on a continual basis as regulatory and business factors change. The valuation allowance of $458,000 represents the portion of the deferred tax asset that management believes may not be F- 54 Table of Contents realizable, as the Company may not generate sufficient capital gains to offset its capital losses. A reconciliation of the federal statutory income tax rate to the effective income tax rate for the years ended December 31, is as follows: 2013 2012 Federal statutory income tax rate 34.0 % 34.0 % State tax, net of federal benefit 2.6 1.0 Tax-exempt interest income (8.5 ) (7.3 ) Increase in value of bank owned life insurance less premiums paid (2.1 ) (2.3 ) Gain on proceeds from bank owned life insurance - (0.4 ) Other - 1.0 Effective income tax rate 26.0 % 26.0 % At December 31, 2013 and 2012, the Company did not have any uncertain tax positions. The Company’s policy is to recognize interest and penalties, if any, in income tax expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The tax years subject to examination by the Federal and New York State taxing authorities are the years ended December 31, 2010 through 2012. NOTE 16: Commitments and Contingencies The Company is a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. Such commitments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the consolidated statement of condition. The contractual amount of those commitments to extend credit reflects the extent of involvement the Company has in this particular class of financial instrument. The Company’s exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit is represented by the contractual amount of the instrument. The Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments as it does for on-balance sheet instruments. The Company does not issue any guarantees that would require liability recognition or disclosure, other than its standby letters of credit. Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Generally, all letters of credit when issued have expiration dates within one year of issuance. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as those that are involved in extending loan facilities to customers. The Company generally holds collateral and/or personal guarantees supporting these commitments. The Company had $4.8 million of standby letters of credit outstanding as of March 31, 2014. Management believes that the proceeds obtained through a liquidation of collateral and the enforcement of guarantees would be sufficient to cover the potential amount of future payments required under the corresponding guarantees. The fair value of standby letters of credit was not significant to the Company’s consolidated financial statements. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, the following financial instruments were outstanding whose contract amounts represent credit risk: Contract Amount (In thousands) 2013 2012 Commitments to grant loans $ 16,008 $ 25,145 Unfunded commitments under lines of credit 20,429 19,017 Standby letters of credit 4,563 1,481 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since some of the commitment amounts are expected to expire without being drawn upon, F- 55 Table of Contents the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Company evaluates each customer’s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit, is based on management’s credit evaluation of the counter party. Collateral held varies but may include residential real estate and income-producing commercial properties. Loan commitments outstanding at December 31, 2013 with fixed interest rates amounted to approximately $2.6 million. Loan commitments, including unused lines of credit and standby letters of credit, outstanding at December 31, 2013 with variable interest rates amounted to approximately $38.4 million. These outstanding loan commitments carry current market rates. Unfunded commitments under standby letters of credit, revolving credit lines and overdraft protection agreements are commitments for possible future extensions of credit to existing customers. These lines of credit usually do not contain a specified maturity date and may not be drawn upon to the total extent to which the Company is committed. Letters of credit written are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Generally, all letters of credit, when issued have expiration dates within one year. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as those that are involved in extending loan facilities to customers. The Company generally holds collateral and/or personal guarantees supporting these commitments. Management believes that the proceeds obtained through a liquidation of collateral and the enforcement of guarantees would be sufficient to cover the potential amount of future payments required under the corresponding guarantees. The amount of the liability as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 for guarantees under standby letters of credit issued is not material. The Company leases land and leasehold improvements under agreements that expire in various years with renewal options over the next 30 years. Rental expense, included in building occupancy expense, amounted to $83,000 for 2013 and $65,000 for 2012. Approximate minimum rental commitments for non-cancelable operating leases are as follows: Years Ending December 31: (In thousands) 2014 $ 98 2015 91 2016 91 2017 91 2018 58 Total minimum lease payments $ 429 Included in the above table of minimum rental commitments is the lease on the new Syracuse branch which is targeted for opening in the second quarter of 2014. The Company is expecting to pay $58,000 on an annual basis with $43,000 included in 2014. NOTE 17: Dividends and Restrictions The Board of Directors of Pathfinder Bancorp, M.H.C., determines whether the Holding Company will waive or receive dividends declared by the Company, subject to regulatory approval, each time the Company declares a dividend, which is expected to be on a quarterly basis. The Holding Company may elect to receive dividends and utilize such funds to pay expenses or for other allowable purposes. The FRB has indicated that (i) the Holding Company shall provide the FRB annually with written notice of its intent to waive its dividends prior to the proposed date of the dividend and the FRB shall have the authority to approve or deny any dividend waiver request; (ii) if a waiver is granted, dividends waived by the Holding Company will be excluded from the Company’s capital accounts for purposes of calculating dividend payments to minority shareholders. During 2013 and 2012, the Company paid or accrued dividends totaling $190,000 to the Holding Company in each of these two years. The Holding Company did not waive the right to receive its portion of the cash dividends declared during 2013 or 2012. F- 56 Table of Contents The Company's ability to pay dividends to its shareholders is largely dependent on the Bank's ability to pay dividends to the Company. In addition to state law requirements and the capital requirements discussed in Note 18, federal statutes, regulations and policies limit the circumstances under which the Bank may pay dividends. The amount of retained earnings legally available under these regulations approximated $6,833,000 as of December 31, 2013. Dividends paid by the Bank to the Company would be prohibited if the effect thereof would cause the Bank’s capital to be reduced below applicable minimum capital requirements. The Company is prohibited from accepting or directing the Bank to declare or pay a dividend or other capital distributions without prior written approval of the Federal Reserve. Since the Company has chosen to participate in the Treasury’s SBLF program, it is permitted to pay dividends on its common stock provided certain Tier 1 capital minimums are exceeded and SBLF dividends have been declared and paid to Treasury as of the most recent dividend period. NOTE 18: Regulatory Matters The Bank is subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company’s consolidated financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of its assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors. Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the Bank to maintain amounts and ratios (set forth in the table below) of total and Tier 1 capital (as defined in the regulations) to risk-weighted assets (as defined), and of Tier 1 capital (as defined) to average assets (as defined). As of March 31, 2014 (unaudited), the Bank’s most recent notification from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation categorized the Bank as “well-capitalized”, under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. To be categorized as “well-capitalized”, the Bank must maintain total risk based, Tier 1 risk-based and Tier 1 leverage ratios as set forth in the tables below. There are no conditions or events since that notification that management believes have changed the Bank’s category. F- 57 Table of Contents The Bank’s actual capital amounts and ratios as of March 31, 2014 (unaudited), December 31, 2013 and 2012 are presented in the following table. Minimum To Be "Well- Minimum Capitalized" For Capital Under Prompt Actual Adequacy Purposes Corrective Provisions (Dollars in thousands) Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio As of March 31, 2014: (unaudited) Total Core Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) $ 48,582 13.8 % $ 28,100 8.0 % $ 35,125 10.0 % Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) $ 44,011 12.5 % $ 14,050 4.0 % $ 21,075 6.0 % Tier 1 Capital (to Assets) $ 44,011 8.7 % $ 20,165 4.0 % $ 25,207 5.0 % As of December 31, 2013: Total Core Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) $ 47,862 14.1 % $ 27,106 8.0 % $ 33,883 10.0 % Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) $ 43,454 12.8 % $ 13,553 4.0 % $ 20,330 6.0 % Tier 1 Capital (to Assets) $ 43,454 8.7 % $ 19,928 4.0 % $ 24,910 5.0 % As of December 31, 2012: Total Core Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) $ 45,763 14.2 % $ 25,808 8.0 % $ 32,259 10.0 % Tier 1 Capital (to Risk-Weighted Assets) $ 41,574 12.9 % $ 12,904 4.0 % $ 19,356 6.0 % Tier 1 Capital (to Assets) $ 41,574 8.8 % $ 18,831 4.0 % $ 23,539 5.0 % On September 11, 2009, the Company entered into the Purchase Agreement with the United States Department of the Treasury, as part of the Capital Purchase Program (“CPP”) pursuant to which the Company issued and sold to Treasury: (i) 6,771 shares of the Company’s Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A, par value $0.01 per share, having a liquidation amount per share equal to $1,000, for a total price of $6,771,000; and (ii) a Warrant to purchase 154,354 shares of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.01 per share, at an exercise price per share of $6.58. The Company contributed to the Bank, its subsidiary, $5,500,000 or 81.23% of the proceeds of the sale of the Series A Preferred Stock. The $6,771,000 of proceeds was allocated to the Series A Preferred Stock and the Warrant based on their relative fair values at issuance ($6,065,000 was allocated to the Series A Preferred Stock and $706,000 to the Warrant). On September 1, 2011, the Company redeemed all 6,771 shares of its Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock Series A. The Company paid $6,786,000 to the Treasury Department to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, which included the original investment of $6,771,000, plus accrued dividends. In connection with this redemption, on September 1, 2011, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with the Secretary of the Treasury (“Treasury”) pursuant to which the Company sold to the Treasury, 13,000 shares of its Senior Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B (“Series B Preferred Stock”), having a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share for aggregate proceeds of $13,000,000. This transaction was entered into as part of the Treasury’s Small Business Lending Fund Program (“SBLF”). Accordingly, the Company is no longer subject to restrictions of the CPP program. The SBLF program does have its own requirements, which are summarized below: The Series B Preferred Stock is entitled to receive non-cumulative dividends payable quarterly, on each January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1, beginning October 1, 2011. The dividend rate, which is calculated on the aggregate Liquidation Amount, was initially set at 4.2% per annum based upon the current level of “Qualified Small Business Lending”, or “QSBL” (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) by the Company’s wholly owned subsidiary, the Bank. The dividend rate for future dividend periods will be set based upon the “Percentage Change F- 58 Table of Contents in Qualified Lending” (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) between each dividend period and the “Baseline” QSBL level. Such dividend rate may vary from 1% per annum to 5% per annum for the second through tenth dividend periods, from 1% per annum to 7% per annum for the eleventh through the first half of the nineteenth dividend periods. If the Series B Preferred Stock remains outstanding for more than four-and-one-half years, the dividend rate will be fixed at 9%. Prior to that time, in general, the dividend rate decreases as the level of the Bank’s QSBL increases. The Company’s dividend rate as of the date of this report is 1.0%. Updated lending information provided to the US Treasury in early 2013 resulted in a credit against the dividend rate for 2013. Such dividends are not cumulative, but the Company may only declare and pay dividends on its common stock (or any other equity securities junior to the Series B Preferred Stock) if it has declared and paid dividends for the current dividend period on the Series B Preferred Stock, and will be subject to other restrictions on its ability to repurchase or redeem other securities. The Company may redeem the shares of Series B Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, at any time at a redemption price equal to the sum of the Liquidation Amount per share and the per-share amount of any unpaid dividends for the then-current period, subject to any required prior approval by the Company’s primary federal banking regulator. The Company’s ability to pay common stock dividends is conditional on payment of the Series B Preferred Stock Dividends described above. In addition, the SBLF program requires the Company to file quarterly reports on QSBL lending reported on by its Auditor annually. The Company must also outreach and advertise the availability of QSBL to organizations and individuals who represent minorities, woman and veterans. The Company must annually certify that no business loans are made to principals of businesses who have been convicted of a sex crime against a minor. Finally, the SBLF program requires the Company to file quarterly, annual and other reports provided to shareholders concurrently with the Treasury. The Company’s goal is to maintain a strong capital position, consistent with the risk profile of its subsidiary banks that supports growth and expansion activities while at the same time exceeding regulatory standards. At March 31, 2014 (unaudited), December 31, 2013, and December 31, 2012 the Bank exceeded all regulatory required minimum capital ratios and met the regulatory definition of a “well-capitalized” institution, i.e. a leverage capital ratio exceeding 5%, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio exceeding 6% and a total risk-based capital ratio exceeding 10%. The Bank is required to maintain average balances on hand or with the Federal Reserve Bank. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, these reserve balances amounted to $1,680,000 and $2,811,000, respectively, and are included in Cash and due from banks in the statement of condition. F- 59 Table of Contents NOTE 19: INTEREST RATE DERIVATIVE Derivative instruments are entered into primarily as a risk management tool of the Company. Financial derivatives are recorded at fair value as other liabilities. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative depends on whether it has been designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship. For a fair value hedge, changes in the fair value of the derivative instrument and changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability are recognized currently in earnings. For a cash flow hedge, changes in the fair value of the derivative instrument, to the extent that it is effective, are recorded in other comprehensive income and subsequently reclassified to earnings as the hedged transaction impacts net income. Any ineffective portion of a cash flow hedge is recognized currently in earnings. See Note 20 for further discussion of the fair value of the interest rate derivative. The Company has $5 million of floating rate trust preferred debt indexed to 3-month LIBOR. As a result, it is exposed to variability in cash flows related to changes in projected interest payments caused by changes in the benchmark interest rate. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement, with a $2.0 million notional amount, to convert a portion of the variable-rate junior subordinated debentures to a fixed rate for a term of approximately 7 years at a rate of 4.96%. The derivative is designated as a cash flow hedge. The hedging strategy ensures that changes in cash flows from the derivative will be highly effective at offsetting changes in interest expense from the hedged exposure. The following table summarizes the fair value of outstanding derivatives and their presentation on the statements of condition as of the indicated dates: (Unaudited) March 31, December 31, (In thousands) 2014 2013 2012 Cash flow hedge: Other liabilities $ 123 $ 135 $ 195 The change in accumulated other comprehensive loss, on a pretax basis, and the impact on earnings from the interest rate swap that qualifies as a cash flow hedge for the year indicated periods were as follows: (Unaudited) For the three months For the twelve months ended March 31, ended December 31, (In thousands) 2014 2013 2013 2012 Balance as of the beginning of the period: $ (135 ) $ (195 ) $ (195 ) $ (200 ) Amount of losses recognized in other comprehensive income (3 ) - (2 ) (53 ) Amount of loss reclassified from other comprehensive income and recognized as interest expense 15 15 62 58 Balance as of the end of the period: $ (123 ) $ (180 ) $ (135 ) $ (195 ) No amount of ineffectiveness has been included in earnings and the changes in fair value have been recorded in other comprehensive income. Some or the entire amount included in accumulated other comprehensive loss would be reclassified into current earnings should a portion of, or the entire hedge no longer be considered effective, but at this time, management expects the hedge to remain fully effective during the remaining term of the swap. The Company posted cash, of $200,000, under collateral arrangements to satisfy collateral requirements associated with the interest rate swap contract. F- 60 Table of Contents NOTE 20: Fair Value MEASUREMENTS AND DISCLOSURES Accounting guidance related to fair value measurements and disclosures specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Company’s market assumptions. These two types of inputs have created the following fair value hierarchy: Level 1 – Quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that the entity has the ability to access as of the measurement date. Level 2 – Quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active markets. Level 3 – Model-derived valuations in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable. An asset’s or liability’s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. In determining fair value, the Company utilizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs, minimize the use of unobservable inputs, to the extent possible, and considers counterparty credit risk in its assessment of fair value. The Company used the following methods and significant assumptions to estimate fair value: Investment securities: The fair values of securities available-for-sale are obtained from an independent third party and are based on quoted prices on nationally recognized exchange where available (Level 1). If quoted prices are not available, fair values are measured by utilizing matrix pricing, which is a mathematical technique used widely in the industry to value debt securities without relying exclusively on quoted prices for specific securities but rather by relying on the securities’ relationship to other benchmark quoted securities (Level 2). Management made no adjustment to the fair value quotes that were received from the independent third party pricing service. Interest rate swap derivative: The fair value of the interest rate swap derivative is calculated based on a discounted cash flow model. All future floating cash flows are projected and both floating and fixed cash flows are discounted to the valuation date. The curve utilized for discounting and projecting is built by obtaining publicly available third party market quotes for various swap maturity terms. Impaired loans: Impaired loans are those loans in which the Company has measured impairment generally based on the fair value of the loan’s collateral. Fair value is generally determined based upon market value evaluations by third parties of the properties and/or estimates by management of working capital collateral or discounted cash flows based upon expected proceeds. These appraisals may include up to three approaches to value: the sales comparison approach, the income approach (for income-producing property), and the cost approach. Management modifies the appraised values, if needed, to take into account recent developments in the market or other factors, such as, changes in absorption rates or market conditions from the time of valuation and anticipated sales values considering management’s plans for disposition. Such modifications to the appraised values could result in lower valuations of such collateral. Estimated costs to sell are based on current amounts of disposal costs for similar assets. These measurements are classified as Level 3 within the valuation hierarchy. Impaired loans are subject to nonrecurring fair value adjustment upon initial recognition or subsequent impairment. A portion of the allowance for loan losses is allocated to impaired loans if the value of such loans is deemed to be less than the unpaid balance. Foreclosed real estate: Fair values for foreclosed real estate are initially recorded based on market value evaluations by third parties, less costs to sell (“initial cost basis”). Any write-downs required when the related loan receivable is exchanged for the underlying real estate collateral at the time of transfer to foreclosed real estate are charged to the allowance for loan losses. Values are derived from appraisals, similar to impaired loans, of underlying collateral or discounted cash flow analysis. Subsequent to foreclosure, valuations are updated periodically and assets are marked to current fair value, not to exceed the initial cost basis. In the determination of fair value subsequent to foreclosure, management also considers other factors or recent developments, such as, changes in absorption rates and market F- 61 Table of Contents conditions from the time of valuation and anticipated sales values considering management’s plans for disposition. Either change could result in adjustment to lower the property value estimates indicated in the appraisals. These measurements are classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. The following tables summarize assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of March 31, 2014 (unaudited) segregated by the level of valuation inputs within the hierarchy utilized to measure fair value: (Unaudited) March 31, 2014 Total Fair (In thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Value Available-for-sale portfolio Debt investment securities: US Treasury, agencies and GSEs $ - $ 19,598 $ - $ 19,598 State and political subdivisions - 6,450 - 6,450 Corporate - 12,060 - 12,060 Residential mortgage-backed - US agency - 43,600 - 43,600 Equity investment securities: Mutual funds: Ultra short mortgage fund 647 - - 647 Large cap equity fund 655 - - 655 Other mutual funds - 364 - 364 Common stock - financial services industry 40 249 - 289 Total available-for-sale securities $ 1,342 $ 82,321 $ - $ 83,663 Interest rate swap derivative $ - $ (123 ) $ - $ (123 ) The following tables summarize assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, segregated by the level of valuation inputs within the hierarchy utilized to measure fair value: 2013 Total Fair (In thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Value Available-for-sale portfolio Debt investment securities: US Treasury, agencies and GSEs $ - $ 16,597 $ - $ 16,597 State and political subdivisions - 6,587 - 6,587 Corporate - 13,696 - 13,696 Residential mortgage-backed - US agency - 42,142 - 42,142 Residential mortgage-backed - private label - - - - Equity investment securities: Mutual funds: Ultra short mortgage fund 648 - - 648 Large cap equity fund 651 - - 651 Other mutual funds - 345 - 345 Common stock - financial services industry 42 251 - 293 Total available-for-sale securities $ 1,341 $ 79,618 $ - $ 80,959 Interest rate swap derivative $ - $ (135 ) $ - $ (135 ) F- 62 Table of Contents 2012 Total Fair (In thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Value Available-for-sale portfolio Debt investment securities: US Treasury, agencies and GSEs $ - $ 6,183 $ - $ 6,183 State and political subdivisions - 27,471 - 27,471 Corporate - 23,006 - 23,006 Residential mortgage-backed - US agency - 48,251 - 48,251 Residential mortgage-backed - private label - 305 - 305 Equity investment securities: Mutual funds: Ultra short mortgage fund 1,291 - - 1,291 Large cap equity fund 1,081 - - 1,081 Other mutual funds - 319 - 319 Common stock - financial services industry 33 399 - 432 Total available-for-sale securities $ 2,405 $ 105,934 $ - $ 108,339 Interest rate swap derivative $ - $ (195 ) $ - $ (195 ) Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis; that is, the instruments are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment). F- 63 Table of Contents The following tables summarize assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of the indicated dates, segregated by the level of valuation inputs within the hierarchy utilized to measure fair value: (Unaudited) March 31, 2014 Total Fair (In thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Value Impaired loans $ - $ - $ 1,254 $ 1,254 Foreclosed real estate $ - $ - $ 130 $ 130 2013 Total Fair (In thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Value Impaired loans $ - $ - $ 258 $ 258 Foreclosed real estate $ - $ - $ 69 $ 69 2012 Total Fair (In thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Value Impaired loans $ - $ - $ 773 $ 773 Foreclosed real estate $ - $ - $ 96 $ 96 F- 64 Table of Contents The following table presents additional quantitative information about assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and for which Level 3 inputs were used to determine fair value. Quantitative Information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements Valuation Unobservable Range Techniques Input (Weighted Avg.) At March 31, 2014 (Unaudited) Impaired loans Appraisal of collateral Appraisal Adjustments 5% - 30% (15%) (Sales Approach) Costs to Sell 4% - 50% (12%) Foreclosed real estate Appraisal of collateral Appraisal Adjustments 15% - 15% (15%) (Sales Approach) Costs to Sell 6% - 8% (7%) Quantitative Information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements Valuation Unobservable Range Techniques Input (Weighted Avg.) At December 31, 2013 Impaired loans Appraisal of collateral Appraisal Adjustments 5% - 30% (14%) (Sales Approach) Costs to Sell 6% - 50% (12%) Foreclosed real estate Appraisal of collateral Appraisal Adjustments 15% - 15% (15%) (Sales Approach) Costs to Sell 6% - 7% (6%) Quantitative Information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements Valuation Unobservable Range Techniques Input (Weighted Avg.) At December 31, 2012 Impaired loans Appraisal of collateral Appraisal Adjustments 5% - 30% (21%) Costs to Sell 6% - 15% (12%) Foreclosed real estate Appraisal of collateral Appraisal Adjustments 15% - 15% (15%) Costs to Sell 6% - 7% (6%) There have been no transfers of assets into or out of any fair value measurement level during the quarter ended March 31, 2014 (unaudited). As of June 30, 2013, junior subordinated debentures with a carrying value of $5.2 million were transferred from a level 3 classification to a level 2 classification. Required disclosures include fair value information of financial instruments, whether or not recognized in the consolidated statement of condition, for which it is practicable to estimate that value. In cases where quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on estimates using present value or other valuation techniques. Those techniques are significantly affected by the assumptions used, including the discount rate and estimates of future F- 65 Table of Contents cash flows. In that regard, the derived fair value estimates cannot be substantiated by comparison to independent markets and, in many cases, could not be realized in immediate settlement of the instrument. The Company has various processes and controls in place to ensure that fair value is reasonably estimated. The Company performs due diligence procedures over third party pricing service providers in order to support their use in the valuation process. While the Company believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. Management uses its best judgment in estimating the fair value of the Company’s financial instruments; however, there are inherent weaknesses in any estimation technique. Therefore, for substantially all financial instruments, the fair value estimates herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts the Company could have realized in a sales transaction on the dates indicated. The estimated fair value amounts have been measured as of their respective period-ends, and have not been re-evaluated or updated for purposes of these financial statements subsequent to those respective dates. As such, the estimated fair values of these financial instruments subsequent to the respective reporting dates may be different than the amounts reported at each period-end. The following information should not be interpreted as an estimate of the fair value of the entire Company since a fair value calculation is only provided for a limited portion of the Company’s assets and liabilities. Due to a wide range of valuation techniques and the degree of subjectivity used in making the estimates, comparisons between the Company’s disclosures and those of other companies may not be meaningful. The Company, in estimating its fair value disclosures for financial instruments, used the following methods and assumptions: Cash and cash equivalents – The carrying amounts of these assets approximate their fair value and are classified as Level 1. Interest earning time deposits – The carrying amounts of these assets approximate their fair value and are classified as Level 1. Investment securities – The fair values of securities available-for-sale and held-to-maturity are obtained from an independent third party and are based on quoted prices on nationally recognized exchange where available (Level 1). If quoted prices are not available, fair values are measured by utilizing matrix pricing, which is a mathematical technique used widely in the industry to value debt securities without relying exclusively on quoted prices for specific securities, but rather by relying on the securities’ relationship to other benchmark quoted securities (Level 2). Management made no adjustment to the fair value quotes that were received from the independent third party pricing service. Federal Home Loan Bank stock – The carrying amount of these assets approximates their fair value and are classified as Level 2. Net loans – For variable-rate loans that re-price frequently, fair value is based on carrying amounts. The fair value of other loans (for example, fixed-rate commercial real estate loans, mortgage loans, and commercial and industrial loans) is estimated using discounted cash flow analysis, based on interest rates currently being offered in the market for loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality. Loan value estimates include judgments based on expected prepayment rates. The measurement of the fair value of loans, including impaired loans, is classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Accrued interest receivable and payable – The carrying amount of these assets approximates their fair value and are classified as Level 1. Deposits – The fair values disclosed for demand deposits (e.g., interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing checking, passbook savings and certain types of money management accounts) are, by definition, equal to the amount payable on demand at the reporting date (i.e., their carrying amounts) and are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. Fair values for fixed-rate certificates of deposit are estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation F- 66 Table of Contents that applies interest rates currently being offered in the market on certificates of deposits to a schedule of aggregated expected monthly maturities on time deposits. Measurements of the fair value of time deposits are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Borrowings – Fixed/variable term “bullet” structures are valued using a replacement cost of funds approach. These borrowings are discounted to the FHLBNY advance curve. Option structured borrowings’ fair values are determined by the FHLB for borrowings that include a call or conversion option. If market pricing is not available from this source, current market indications from the FHLBNY are obtained and the borrowings are discounted to the FHLBNY advance curve less an appropriate spread to adjust for the option. These measurements are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. Junior subordinated debentures – Current economic conditions have rendered the market for this liability inactive. As such, the Company was formerly unable to determine a good estimate of fair value, resulting in a Level 3 classification at December 31, 2012. As of June 30, 2013, the Company was able to secure a quote from its pricing service based on a Discounted Cash Flow methodology which resulted in a Level 2 classification for this borrowing. Interest rate swap derivative – The fair value of the interest rate swap derivative is obtained from a third party pricing agent and is calculated based on a discounted cash flow model. All future floating cash flows are projected and both floating and fixed cash flows are discounted to the valuation date. The curve utilized for discounting and projecting is built by obtaining publicly available third party market quotes for various swap maturity terms, and therefore is classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. F- 67 Table of Contents The carrying amounts and fair values of the Company’s financial instruments as of the indicated dates are presented in the following table: (Unaudited) March 31, 2014 December 31, 2013 December 31, 2012 Fair Value Carrying Estimated Carrying Estimated Carrying Estimated (Dollars In thousands) Hierarchy Amounts Fair Values Amounts Fair Values Amounts Fair Values Financial assets: Cash and cash equivalents 1 $ 18,933 $ 18,933 $ 16,575 $ 16,575 $ 8,665 $ 8,665 Interest earning time deposits 1 500 500 500 500 2,000 2,000 Investment securities - available-for-sale 1 1,342 1,342 1,341 1,341 2,405 2,405 Investment securities - available-for-sale 2 82,321 82,321 79,618 79,618 105,934 105,934 Investment securities - held-to-maturity 2 42,990 43,359 34,412 34,222 - - Federal Home Loan Bank stock 2 2,035 2,035 2,440 2,440 1,929 1,929 Net loans 3 343,143 349,472 336,592 343,660 329,247 341,389 Accrued interest receivable 1 1,813 1,813 1,715 1,715 1,717 1,717 Financial liabilities: Demand Deposits, Savings, NOW and MMDA 1 $ 282,620 $ 282,620 $ 250,248 $ 250,248 $ 228,484 $ 228,484 Time Deposits 2 155,732 155,914 159,892 160,201 163,321 165,491 Borrowings 2 33,826 34,205 40,853 41,255 34,964 36,054 Junior subordinated debentures 2 5,155 5,152 5,155 4,825 - - Junior subordinated debentures 3 - - - - 5,155 5,155 Accrued interest payable 1 98 98 86 86 140 140 Interest rate swap derivative 2 123 123 135 135 195 195 F- 68 Table of Contents NOTE 21: Parent Company – Financial Information The following represents the condensed financial information of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. as of and for the years ended December 31: Statements of Condition 2013 2012 (In thousands) Assets Cash $ 1,147 $ 1,482 Investments 42 33 Investment in bank subsidiary 46,699 44,206 Investment in non-bank subsidiary 155 155 Other assets 403 390 Total assets $ 48,446 $ 46,266 Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity Accrued liabilities $ 221 $ 364 Junior subordinated debentures 5,155 5,155 Shareholders' equity 43,070 40,747 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity $ 48,446 $ 46,266 Statements of Income 2013 2012 (In thousands) Income Dividends from bank subsidiary $ - $ 1,200 Dividends from non-bank subsidiary 4 3 Total income 4 1,203 Expenses Interest 162 168 Operating, net 109 114 Total expenses 271 282 (Loss) income before taxes and equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries (267 ) 921 Tax benefit 69 72 (Loss) income before equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries (198 ) 993 Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries 2,604 1,655 Net income $ 2,406 $ 2,648 F- 69 Table of Contents Statements of Cash Flows 2013 2012 (In thousands) Operating Activities Net Income $ 2,406 $ 2,648 Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries (2,604 ) (1,655 ) Stock based compensation and ESOP expense 243 193 Net change in other assets and liabilities (39 ) (93 ) Net cash flows from operating activities 6 1,093 Investing Activities Capital contributed to wholly-owned bank subsidiary - - Net cash flows from investing activities - - Financing activities Proceeds from exercise of stock options 45 5 Purchase of CPP Warrants from Treasury and redemption of CPP preferred stock - (537 ) Cash dividends paid to preferred shareholders (83 ) (507 ) Cash dividends paid to common shareholders (303 ) (301 ) Net cash flows from financing activities (341 ) (1,340 ) Change in cash and cash equivalents (335 ) (247 ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 1,482 1,729 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year $ 1,147 $ 1,482 NOTE 22: RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS In the ordinary course of business, the Company has granted loans to certain directors, executive officers and their affiliates (collectively referred to as “related parties”). These loans were made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with other unaffiliated parties and do not involve more than normal risk of collectability. The following represents the activity associated with loans to related parties during the year ended December 31, 2013: (In thousands) Balance at the beginning of the year $ 5,829 Originations and Executive Officer additions 2,807 Principal payments (337 ) Decrease due to Director attrition (375 ) Balance at the end of the year $ 7,924 At December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, the Bank had no loan receivable from the Holding Company and $1.0 million, respectively. The Holding Company sold three properties to the Company in December 2013 allowing the loan receivable to be paid off. Interest paid by the Holding Company for the years ended 2013 and 2012 was $50,000 and $53,000, respectively. Deposits of related parties at December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012 were $1.6 million and $1.9 million, respectively. In October 2002, the Company entered into a land lease with one of its directors, now retired, on an arms-length basis. In January 2006, the Company entered into a lease with the Holding Company for the use of a training facility. This lease was executed on an arms-length basis. During 2010, the Company entered into an arm’s length lease with the Holding Company for space that is then sub-leased by the Company to a charitable organization at below-market rents. Rent expense paid to the related parties during 2013 and 2012 was $29,000 and $21,000, respectively. F- 70 Table of Contents NOTE 23: ACQUISITION OF INSURANCE AGENCY On December 1, 2013, the Company, through its subsidiary, Pathfinder Bank, and its subsidiary, Pathfinder Risk Management Inc. (“PRMC”), executed a Purchase and Sale Agreement to acquire a 51% interest in the Fitzgibbons Agency, LLC (“Fitzgibbons”), a local insurance agency serving the same geographic area as Pathfinder Bank. In addition, PRMC acquired 100% of certain equipment of Fitzgibbons for use in the business. This acquisition allows the Company to create more value based non-interest income revenue through a significant crossover in customer base as well as a similarity of culture. We believe that over time, both organic and acquisition growth within the Bank’s larger geographic footprint, as well as synergies from customer base access, will provide opportunities to grow and diversify our revenue through insurance services. Acquisition costs related to this transaction were $27,000 and $8,000 in the periods ended December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, respectively, and were recorded in professional and other services within noninterest expense on the income statement. The assets and liabilities assumed in the acquisition were recorded at their estimated fair values based on management's best estimates using information available at the date of acquisition. The following table summarizes the estimated fair value of the assumed assets and liabilities (dollars in thousands): Consideration paid: Cash paid by PRMC $ 428 Fair value of noncontrolling interest 359 Total consideration $ 787 Identifiable assets acquired: Cash and equivalents $ 18 Accounts receivable 1 Customer list intangible 188 Net premises and equipment 54 Total identified net assets $ 261 Goodwill: $ 526 F- 71 Table of Contents NOTE 24: ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) Changes in the components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (“AOCI”), net of tax, for the periods indicated are summarized in the table below. (Unaudited) For the three months ended March 31, 2014 (In thousands) Retirement Plans Unrealized Gains and Losses on Financial Derivative Unrealized Gains and Losses on Available-for- Sale Securities Securities reclassified from AFS to HTM Total Beginning balance $ (982 ) $ (81 ) $ 99 $ (781 ) $ (1,745 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications - (2 ) 192 18 208 Amounts reclassified from AOCI 7 9 (1 ) - 15 Ending balance $ (975 ) $ (74 ) $ 290 $ (763 ) $ (1,522 ) (Unaudited) For the three months ended March 31, 2013 (In thousands) Retirement Plans Unrealized Gains and Losses on Financial derivative Unrealized Gains and Losses on Available-for- Sale Securities Securities reclassified from AFS to HTM Total Beginning balance $ (2,765 ) $ (117 ) $ 1,564 $ - $ (1,318 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications - - (225 ) - (225 ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI 57 9 (23 ) - 43 Ending balance $ (2,708 ) $ (108 ) $ 1,316 $ - $ (1,500 ) F- 72 Table of Contents For the year ended December 31, 2013 Retirement Plans Unrealized Gains and Losses on Financial Derivative Unrealized Gains and Losses on Available-for- Sale Securities Securities reclassified from AFS to HTM Total Beginning balance $ (2,765 ) $ (117 ) $ 1,564 $ - $ (1,318 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 1,554 (3 ) (1,246 ) (781 ) (476 ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI 229 39 (219 ) - 49 Ending balance $ (982 ) $ (81 ) $ 99 $ (781 ) $ (1,745 ) For the year ended December 31, 2012 Retirement Plans Unrealized Gains and Losses on Financial derivative Unrealized Gains and Losses on Available-for- Sale Securities Unrealized Loss on Securities Transferred to Held-to- Maturity Total Beginning balance $ (3,617 ) $ (120 ) $ 1,073 $ - $ (2,664 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 615 (32 ) 716 - 1,299 Amounts reclassified from AOCI 237 35 (225 ) - 47 Ending balance $ (2,765 ) $ (117 ) $ 1,564 $ - $ (1,318 ) The following table presents the amounts reclassified out of each component of AOCI for the indicated periods: (Unaudited) (In thousands) For the three months ended Details about AOCI 1 components March 31, 2014 March 31, 2013 Affected Line Item in the Statement of Income Unrealized holding gain on financial derivative: Reclassification adjustment for interest expense included in net income $ (15 ) $ (15 ) Interest on long term borrowings 6 6 Provision for income taxes $ (9 ) $ (9 ) Net Income Retirement plan items Retirement plan net losses recognized in plan expenses 2 $ (11 ) $ (95 ) Salaries and employee benefits 4 38 Provision for income taxes $ (7 ) $ (57 ) Net Income Available-for-sale securities Realized gain on sale of securities $ 2 $ 39 Net gains on sales and redemptions of investment securities (1 ) (16 ) Provision for income taxes $ 1 $ 23 Net Income 1 Amounts in parentheses indicates debits in net income. 2 These items are included in net periodic pension cost. See Note 12 for additional information. F- 73 Table of Contents For the year ended For the year ended Details about AOCI 1 components December 31, 2013 December 31, 2012 Affected Line Item in the Statement of Income Unrealized holding gain on financial derivative: Reclassification adjustment for interest expense included in net income $ (62 ) $ (58 ) Interest on long term liabilities 23 23 Provision for income taxes $ (39 ) $ (35 ) Net Income Retirement plan items Retirement plan net losses recognized in plan expenses 2 $ (381 ) $ (395 ) Salaries and employee benefits 152 158 Provision for income taxes $ (229 ) $ (237 ) Net Income Available-for-sale securities Realized gain on sale of securities $ (365 ) $ (375 ) Net gains on sales and redemptions of investment securities 146 150 Provision for income taxes $ (219 ) $ (225 ) Net Income 1 Amounts in parentheses indicates debits in net income. 2 These items are included in net periodic pension cost. See Note 12 for additional information. NOTE 25: SUBSEQUENT EVENT (UNAUDITED) On April 8, 2014, the Company, together with the Boards of Directors of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, the majority owner of the Company, and Pathfinder Bank, have unanimously adopted a Plan of Conversion and Reorganization (the “Plan of Conversion”). Pursuant to the Plan of Conversion, Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC will sell its majority ownership in the Company in a “second-step” stock offering. Simultaneously, the Company, which is currently in the mutual holding company structure, will reorganize to a fully public stock holding company. F- 74 No person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representation other than as contained in this prospectus and, if given or made, such other information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorized by Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. or Pathfinder Bank. This prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities offered hereby to any person in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized or in which the person making such offer or solicitation is not qualified to do so, or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. Neither the delivery of this prospectus nor any sale hereunder shall under any circumstances create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. or Pathfinder Bank since any of the dates as of which information is furnished herein or since the date hereof. Up to 2,300,000 Shares (Subject to Increase to up to 2,645,000 Shares) Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. (Proposed Holding Company for Pathfinder Bank) COMMON STOCK par value $0.01 per share __________________ PROSPECTUS __________________ Keefe, Bruyette & Woods A Stifel Company [prospectus date] ________________ These securities are not deposits or accounts and are not federally insured or guaranteed. ________________ Until ________, 2014, all dealers that effect transactions in these securities, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the obligation of dealers to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions. Dear Fellow Stockholder: Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. is soliciting stockholder votes regarding the mutual-to-stock conversion of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC. Pursuant to a Plan of Conversion and Reorganization, our organization will convert from a partially public company to a fully public company by selling a minimum of 1,700,000 shares of common stock of a newly formed company, also named Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. (“New Pathfinder”), which will become the holding company for Pathfinder Bank. The Proxy Vote We have received regulatory approval of the application that includes the Plan of Conversion and Reorganization. However, we must also receive the approval of our stockholders. Enclosed is a proxy statement/prospectus describing the proposals being presented at our special meeting of stockholders. Please promptly vote the enclosed proxy card. Our Board of Directors urges you to vote “FOR” the approval of the Plan of Conversion and Reorganization and “FOR” the other matters being presented at the special meeting. The Exchange At the conclusion of the conversion, your shares of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. common stock will be exchanged for shares of New Pathfinder common stock. The number of new shares that you receive will be based on an exchange ratio that is described in the proxy statement/prospectus. Shortly after the completion of the conversion, our exchange agent will send a transmittal form to each stockholder of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. who holds stock certificates. The transmittal form explains the procedure to follow to exchange your shares. Please do not deliver your certificate(s) before you receive the transmittal form. Shares of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. that are held in street name (e.g., in a brokerage account) will be converted automatically at the conclusion of the conversion; no action or documentation is required of you. The Stock Offering We are offering the shares of common stock of New Pathfinder for sale at $10.00 per share. The shares are first being offered in a subscription offering to eligible depositors of Pathfinder Bank. If all shares are not subscribed for in the subscription offering, shares may be available in a community offering to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. public stockholders and others not eligible to place orders in the subscription offering. If you may be interested in purchasing shares of our common stock, contact our Stock Information Center at [stock information #] to receive a stock order form and prospectus. The stock offering period is expected to expire on [expiration date] . If you have any questions, please refer to the Questions & Answers section herein. We thank you for your support as a stockholder of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. Sincerely, Thomas W. Schneider President and Chief Executive Officer These securities are not deposits or savings accounts and are not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. None of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or any state securities regulator has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this proxy statement/prospectus is accurate or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. PROSPECTUS OF PATHFINDER BANCORP, INC., A MARYLAND CORPORATION PROXY STATEMENT OF PATHFINDER BANCORP, INC., A FEDERAL CORPORATION Pathfinder Bank is converting from the mutual holding company structure to a fully-public stock holding company structure. Currently, Pathfinder Bank is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc., a federally chartered corporation, which we sometimes refer to in this document as “Pathfinder-Federal,” and Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC owns 60.4% of Pathfinder-Federal’s common stock. The remaining 39.6% of Pathfinder-Federal’s common stock is owned by public stockholders. As a result of the conversion, a newly formed Maryland corporation named Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. (“New Pathfinder”) will replace Pathfinder-Federal as the holding company of Pathfinder Bank. Each share of Pathfinder-Federal common stock owned by the public will be exchanged for between 1.0552 and 1.4276 shares (or 1.6417 at the adjusted maximum) of common stock of New Pathfinder, so that immediately after the conversion Pathfinder-Federal’s existing public stockholders will own the same percentage of New Pathfinder common stock as they owned of Pathfinder-Federal’s common stock immediately prior to the conversion, excluding any new shares purchased by them in the offering, their receipt of cash in lieu of fractional exchange shares and as adjusted to reflect assets held by Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC. The actual number of shares that you will receive will depend on the percentage of Pathfinder-Federal common stock held by the public at the completion of the conversion, the final independent appraisal of New Pathfinder and the number of shares of New Pathfinder common stock sold in the offering described in the following paragraph. It will not depend on the market price of Pathfinder-Federal common stock. See “Proposal 1—Approval of the Plan of Conversion and Reorganization—Share Exchange Ratio” for a discussion of the exchange ratio. Based on the $____ per share closing price of Pathfinder-Federal common stock as of the last trading day prior to the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, unless at least __________ shares of New Pathfinder common stock are sold in the offering (which is between the _________ and the _______ of the offering range), the initial value of the New Pathfinder common stock you receive in the share exchange would be less than the market value of the Pathfinder-Federal common stock you currently own. See “Risk Factors—The market value of New Pathfinder common stock received in the share exchange may be less than the market value of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. common stock exchanged.” Concurrently with the exchange offer, we are offering for sale up to 2,300,000 shares (subject to increase to 2,645,000 shares) of common stock of New Pathfinder, representing the ownership interest of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC in Pathfinder-Federal. We are offering the shares of common stock to eligible depositors of Pathfinder Bank, to Pathfinder Bank’s tax qualified benefit plans and to the public, including Pathfinder-Federal stockholders, at a price of $10.00 per share. The conversion of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC and the offering and exchange of common stock by New Pathfinder is referred to herein as the “conversion and offering.” After the conversion and offering are completed, Pathfinder Bank will be a wholly-owned subsidiary of New Pathfinder, and 100% of the common stock of New Pathfinder will be owned by public stockholders. As a result of the conversion and offering, Pathfinder-Federal and Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC will cease to exist. Pathfinder-Federal’s common stock is currently traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol “PBHC,” and we expect New Pathfinder’s shares of common stock will also trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “PBHC.” The conversion and offering cannot be completed unless the stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal approve the Plan of Conversion and Reorganization of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC. Pathfinder-Federal is holding a special meeting of stockholders at [Meeting Location], on [Meeting Date], at [Meeting Time], Eastern Time, to consider and vote upon the plan of conversion and reorganization. We must obtain the affirmative vote of the holders of (i) two-thirds of the total number of votes entitled to be cast at the special meeting by Pathfinder-Federal stockholders, including shares held by Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, and (ii) a majority of the total number of votes entitled to be cast at the special meeting by Pathfinder-Federal stockholders other than Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC. Pathfinder Bancorp Inc.’s board of directors unanimously recommends that stockholders vote “FOR” the plan of conversion and reorganization. This document serves as the proxy statement for the special meeting of stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal and the prospectus for the shares of New Pathfinder common stock to be issued in exchange for shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock. We urge you to read this entire document carefully. You can also obtain information about us from documents that we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (“Federal Reserve Board”). This document does not serve as the prospectus relating to the offering by New Pathfinder of its shares of common stock in the offering, which is being made pursuant to a separate prospectus. Stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal are not required to participate in the stock offering. This proxy statement/prospectus contains information that you should consider in evaluating the plan of conversion and reorganization. In particular, you should carefully read the section captioned “Risk Factors” beginning on page 10 for a discussion of certain risk factors relating to the conversion and offering. These securities are not deposits or savings accounts and are not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. None of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the New York Department of Financial Services or any state securities regulator has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this proxy statement/prospectus is accurate or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. For answers to your questions, please read this proxy statement/prospectus including the Questions and Answers section, beginning on page 1. Questions about voting on the plan of conversion and reorganization may be directed to AST Phoenix Advisors, at [Proxy solicitor #], Monday through Friday from ___ a.m. to ___ p.m., Eastern Time, and Saturdays from ___ a.m. to ____p.m., Eastern Time. The date of this proxy statement/prospectus is [prospectus date], and it is first being mailed to stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal on or about [mail date]. PATHFINDER BANCORP, INC. 214 West First Street Oswego, New York 13126 (315) 343-0057 NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS On [Meeting Date], Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. will hold a special meeting of stockholders at [Meeting Location]. The meeting will begin at [Meeting Time], Eastern Time. At the meeting, stockholders will consider and act on the following: 1. The approval of a plan of conversion and reorganization, whereby Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC and Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc., a federal corporation, will convert and reorganize from the mutual holding company structure to the stock holding company structure, as more fully described in the attached proxy statement/prospectus; 2. The approval of the adjournment of the special meeting, if necessary, to solicit additional proxies in the event that there are not sufficient votes at the time of the special meeting to approve the plan of conversion and reorganization; 3. The following informational proposals: 3a. Approval of a provision in New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation requiring a super-majority vote of stockholders to approve certain amendments to New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation; 3b. Approval of a provision in New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation requiring a super-majority vote of stockholders to approve stockholder-proposed amendments to New Pathfinder’s bylaws; 3c. Approval of a provision in New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation to limit the voting rights of shares beneficially owned in excess of 10% of New Pathfinder’s outstanding voting stock; and Such other business that may properly come before the meeting. NOTE: The board of directors is not aware of any other business to come before the meeting. The provisions of New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation that are summarized as informational proposals 3a through 3c were approved as part of the process in which our board of directors approved the plan of conversion and reorganization. These proposals are informational in nature only because the Federal Reserve Board’s regulations governing mutual-to-stock conversions do not provide for votes on matters other than the plan of conversion and reorganization. While we are asking you to vote with respect to each of the informational proposals listed above, the proposed provisions for which an informational vote is requested will become effective if stockholders approve the plan of conversion and reorganization, regardless of whether stockholders vote to approve any or all of the informational proposals. The board of directors has fixed [Stockholder Record Date], as the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting and at any adjournment or postponement thereof. Upon written request addressed to the Corporate Secretary of Pathfinder-Federal at the address given above, stockholders may obtain an additional copy of this proxy statement/prospectus and/or a copy of the plan of conversion and reorganization. In order to assure timely receipt of the additional copy of the proxy statement/prospectus and/or the plan of conversion and reorganization, the written request should be received by Pathfinder-Federal by [request date]. Please complete and sign the enclosed proxy card, which is solicited by the board of directors, and mail it promptly in the enclosed envelope. The proxy will not be used if you attend the meeting and vote in person. BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Edward A. Mervine Corporate Secretary Oswego, New York [prospectus date] TABLE OF CONTENTS QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS FOR STOCKHOLDERS OF PATHFINDER BANCORP, INC. REGARDING THE PLAN OF CONVERSION AND REORGANIZATION 1 SUMMARY 6 RISK FACTORS 10 INFORMATION ABOUT THE SPECIAL MEETING 11 PROPOSAL 1 — APPROVAL OF THE PLAN OF CONVERSION AND REORGANIZATION 14 PROPOSAL 2 — ADJOURNMENT OF THE SPECIAL MEETING 16 PROPOSALS 3a THROUGH 3c — INFORMATIONAL PROPOSALS RELATED TO THE ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF NEW PATHFINDER. 16 SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA 19 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 19 HOW WE INTEND TO USE THE PROCEEDS FROM THE OFFERING 19 OUR DIVIDEND POLICY 19 MARKET FOR THE COMMON STOCK 19 HISTORICAL AND PRO FORMA REGULATORY CAPITAL COMPLIANCE 19 CAPITALIZATION 19 IMPACT OF PATHFINDER BANCORP, MHC’S ASSETS ON MINORITY STOCK OWNERSHIP 19 PRO FORMA DATA 19 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 19 BUSINESS OF NEW PATHFINDER AND PATHFINDER-FEDERAL 19 BUSINESS OF PATHFINDER BANK 19 SUPERVISION AND REGULATION 20 TAXATION 20 MANAGEMENT 20 BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF COMMON STOCK 20 SUBSCRIPTIONS BY DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 20 COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDERS’ RIGHTS FOR EXISTING STOCKHOLDERS OF PATHFINDER BANCORP, INC. 20 RESTRICTIONS ON ACQUISITION OF NEW PATHFINDER 20 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK OF NEW PATHFINDER FOLLOWING THE CONVERSION 20 TRANSFER AGENT 20 EXPERTS 20 LEGAL MATTERS 20 WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 20 STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS 21 ADVANCE NOTICE OF BUSINESS TO BE CONDUCTED AT AN ANNUAL MEETING 21 IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE SPECIAL MEETING 22 OTHER MATTERS 22 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-1 Table of Contents QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS FOR STOCKHOLDERS OF PATHFINDER BANCORP, INC. REGARDING THE PLAN OF CONVERSION AND REORGANIZATION You should read this document for more information about the conversion. The application that includes the plan of conversion and reorganization described herein has been approved by Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.’s primary federal regulator, the Federal Reserve Board. However, such approval by the Federal Reserve Board does not constitute a recommendation or endorsement of the plan of conversion and reorganization. Q. WHAT ARE STOCKHOLDERS BEING ASKED TO APPROVE? A. Pathfinder-Federal stockholders as of [Stockholder Record Date] are being asked to vote on the plan of conversion and reorganization pursuant to which Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC will convert from the mutual to the stock form of organization. As part of the conversion, a newly formed Maryland corporation, New Pathfinder, is offering its common stock to eligible depositors of Pathfinder Bank, to Pathfinder Bank’s tax qualified benefit plans, to stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal as of [Stockholder Record Date] and to the public. The shares offered represent Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC’s current ownership interest in Pathfinder-Federal. Voting for approval of the plan of conversion and reorganization will also include approval of the exchange ratio and the articles of incorporation of New Pathfinder (including the anti-takeover provisions and provisions limiting stockholder rights). Your vote is important. Without sufficient votes “FOR” its adoption, we cannot implement the plan of conversion and reorganization and complete the stock offering. In addition, Pathfinder-Federal stockholders are being asked to approve the adjournment of the special meeting, if necessary, to solicit additional proxies in the event that there are not sufficient votes at the time of the special meeting to approve the plan of conversion and reorganization. Stockholders also are asked to vote on the following informational proposals with respect to the articles of incorporation of New Pathfinder: · Approval of a provision requiring a super-majority vote to approve certain amendments to New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation; · Approval of a provision requiring a super-majority vote of stockholders to approve stockholder-proposed amendments to New Pathfinder’s bylaws; and · Approval of a provision to limit the voting rights of shares beneficially owned in excess of 10% of New Pathfinder’s outstanding voting stock. The provisions of New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation that are included as informational proposals were approved as part of the process in which our board of directors approved the plan of conversion and reorganization. These proposals are informational in nature only, because the Federal Reserve Board’s regulations governing mutual-to-stock conversions do not provide for votes on matters other than the plan of conversion and reorganization. While we are asking you to vote with respect to each of the informational proposals listed above, the proposed provisions for which an informational vote is requested will become effective if stockholders approve the plan of conversion and reorganization, regardless of whether stockholders vote to approve any or all of the informational proposals. The provisions of New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation that are summarized above as informational proposals may have the effect of deterring, or rendering more difficult, attempts by third parties to obtain control of New Pathfinder if such attempts are not approved by the board of directors, or may make the removal of the board of directors or management, or the appointment of new directors, more difficult. 1 Table of Contents Your vote is important. Without sufficient votes “FOR” adoption of the plan of conversion and reorganization, we cannot implement the plan of conversion and reorganization and the related stock offering. Q. WHAT ARE THE REASONS FOR THE CONVERSION AND RELATED OFFERING? A. The primary reasons for the conversion and offering are to: · support organic growth; · improve the liquidity of our shares of common stock; · enhance our regulatory capital position; · eliminate the uncertainties associated with the mutual holding company structure under financial reform legislation; · transition us to a more familiar and flexible organizational structure; and · facilitate future mergers and acquisitions. As a fully converted stock holding company, we will have greater flexibility in structuring mergers and acquisitions, including the form of consideration that we can use to pay for an acquisition. Our current mutual holding company structure limits our ability to offer shares of our common stock as consideration in a merger or acquisition since Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC is required to own a majority of Pathfinder-Federal’s outstanding shares of common stock. Potential sellers often want stock for at least part of the purchase price. Our new stock holding company structure will enable us to offer stock or cash consideration, or a combination of stock and cash, and therefore will enhance our ability to compete with other bidders when acquisition opportunities arise. We currently have no arrangements or understandings regarding any specific acquisition. Q. WHAT WILL STOCKHOLDERS RECEIVE FOR THEIR EXISTING PATHFINDER-FEDERAL SHARES? A. As more fully described in “Proposal 1 — Approval of the Plan of Conversion and Reorganization — Share Exchange Ratio,” depending on the number of shares sold in the offering, each share of common stock that you own at the time of the completion of the conversion will be exchanged for between 1.0552 shares at the minimum and 1.4276 shares at the maximum of the offering range (or 1.6417 shares at the adjusted maximum of the offering range) of New Pathfinder common stock (cash will be paid in lieu of any fractional shares). For example, if you own 100 shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock, and the exchange ratio is 1.6417 (at the adjusted maximum of the offering range), after the conversion you will receive 164 shares of New Pathfinder common stock and $17.00 in cash, the value of the fractional share based on the $10.00 per share purchase price of stock in the offering. If you own shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock in a brokerage account in “street name,” your shares will be automatically exchanged within your account, and you do not need to take any action to exchange your shares of common stock or receive cash in lieu of fractional shares. If you own shares in the form of Pathfinder-Federal stock certificates, after the completion of the conversion and stock offering, our exchange agent will mail to you a transmittal form with instructions to surrender your stock certificates. A statement reflecting your ownership of shares of common stock of New Pathfinder and a check representing cash in lieu of fractional shares will be mailed to you within five business days after the transfer agent receives a properly executed transmittal form and your existing Pathfinder-Federal stock certificate(s). New Pathfinder will not issue stock certificates. You should not submit a stock certificate until you receive a transmittal form. 2 Table of Contents Q. WHY WILL THE SHARES THAT I RECEIVE BE BASED ON A PRICE OF $10.00 PER SHARE RATHER THAN THE TRADING PRICE OF THE COMMON STOCK PRIOR TO COMPLETION OF THE CONVERSION? A. The shares will be based on a price of $10.00 per share because that is the price at which New Pathfinder will sell shares in its stock offering. The amount of common stock New Pathfinder will issue at $10.00 per share in the offering and the exchange is based on an independent appraisal of the estimated market value of New Pathfinder, assuming the conversion and offering are completed. RP Financial, LC., an appraisal firm experienced in the appraisal of financial institutions, has estimated that, as of May 16, 2014, this market value was $32.9 million. Based on Federal Reserve Board regulations, the market value forms the midpoint of a range with a minimum of $28.0 million and a maximum of $37.8 million, which can be adjusted upward to $43.5 million. Based on this valuation and the valuation range, the number of shares of common stock of New Pathfinder that existing public stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal will receive in exchange for their shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock is expected to range from 1,097,324 to 1,484,614, and can be adjusted up to 1,707,306, with a midpoint of 1,290,969 (a value of approximately $11.0 million to $14.8 million, which can be adjusted up to $17.1 million, with a midpoint of $12.9 million, at $10.00 per share). The number of shares received by the existing public stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal is intended to maintain their existing ownership in our organization (excluding any new shares purchased by them in the offering, their receipt of cash in lieu of fractional exchange shares and as adjusted to reflect assets held by Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC ). The independent appraisal is based in part on Pathfinder-Federal’s financial condition and results of operations, the pro forma impact of the additional capital raised by the sale of shares of common stock in the offering, and an analysis of a peer group of ten publicly traded savings and loan holding companies that RP Financial, LC. considered comparable to Pathfinder-Federal. Q. Does the exchange ratio depend on the TRADING price of PATHFINDER-FEDERAL common stock? A. No, the exchange ratio will not be based on the market price of Pathfinder-Federal common stock. Instead, the exchange ratio will be based on the appraised value of New Pathfinder. The purpose of the exchange ratio is to maintain the ownership percentage of existing public stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal. Therefore, changes in the price of Pathfinder-Federal common stock between now and the completion of the conversion and offering will not affect the calculation of the exchange ratio. Q. SHOULD I SUBMIT MY STOCK CERTIFICATES NOW? A. No. If you hold stock certificate(s), instructions for exchanging the certificates will be sent to you by our exchange agent after completion of the conversion. If your shares are held in “street name” ( e.g., in a brokerage account) rather than in certificate form, the share exchange will be reflected automatically in your account upon completion of the conversion. Q. HOW DO I VOTE? A. Mark your vote, sign each proxy card enclosed and return the card(s) to us, in the enclosed proxy reply envelope. For information on submitting your proxy, please refer to instructions on the enclosed proxy card. YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT. PLEASE VOTE PROMPTLY. Q. IF MY SHARES ARE HELD IN STREET NAME, WILL MY BROKER, BANK OR OTHER NOMINEE AUTOMATICALLY VOTE ON THE PLAN ON MY BEHALF? 3 Table of Contents A. No. Your broker, bank or other nominee will not be able to vote your shares without instructions from you. You should instruct your broker, bank or other nominee to vote your shares, using the directions that they provide to you. Q. WHY SHOULD I VOTE? WHAT HAPPENS IF I DON’T VOTE? A. Your vote is very important. We believe the conversion and offering are in the best interests of our stockholders. Not voting all the proxy card(s) you receive will have the same effect as voting “against” the plan of conversion and reorganization. Without sufficient favorable votes “for” the plan of conversion and reorganization, we cannot complete the conversion and offering. Q. WHAT IF I DO NOT GIVE VOTING INSTRUCTIONS TO MY BROKER, BANK OR OTHER NOMINEE? A. Your vote is important. If you do not instruct your broker, bank or other nominee to vote your shares, the unvoted proxy will have the same effect as a vote “against” the plan of conversion and reorganization. Q. MAY I PLACE AN ORDER TO PURCHASE SHARES IN THE COMMUNITY OFFERING, IN ADDITION TO THE SHARES THAT I WILL RECEIVE IN THE EXCHANGE? A. Yes. If you would like to receive a prospectus and stock order form, you must call our Stock Information Center at [stock information #], Monday through Friday between __:00 a.m. and __:00 p.m., Eastern Time. The Stock Information Center is closed on bank holidays. Eligible depositors of Pathfinder Bank have priority subscription rights allowing them to purchase common stock in a subscription offering. Shares not purchased in the subscription offering may be available for sale to the public in a community offering, as described herein. In the event orders for New Pathfinder common stock in a community offering exceed the number of shares available for sale, shares may be allocated (to the extent shares remain available) first to cover orders of natural persons residing in Oswego, Onondaga, Madison, Oneida, Cortland, Lewis, Jefferson, Cayuga and Wayne Counties, New York; second to cover orders of Pathfinder-Federal stockholders as of [Stockholder Record Date]; and thereafter to cover orders of the general public. Stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal are subject to an ownership limitation. Shares of common stock purchased in the offering by a stockholder and his or her associates or individuals acting in concert with the stockholder, plus any shares a stockholder and these individuals receive in the exchange for existing shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock, may not exceed 9.9% of the total shares of common stock of New Pathfinder to be issued and outstanding after the completion of the conversion. Please note that properly completed and signed stock order forms, with full payment, must be received (not postmarked) no later than 2:00 p.m., Eastern Time on [expiration date #1]. Q. WILL THE CONVERSION HAVE ANY EFFECT ON DEPOSIT AND LOAN ACCOUNTS AT PATHFINDER BANK? A. No. The account number, amount, interest rate and withdrawal rights of deposit accounts will remain unchanged. Deposits will continue to be federally insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to the legal limit. Loans and rights of borrowers will not be affected. Depositors will no longer have voting rights in Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC as to matters currently requiring such vote. Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC will cease to exist after the conversion and offering. Only stockholders of New Pathfinder will have voting rights after the conversion and offering. 4 Table of Contents OTHER QUESTIONS? For answers to other questions, please read this proxy statement/prospectus. Questions about voting on the plan of conversion and reorganization may be directed to AST Phoenix Advisors, at [proxy solicitor #], Monday through Friday from __:00 a.m. to __:00 p.m., Eastern Time, and Saturdays from __:00 a.m. to __:00 p.m., Eastern Time. Questions about the stock offering may be directed to our Stock Information Center at [stock information #], Monday through Friday between __:00 a.m. and __:00 p.m., Eastern Time. The Stock Information Center is closed weekends and bank holidays. 5 Table of Contents SUMMARY This summary highlights material information from this proxy statement/prospectus and may not contain all the information that is important to you. To understand the conversion and other proposals fully, you should read this entire document carefully, including the sections entitled “Risk Factors,” “Proposal 1 — Approval of The Plan of Conversion and Reorganization,” “Proposal 2 — Adjournment of the Special Meeting,” “Proposals 3a through 3c — Informational Proposals Related to the Articles of Incorporation of New Pathfinder” and the consolidated financial statements and the notes to the consolidated financial statements. The Special Meeting Date, Time and Place. Pathfinder-Federal will hold its special meeting of stockholders at [Meeting Location], on [Meeting Date], at [Meeting Time], Eastern Time. The Proposals. Stockholders will be voting on the following proposals at the special meeting: 1. The approval of a plan of conversion and reorganization, whereby Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC and Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc., a federal corporation, will convert and reorganize from the mutual holding company structure to the stock holding company structure, as more fully described in the attached proxy statement/prospectus; 2. The approval of the adjournment of the special meeting, if necessary, to solicit additional proxies in the event that there are not sufficient votes at the time of the special meeting to approve the plan of conversion; The following informational proposals: 3a. Approval of a provision in New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation requiring a super-majority vote of stockholders to approve certain amendments to New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation; 3b. Approval of a provision in New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation requiring a super-majority vote of stockholders to approve stockholder-proposed amendments to New Pathfinder’s bylaws; 3c. Approval of a provision in New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation to limit the voting rights of shares beneficially owned in excess of 10% of New Pathfinder’s outstanding voting stock; and Such other business that may properly come before the meeting. The provisions of New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation that are summarized as informational proposals 3a through 3c were approved as part of the process in which our board of directors approved the plan of conversion and reorganization. These proposals are informational in nature only, because the Federal Reserve Board’s regulations governing mutual-to-stock conversions do not provide for votes on matters other than the plan of conversion and reorganization. While we are asking you to vote with respect to each of the informational proposals listed above, the proposed provisions for which an informational vote is requested will become effective if stockholders approve the plan of conversion and reorganization, regardless of whether stockholders vote to approve any or all of the informational proposals. The provisions of New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation that are summarized as informational proposals may have the effect of deterring or rendering more difficult attempts by third parties to obtain control of New Pathfinder, if such attempts are not approved by the board of directors, or may make the removal of the board of directors or management, or the appointment of new directors, more difficult. Vote Required for Approval of Proposals by the Stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal Proposal 1: Approval of the Plan of Conversion and Reorganization. We must obtain the affirmative vote of the holders of (i) two-thirds of the total number of votes entitled to be cast at the special meeting by 6 Table of Contents Pathfinder-Federal stockholders, including shares held by Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, and (ii) a majority of the total number of votes entitled to be cast at the special meeting by Pathfinder-Federal stockholders other than Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC. Proposal 1 must also be approved by the depositors of Pathfinder Bank at a special meeting of depositors called for that purpose. Depositors will receive separate informational materials from Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC regarding the conversion. Proposal 2: Approval of the adjournment of the special meeting. We must obtain the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast by Pathfinder-Federal stockholders at the special meeting to adjourn the special meeting, if necessary, to solicit additional proxies in the event that there are not sufficient votes at the time of the special meeting to approve the proposal to approve the plan of conversion and reorganization. Informational Proposals 3a through 3c. The provisions of New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation that are summarized as informational proposals were approved as part of the process in which the board of directors of Pathfinder-Federal approved the plan of conversion and reorganization. These proposals are informational in nature only, because the Federal Reserve Board’s regulations governing mutual-to-stock conversions do not provide for votes on matters other than the plan of conversion and reorganization. While we are asking you to vote with respect to each of the informational proposals listed above, the proposed provisions for which an informational vote is requested will become effective if stockholders approve the plan of conversion and reorganization, regardless of whether stockholders vote to approve any or all of the informational proposals. The provisions of New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation that are summarized as informational proposals may have the effect of deterring or rendering more difficult attempts by third parties to obtain control of New Pathfinder, if such attempts are not approved by the board of directors, or may make the removal of the board of directors or management, or the appointment of new directors, more difficult. Other Matters. We must obtain the affirmative vote of the majority of the votes cast by holders of outstanding shares of common stock of Pathfinder-Federal. At this time, we know of no other matters that may be presented at the special meeting. Revocability of Proxies You may revoke your proxy at any time before the vote is taken at the special meeting. To revoke your proxy, you must advise the corporate secretary of Pathfinder-Federal in writing before your common stock has been voted at the special meeting, deliver a later-dated proxy or attend the special meeting and vote your shares in person. Attendance at the special meeting will not in itself constitute revocation of your proxy. Vote by Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC Management anticipates that Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, our majority stockholder, will vote all of its shares of common stock in favor of all the matters set forth above. If Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC votes all of its shares in favor of each proposal, the approval of the adjournment of the special meeting, if necessary, would be assured. As of [Stockholder Record Date] the directors and executive officers of Pathfinder-Federal beneficially owned 239,149 shares, or approximately 9.12% of the outstanding shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock, and Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC owned 1,583,239 shares, or approximately 60.4% of the outstanding shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock. Vote Recommendations Your board of directors unanimously recommends that you vote “FOR” the plan of conversion and reorganization, “FOR” the adjournment of the special meeting, if necessary, and “FOR” the Informational Proposals 3a through 3c. 7 Table of Contents Our Business [same as prospectus] Plan of Conversion and Reorganization The Boards of Directors of Pathfinder-Federal, Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, Pathfinder Bank and New Pathfinder have adopted a plan of conversion and reorganization pursuant to which Pathfinder Bank will reorganize from a mutual holding company structure to a stock holding company structure. Public stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal will receive shares in New Pathfinder in exchange for their shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock based on an exchange ratio. See “—The Exchange of Existing Shares of Pathfinder-Federal Common Stock.” This conversion to a stock holding company structure also includes the offering by New Pathfinder of shares of its common stock to eligible depositors of Pathfinder Bank and to the public, including Pathfinder-Federal stockholders, in a subscription offering and, if necessary, in a community offering and/or in a separate public offering through a syndicate of broker-dealers, referred to in this proxy statement/prospectus as the syndicated offering. Following the conversion and offering, Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC and Pathfinder-Federal will no longer exist, and New Pathfinder will be the parent company of Pathfinder Bank. The conversion and offering cannot be completed unless the stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal approve the plan of conversion and reorganization. Pathfinder-Federal’s stockholders will vote on the plan of conversion and reorganization at Pathfinder-Federal’s special meeting. This document is the proxy statement used by Pathfinder-Federal’s board of directors to solicit proxies for the special meeting. It is also the prospectus of New Pathfinder regarding the shares of New Pathfinder common stock to be issued to Pathfinder-Federal’s stockholders in the share exchange. This document does not serve as the prospectus relating to the offering by New Pathfinder of its shares of common stock in the subscription offering and any community offering or syndicated community offering, which will be made pursuant to a separate prospectus. Our Organizational Structure [same as prospectus] Business Strategy [same as prospectus] Reasons for the Conversion [same as prospectus] See “Proposal 1 — Approval of the Plan of Conversion and Reorganization” for a more complete discussion of our reasons for conducting the conversion and offering. Conditions to Completion of the Conversion [same as prospectus] Impact of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC’s Assets on Minority Stock Ownership [same as prospectus] The Exchange of Existing Shares of Pathfinder-Federal Common Stock [same as prospectus] 8 Table of Contents How We Determined the Offering Range, the Exchange Ratio and the $10.00 Per Share Stock Price [same as prospectus] How We Intend to Use the Proceeds From the Offering [same as prospectus] Our Dividend Policy [same as prospectus] Purchases and Ownership by Officers and Directors [same as prospectus] Benefits to Management and Potential Dilution to Stockholders Resulting from the Conversion [same as prospectus] Market for Common Stock [same as prospectus] Tax Consequences [same as prospectus] Changes in Stockholders’ Rights for Existing Stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal As a result of the conversion, existing stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal will become stockholders of New Pathfinder. Some rights of stockholders of New Pathfinder will be reduced compared to the rights stockholders currently have in Pathfinder-Federal The reduction in stockholder rights results from differences between the federal and Maryland charters and bylaws, and from distinctions between federal and Maryland law. Many of the differences in stockholder rights under the articles of incorporation and bylaws of New Pathfinder are not mandated by Maryland law but have been chosen by management as being in the best interests of New Pathfinder and all of its stockholders. The differences in stockholder rights in the articles of incorporation and bylaws of New Pathfinder include the following: (i) greater lead time required for shareholders to submit proposals for certain provisions of new business or to nominate directors; (ii) approval by at least 80% of outstanding shares required to amend the bylaws and certain provisions of the articles of incorporation; and (iii) a limit on voting rights of shares beneficially owned in excess of 10% of New Pathfinder’s outstanding voting stock. See “Comparison of Stockholders’ Rights For Existing Stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal” for a discussion of these differences. Dissenters’ Rights Stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal do not have dissenters’ rights in connection with the conversion and offering. Important Risks in Owning New Pathfinder’s Common Stock Before you vote on the conversion, you should read the “Risk Factors” section beginning on page 10 of this proxy statement/prospectus. 9 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS You should consider carefully the following risk factors when deciding how to vote on the conversion and before purchasing shares of New Pathfinder common stock. Risks Related to Our Business [same as prospectus] Risks Related to the Offering and the Exchange The market value of New Pathfinder common stock received in the share exchange may be less than the market value of Pathfinder-Federal common stock exchanged. The number of shares of New Pathfinder common stock you receive will be based on an exchange ratio that will be determined as of the date of completion of the conversion and offering. The exchange ratio will be based on the percentage of Pathfinder-Federal common stock held by the public prior to the completion of the conversion and offering, the final independent appraisal of New Pathfinder common stock prepared by RP Financial, LC. and the number of shares of common stock sold in the offering. The exchange ratio will ensure that existing public stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal common stock will own the same percentage of New Pathfinder common stock after the conversion and offering as they owned of Pathfinder-Federal common stock immediately prior to completion of the conversion and offering (excluding any new shares purchased by them in the offering, their receipt of cash in lieu of fractional exchange shares and as adjusted for assets held by Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC). The exchange ratio will not depend on the market price of Pathfinder-Federal common stock. The exchange ratio ranges from 1.0552 shares at the minimum and 1.4276 shares at the maximum (or 1.6417 shares at the adjusted maximum) of the offering range of New Pathfinder common stock per share of Pathfinder-Federal common stock. Shares of New Pathfinder common stock issued in the share exchange will have an initial value of $10.00 per share. Depending on the exchange ratio and the market value of Pathfinder-Federal common stock at the time of the exchange, the initial market value of the New Pathfinder common stock that you receive in the share exchange could be less than the market value of the Pathfinder-Federal common stock that you currently own. Based on the most recent closing price of Pathfinder-Federal common stock prior to the date of this proxy statement /prospectus, which was $_____, unless at least _______ shares of New Pathfinder common stock are sold in the offering (which is between the midpoint and the maximum of the offering range), the initial value of the New Pathfinder common stock you receive in the share exchange would be less than the market value of the Pathfinder-Federal common stock you currently own. There may be a decrease in stockholders’ rights for existing stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal. As a result of the conversion, existing stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal will become stockholders of New Pathfinder. In addition to the provisions discussed above that may discourage takeover attempts that may be favored by stockholders, some rights of stockholders of New Pathfinder will be reduced compared to the rights stockholders currently have in Pathfinder-Federal. The reduction in stockholder rights results from differences between the federal and Maryland chartering documents and bylaws, and from differences between federal and Maryland law. Many of the differences in stockholder rights under the articles of incorporation and bylaws of New Pathfinder are not mandated by Maryland law but have been chosen by management as being in the best interests of New Pathfinder and its stockholders. The articles of incorporation and bylaws of New Pathfinder include the following provisions: (i) greater lead time required for stockholders to submit proposals for new business or to nominate directors; and (ii) approval by at least 80% of the outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote generally is required to amend the bylaws and certain provisions of the articles of incorporation; and (iii) a limit on voting rights of shares beneficially owned in excess of 10% of New Pathfinder’s outstanding voting stock. See “Comparison of Stockholders’ Rights For Existing Stockholders of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.” for a discussion of these differences. [remaining risks same as prospectus] 10 Table of Contents INFORMATION ABOUT THE SPECIAL MEETING General This proxy statement/prospectus is being furnished to you in connection with the solicitation by the board of directors of Pathfinder-Federal of proxies to be voted at the special meeting of stockholders to be held at [Meeting Location], on [Meeting Date], at [Meeting Time], Eastern Time, and any adjournment or postponement thereof. The purpose of the special meeting is to consider and vote upon the Plan of Conversion and Reorganization of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC. In addition, stockholders will vote on a proposal to approve the adjournment of the special meeting, if necessary, to solicit additional proxies in the event that there are not sufficient votes at the time of the special meeting to approve the proposal. Stockholders also will vote on informational proposals with respect to the articles of incorporation of New Pathfinder. Voting in favor of or against the plan of conversion and reorganization includes a vote for or against the conversion of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC to a stock holding company as contemplated by the plan of conversion and reorganization. Voting in favor of the plan of conversion and reorganization will not obligate you to purchase any shares of common stock in the offering and will not affect the balance, interest rate or federal deposit insurance of any deposits at Pathfinder Bank. Who Can Vote at the Meeting You are entitled to vote your Pathfinder-Federal common stock if our records show that you held your shares as of the close of business on [Stockholder Record Date]. If your shares are held in a stock brokerage account or by a bank or other nominee, you are considered the beneficial owner of shares held in street name and these proxy materials are being forwarded to you by your broker or nominee. As the beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your broker or nominee how to vote. As of the close of business on [Stockholder Record Date], there were ___________ shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock outstanding. Each share of common stock has one vote. Attending the Meeting If you are a stockholder as of the close of business on [Stockholder Record Date], you may attend the meeting. However, if you hold your shares in street name, you will need proof of ownership to be admitted to the meeting. A recent brokerage statement or a letter from a bank or broker are examples of proof of ownership. If you want to vote your shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock held in street name in person at the meeting, you will have to get a written proxy in your name from the broker, bank or other nominee who holds your shares. Quorum; Vote Required The special meeting will be held only if there is a quorum. A quorum exists if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock entitled to vote, represented in person or by proxy, is present at the meeting. If you return valid proxy instructions or attend the meeting in person, your shares will be counted for purposes of determining whether there is a quorum, even if you abstain from voting. Broker non-votes also will be counted for purposes of determining the existence of a quorum. A broker non-vote occurs when a broker, bank or other nominee holding shares for a beneficial owner does not vote on a particular proposal because the nominee does not have discretionary voting power with respect to that item and has not received voting instructions from the beneficial owner. Proposal 1: Approval of the Plan of Conversion and Reorganization. We must obtain the affirmative vote of the holders of (i) two-thirds of the outstanding common stock of Pathfinder-Federal entitled to be cast at the special meeting, including shares held by Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, and (ii) a majority of the outstanding shares of 11 Table of Contents common stock of Pathfinder-Federal entitled to be cast at the special meeting, other than shares held by Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC. Proposal 2: Approval of the adjournment of the special meeting. We must obtain the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast by Pathfinder-Federal stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting to adjourn the special meeting, if necessary, to solicit additional proxies in the event that there are not sufficient votes at the time of the special meeting to approve the proposal to approve the plan of conversion and reorganization. Informational Proposals 3a through 3c: Approval of certain provisions in New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation. The provisions of New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation that are summarized as informational proposals were approved as part of the process in which the board of directors of Pathfinder-Federal approved the plan of conversion and reorganization. These proposals are informational in nature only, because the Federal Reserve Board’s regulations governing mutual-to-stock conversions do not provide for votes on matters other than the plan of conversion and reorganization. While we are asking you to vote with respect to each of the informational proposals, the proposed provisions for which an informational vote is requested will become effective if stockholders approve the plan of conversion and reorganization, regardless of whether stockholders vote to approve any or all of the informational proposals. The provisions of New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation that are summarized as informational proposals may have the effect of deterring or rendering more difficult attempts by third parties to obtain control of New Pathfinder, if such attempts are not approved by the board of directors, or may make the removal of the board of directors or management, or the appointment of new directors, more difficult. Other Matters. We must obtain the affirmative vote of the majority of the votes cast by holders of outstanding shares of common stock of Pathfinder-Federal. At this time, we know of no other matters that may be presented at the special meeting. Shares Held by Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC and Our Officers and Directors As of [Stockholder Record Date], Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC beneficially owned 1,583,239 shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock. This equals approximately 60.4% of our outstanding shares. We expect that Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC will vote all of its shares in favor of Proposal 1—Approval of the Plan of Conversion and Reorganization, Proposal 2—Approval of the adjournment of the special meeting, and Informational Proposals 3a through 3c. As of [Stockholder Record Date], our officers and directors beneficially owned 239,149 shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock. This equals 9.12% of our outstanding shares and 23.0% of shares held by persons other than Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC. Voting by Proxy Our board of directors is sending you this proxy statement/prospectus to request that you allow your shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock to be represented at the special meeting by the persons named in the enclosed proxy card. All shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock represented at the meeting by properly executed and dated proxies will be voted according to the instructions indicated on the proxy card. If you sign, date and return a proxy card without giving voting instructions, your shares will be voted as recommended by our board of directors. Our board of directors recommends that you vote “FOR” approval of the plan of conversion and reorganization, “FOR” approval of the adjournment of the special meeting, if necessary, and “FOR” each of the Informational Proposals 3a through 3c. If any matters not described in this proxy statement/prospectus are properly presented at the special meeting, the board of directors will use their judgment to determine how to vote your shares. We do not know of any other matters to be presented at the special meeting. If your Pathfinder-Federal common stock is held in street name, you will receive instructions from your broker, bank or other nominee that you must follow to have your shares voted. Your broker, bank or other nominee 12 Table of Contents may allow you to deliver your voting instructions via the telephone or the Internet. Please see the instruction form provided by your broker, bank or other nominee that accompanies this proxy statement/prospectus. Revocability of Proxies You may revoke your proxy at any time before the vote is taken at the special meeting. To revoke your proxy, you must advise the corporate secretary of Pathfinder-Federal in writing before your common stock has been voted at the special meeting, deliver a later-dated proxy or attend the special meeting and vote your shares in person. Attendance at the special meeting will not in itself constitute revocation of your proxy. Solicitation of Proxies This proxy statement/prospectus and the accompanying proxy card are being furnished to you in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the special meeting by the board of directors. Pathfinder-Federal will pay the costs of soliciting proxies from its stockholders. To the extent necessary to permit approval of the plan of conversion and reorganization and the other proposals being considered, AST Phoenix Advisors, our proxy solicitor, and directors, officers or employees of Pathfinder-Federal and Pathfinder Bank may solicit proxies by mail, telephone and other forms of communication. We will reimburse such persons for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with such solicitation. For its services as information agent and stockholder proxy solicitor, we will pay AST Phoenix Advisors $5,000 plus out-of-pocket expenses and charges for telephone calls made and received in connection with the solicitation. We will also reimburse banks, brokers, nominees and other fiduciaries for the expenses they incur in forwarding the proxy materials to you. Participants in the Employee Stock Ownership Plan If you participate in Pathfinder Bank Employee Stock Ownership Plan, you will receive a voting instruction form that reflects all shares you may direct the trustees to vote on your behalf under the plan. Under the terms of the Employee Stock Ownership Plan, the Employee Stock Ownership Plan trustee votes all shares held by the Employee Stock Ownership Plan, but each Employee Stock Ownership Plan participant may direct the trustee how to vote the shares of common stock allocated to his or her account. The Employee Stock Ownership Plan trustee, subject to the exercise of its fiduciary duties, will vote all unallocated shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock held by the Employee Stock Ownership Plan and allocated shares for which no voting instructions are received in the same proportion as shares for which it has received timely voting instructions. The deadline for returning your voting instructions to the plan’s trustee is [ESOP deadline]. The board of directors recommends that you promptly sign and mark the enclosed proxy in favor of the above described proposals, including the adoption of the plan of conversion and reorganization, and promptly return it in the enclosed envelope. Voting the proxy card will not prevent you from voting in person at the special meeting. For information on submitting your proxy, please refer to the instructions on the enclosed proxy card. Your prompt vote is very important. Failure to vote will have the same effect as voting against the plan of conversion and reorganization. 13 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 1 — APPROVAL OF THE PLAN OF CONVERSION AND REORGANIZATION The boards of directors of Pathfinder-Federal and Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC have approved the Plan of Conversion and Reorganization of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC. The plan of conversion and reorganization must also be approved by the depositors of Pathfinder Bank and the stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal. A special meeting of depositors and a special meeting of stockholders have been called for this purpose. The Federal Reserve Board has approved the application that includes the plan of conversion and reorganization; however, such approval does not constitute a recommendation or endorsement of the plan of conversion and reorganization by the Federal Reserve Board. General Pursuant to the plan of conversion and reorganization, our organization will convert from the mutual holding company form of organization to the fully stock form. Currently, Pathfinder Bank is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pathfinder-Federal and Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC owns approximately 60.4% of Pathfinder-Federal’s common stock. The remaining 39.6% of Pathfinder-Federal’s common stock is owned by public stockholders. As a result of the conversion, a newly formed company, New Pathfinder, will become the holding company of Pathfinder Bank. Each share of Pathfinder-Federal common stock owned by the public will be exchanged for between 1.0552 shares at the minimum and 1.4276 shares at the maximum of the offering range (or 1.6417 shares at the adjusted maximum of the offering range) of New Pathfinder common stock, so that Pathfinder-Federal’s existing public stockholders will own the same percentage of New Pathfinder common stock as they owned of Pathfinder-Federal’s common stock immediately prior to the conversion (excluding any new shares purchased by them in the offering, their receipt of cash in lieu of fractional exchange shares and as adjusted for assets held by Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC). The actual number of shares that you will receive will depend on the percentage of Pathfinder-Federal common stock held by the public immediately prior to the completion of the conversion, the final independent appraisal of New Pathfinder and the number of shares of New Pathfinder common stock sold in the offering described in the following paragraph. It will not depend on the market price of Pathfinder-Federal common stock. Concurrently with the exchange offer, New Pathfinder is offering up to 2,300,000 (subject to increase to 2,645,000 shares) shares of common stock for sale, representing the 60.8% ownership interest of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC in Pathfinder-Federal (as adjusted for the assets of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC), to eligible depositors and to the public at a price of $10.00 per share. After the conversion and offering are completed, Pathfinder Bank will be a wholly-owned subsidiary of New Pathfinder, and 100% of the common stock of New Pathfinder will be owned by public stockholders. As a result of the conversion and offering, Pathfinder-Federal and Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC will cease to exist. New Pathfinder intends to contribute between $7.8 million and $12.5 million of the net proceeds to Pathfinder Bank and to retain between $7.1 million and $11.4 million of the net proceeds. The conversion will be consummated only upon the issuance of at least the minimum number of shares of our common stock offered pursuant to the plan of conversion and reorganization. The plan of conversion and reorganization provides that we will offer shares of common stock in a “subscription offering” in the following descending order of priority: (i) To depositors with accounts at Pathfinder Bank with aggregate balances of at least $50 at the close of business on March 31, 2013. (ii) To our tax-qualified employee benefit plans (including Pathfinder Bank’s employee stock ownership plan and Pathfinder Bank’s 401(k) plan), which may subscribe for up to 10% of the shares of common stock sold in the offering. We expect our employee stock ownership plan to purchase 4% of the shares of common stock sold in the stock offering. (iii) To depositors with accounts at Pathfinder Bank with aggregate balances of at least $50 at the close of business on [Supplemental Eligibility Record Date]. 14 Table of Contents (iv) To depositors of Pathfinder Bank at the close of business on [Depositor Record Date]. Shares of common stock not purchased in the subscription offering may be offered for sale to the general public in a community offering, with a preference given first to natural persons (including trusts of natural persons) residing in Oswego, Onondaga, Madison, Oneida, Cortland, Lewis, Jefferson, Cayuga and Wayne Counties, New York, and then to Pathfinder-Federal’s public stockholders as of [Stockholder Record Date]. The community offering, if any, may begin concurrently with, during or promptly after the subscription offering. We also may offer for sale shares of common stock not purchased in the subscription offering or the community offering through a syndicated offering. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. will act as sole book-running manager for the syndicated offering. We have the right to accept or reject, in our sole discretion, orders received in the community offering or syndicated offering. Any determination to accept or reject stock orders in the community offering or syndicated offering will be based on the facts and circumstances available to management at the time of the determination. We determined the number of shares of common stock to be offered in the offering based upon an independent valuation of the estimated pro forma market value of New Pathfinder. All shares of common stock to be sold in the offering will be sold at $10.00 per share. Investors will not be charged a commission to purchase shares of common stock in the offering. The independent valuation will be updated and the final number of shares of common stock to be issued in the offering will be determined at the completion of the offering. See “—Stock Pricing and Number of Shares to be Issued” for more information as to the determination of the estimated pro forma market value of the common stock. A copy of the plan of conversion and reorganization is available for inspection at each branch office of Pathfinder Bank and at the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia. The plan of conversion and reorganization is also filed as an exhibit to Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC’s application to convert from mutual to stock form of which this proxy statement/prospectus is a part, copies of which may be obtained from the Federal Reserve Board. The plan of conversion and reorganization is also filed as an exhibit to the registration statement we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, of which this proxy statement/prospectus is a part, copies of which may be obtained from the Securities and Exchange Commission or online at the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website. See “Where You Can Find Additional Information.” The board of directors recommends that you vote “FOR” the Plan of Conversion and Reorganization of Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC. [Remaining sections same as Prospectus under “The Conversion and Offering,” with the following to be added] Exchange of Existing Stockholders’ Stock Certificates The conversion of existing outstanding shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock into the right to receive shares of New Pathfinder common stock will occur automatically at the completion of the conversion. As soon as practicable after the completion of the conversion, our exchange agent will send a transmittal form to each public stockholder of Pathfinder-Federal who holds physical stock certificates. The transmittal form will contain instructions on how to surrender certificates evidencing Pathfinder-Federal common stock in exchange for shares of New Pathfinder common stock in book entry form, to be held electronically on the books of our transfer agent. New Pathfinder will not issue stock certificates. We expect that a statement reflecting your ownership of shares of common stock of New Pathfinder common stock will be distributed within five business days after the exchange agent receives properly executed transmittal forms, Pathfinder-Federal stock certificates and other required documents. Shares held by public stockholders in street name (such as in a brokerage account) will be exchanged automatically upon the completion of the conversion; no transmittal forms will be mailed relating to these shares. No fractional shares of New Pathfinder common stock will be issued to any public stockholder of Pathfinder-Federal when the conversion is completed. For each fractional share that would otherwise be issued to a stockholder who holds a stock certificate, we will pay by check an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying the fractional share interest to which the holder would otherwise be entitled by the $10.00 offering 15 Table of Contents purchase price per share. Payment for fractional shares will be made as soon as practicable after the receipt by the exchange agent of the transmittal forms and the surrendered Pathfinder-Federal stock certificates. If your shares of common stock are held in street name, you will automatically receive cash in lieu of fractional shares in your account. You should not forward your stock certificates until you have received transmittal forms, which will include forwarding instructions. After the conversion, stockholders will not receive shares of New Pathfinder common stock and will not be paid dividends on the shares of New Pathfinder common stock until existing certificates representing shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock are surrendered for exchange in compliance with the terms of the transmittal form. When stockholders surrender their certificates, any unpaid dividends will be paid without interest. For all other purposes, however, each certificate that represents shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock outstanding at the effective date of the conversion will be considered to evidence ownership of shares of New Pathfinder common stock into which those shares have been converted by virtue of the conversion. If a certificate for Pathfinder-Federal common stock has been lost, stolen or destroyed, our exchange agent will issue a new stock certificate upon receipt of appropriate evidence as to the loss, theft or destruction of the certificate, appropriate evidence as to the ownership of the certificate by the claimant, and appropriate and customary indemnification, which is normally effected by the purchase of a bond from a surety company at the stockholder’s expense. All shares of New Pathfinder common stock that we issue in exchange for existing shares of Pathfinder-Federal common stock will be considered to have been issued in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to such shares of common stock, subject, however, to our obligation to pay any dividends or make any other distributions with a record date prior to the effective date of the conversion that may have been declared by us on or prior to the effective date, and which remain unpaid at the effective date. PROPOSAL 2 — ADJOURNMENT OF THE SPECIAL MEETING If there are not sufficient votes to constitute a quorum or to approve the plan of conversion and reorganization at the time of the special meeting, the proposals may not be approved unless the special meeting is adjourned to a later date or dates in order to permit further solicitation of proxies. In order to allow proxies that have been received by Pathfinder-Federal at the time of the special meeting to be voted for an adjournment, if necessary, Pathfinder-Federal has submitted the question of adjournment to its stockholders as a separate matter for their consideration. The board of directors of Pathfinder-Federal recommends that stockholders vote “FOR” the adjournment proposal. If it is necessary to adjourn the special meeting, no notice of the adjourned special meeting is required to be given to stockholders (unless the adjournment is for more than 30 days or if a new record date is fixed), other than an announcement at the special meeting of the hour, date and place to which the special meeting is adjourned. The board of directors recommends that you vote “FOR” the adjournment of the special meeting, if necessary, to solicit additional proxies in the event that there are not sufficient votes at the time of the special meeting to approve the plan of conversion and reorganization. PROPOSALS 3a THROUGH 3c — INFORMATIONAL PROPOSALS RELATED TO THE ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF NEW PATHFINDER. By their approval of the plan of conversion and reorganization as set forth in Proposal 1, the board of directors of Pathfinder-Federal has approved each of the informational proposals numbered 3a through 3c, all of which relate to provisions included in the articles of incorporation of New Pathfinder. Each of these informational proposals is discussed in more detail below. As a result of the conversion, the public stockholders of Pathfinder-Federal, whose rights are presently governed by the charter and bylaws of Pathfinder-Federal, will become stockholders of New Pathfinder, whose rights will be governed by the articles of incorporation and bylaws of New Pathfinder. The following informational 16 Table of Contents proposals address the material differences between the governing documents of the two companies. This discussion is qualified in its entirety by reference to the charter and bylaws of Pathfinder-Federal and the articles of incorporation and bylaws of New Pathfinder. See “Where You Can Find Additional Information” for procedures for obtaining a copy of those documents. The provisions of New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation that are summarized as informational proposals 3a through 3c were approved as part of the process in which the board of directors of Pathfinder-Federal approved the plan of conversion and reorganization. These proposals are informational in nature only, because the Federal Reserve Board’s regulations governing mutual-to-stock conversions do not provide for votes on matters other than the plan of conversion and reorganization. Pathfinder-Federal’s stockholders are not being asked to approve these informational proposals at the special meeting. While we are asking you to vote with respect to each of the informational proposals set forth below, the proposed provisions for which an informational vote is requested will become effective if stockholders approve the plan of conversion and reorganization, regardless of whether stockholders vote to approve any or all of the informational proposals. The provisions of New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation and bylaws that are summarized as informational proposals may have the effect of deterring or rendering more difficult attempts by third parties to obtain control of New Pathfinder, if such attempts are not approved by the board of directors, or may make the removal of the board of directors or management, or the appointment of new directors, more difficult. Informational Proposal 3a. – Approval of a Provision in New Pathfinder’s Articles of Incorporation Requiring a Super-Majority Vote to Amend Certain Provisions of the Articles of Incorporation of New Pathfinder. No amendment of the charter of Pathfinder-Federal may be made unless it is first proposed by the board of directors, then preliminarily approved by the Federal Reserve Board, and thereafter approved by the holders of a majority of the total votes eligible to be cast at a legal meeting. The articles of incorporation of New Pathfinder generally may be amended by the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote; provided, however, that any amendment of Section C, D, E or F of Article Fifth (Preferred Stock, Restrictions on Voting Rights of the Corporation’s Equity Securities, Majority Vote and Quorum), Article 7 (Directors), Article 8 (Bylaws), Article 9 (Evaluation of Certain Offers), Article 10 (Indemnification, etc. of Directors and Officers), Article 11 (Limitation of Liability), Article 12 (Choice of Forum) and Article 13 (Amendment of the Articles of Incorporation) must be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 80% of the outstanding shares entitled to vote, except that the board of directors may amend the articles of incorporation without any action by the stockholders to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of capital stock. These limitations on amendments to specified provisions of New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation are intended to ensure that the referenced provisions are not limited or changed upon a simple majority vote. While this limits the ability of stockholders to amend those provisions, Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, as a 60.4% stockholder, currently can effectively block any stockholder proposed change to the charter. The requirement of a super-majority stockholder vote to amend specified provisions of New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation could have the effect of discouraging a tender offer or other takeover attempt where the ability to make fundamental changes through amendments to the articles of incorporation is an important element of the takeover strategy of the potential acquiror. The board of directors believes that the provisions limiting certain amendments to the articles of incorporation will put the board of directors in a stronger position to negotiate with third parties with respect to transactions potentially affecting the corporate structure of New Pathfinder and the fundamental rights of its stockholders, and to preserve the ability of all stockholders to have an effective voice in the outcome of such matters. The board of directors recommends that you vote “FOR” the approval of a provision in New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation requiring a super-majority vote to approve certain amendments to New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation. Informational Proposal 3b. – Approval of a Provision in New Pathfinder’s Articles of Incorporation Requiring a Super-Majority Vote of Stockholders to Approve Stockholder Proposed Amendments to New Pathfinder’s Bylaws. An amendment to Pathfinder-Federal’s bylaws proposed by stockholders must be approved 17 Table of Contents by the holders of a majority of the total votes eligible to be cast at a legal meeting subject to applicable approval by the Federal Reserve Board. The articles of incorporation of New Pathfinder provides that stockholders may only amend the bylaws if such proposal is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 80% of the outstanding shares entitled to vote. The requirement of a super-majority stockholder vote to amend the bylaws of New Pathfinder is intended to ensure that the bylaws are not limited or changed upon a simple majority vote of stockholders. While this limits the ability of stockholders to amend the bylaws, Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, as a 60.4% stockholder, currently can effectively block any stockholder proposed change to the bylaws. Also, the board of directors of both Pathfinder-Federal and New Pathfinder may by a majority vote amend either company’s bylaws. This provision in New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation could have the effect of discouraging a tender offer or other takeover attempt where the ability to make fundamental changes through amendments to the bylaws is an important element of the takeover strategy of the potential acquiror. The board of directors believes that the provision limiting amendments to the bylaws will put the board of directors in a stronger position to negotiate with third parties with respect to transactions potentially affecting the corporate structure of New Pathfinder and the fundamental rights of its stockholders, and to preserve the ability of all stockholders to have an effective voice in the outcome of such matters. The board of directors recommends that you vote “FOR” the approval of the provision in New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation requiring a super-majority vote of stockholders to approve stockholder proposed amendments to New Pathfinder’s bylaws. Informational Proposal 3c. – Approval of a Provision in New Pathfinder’s Articles of Incorporation to Limit the Voting Rights of Shares Beneficially Owned in Excess of 10% of New Pathfinder’s Outstanding Voting Stock. The articles of incorporation of New Pathfinder provide that in no event shall any person, who directly or indirectly beneficially owns in excess of 10% of the then-outstanding shares of common stock as of the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled or permitted to vote on any matter, be entitled or permitted to vote in respect of the shares held in excess of the 10% limit. Beneficial ownership is determined pursuant to the federal securities laws and includes, but is not limited to, shares as to which any person and his or her affiliates (i) have the right to acquire pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, warrants or options and (ii) have or share investment or voting power (but shall not be deemed the beneficial owner of any voting shares solely by reason of a revocable proxy granted for a particular meeting of shareholders, and that are not otherwise beneficially, or deemed by New Pathfinder to be beneficially, owned by such person and his or her affiliates). The foregoing restriction does not apply to any employee benefit plans of New Pathfinder or any subsidiary or a trustee of a plan. The provision in New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation limiting the voting rights of beneficial owners of more than 10% of New Pathfinder’s outstanding voting stock is intended to limit the ability of any person to acquire a significant number of shares of New Pathfinder common stock and thereby gain sufficient voting control so as to cause New Pathfinder to effect a transaction that may not be in the best interests of New Pathfinder and its stockholders generally. This provision will not prevent a stockholder from seeking to acquire a controlling interest in New Pathfinder, but it will prevent a stockholder from voting more than 10% of the outstanding shares of common stock unless that stockholder has first persuaded the board of directors of the merits of the course of action proposed by the stockholder. The board of directors of New Pathfinder believes that fundamental transactions generally should be first considered and approved by the board of directors as it generally believes that it is in the best position to make an initial assessment of the merits of any such transactions and that its ability to make the initial assessment could be impeded if a single stockholder could acquire a sufficiently large voting interest so as to control a stockholder vote on any given proposal. This provision in New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation makes an acquisition, merger or other similar corporate transaction less likely to occur, even if such transaction is supported by most stockholders, because it can prevent a holder of shares in excess of the 10% limit from voting the excess shares in favor of the transaction. Thus, it may be deemed to have an anti-takeover effect. 18 Table of Contents The board of directors recommends that you vote “FOR” the approval of a provision in New Pathfinder’s articles of incorporation to limit the voting rights of shares beneficially owned in excess of 10% of New Pathfinder’s outstanding voting stock. SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA [same as prospectus] FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS [same as prospectus] HOW WE INTEND TO USE THE PROCEEDS FROM THE OFFERING [same as prospectus] OUR DIVIDEND POLICY [same as prospectus] MARKET FOR THE COMMON STOCK [same as prospectus] HISTORICAL AND PRO FORMA REGULATORY CAPITAL COMPLIANCE [same as prospectus] CAPITALIZATION [same as prospectus] IMPACT OF PATHFINDER BANCORP, MHC’S ASSETS ON MINORITY STOCK OWNERSHIP [same as prospectus] PRO FORMA DATA [same as prospectus] MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS [same as prospectus] BUSINESS OF NEW PATHFINDER AND PATHFINDER-FEDERAL [same as prospectus] BUSINESS OF PATHFINDER BANK [same as prospectus] 19 Table of Contents SUPERVISION AND REGULATION [same as prospectus] TAXATION [same as prospectus] MANAGEMENT [same as prospectus] BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF COMMON STOCK [same as prospectus] SUBSCRIPTIONS BY DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS [same as prospectus] COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDERS’ RIGHTS FOR EXISTING STOCKHOLDERS OF PATHFINDER BANCORP, INC. [same as prospectus] RESTRICTIONS ON ACQUISITION OF NEW PATHFINDER [same as prospectus] DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK OF NEW PATHFINDER FOLLOWING THE CONVERSION [same as prospectus] TRANSFER AGENT [same as prospectus] EXPERTS [same as prospectus] LEGAL MATTERS [same as prospectus] WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION [same as prospectus] 20 Table of Contents STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS In order to be eligible for inclusion in our proxy materials for our 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, any stockholder proposal to take action at such meeting must be received at our executive office, [Meeting Location], no later than December 23, 2014. Any such proposals shall be subject to the requirements of the proxy rules adopted under the Exchange Act. ADVANCE NOTICE OF BUSINESS TO BE CONDUCTED AT AN ANNUAL MEETING Provisions of Pathfinder-Federal’s Bylaws. Under Pathfinder-Federal’s Bylaws, a stockholder must follow certain procedures to nominate persons for election as directors or to introduce an item of business at a meeting of stockholders. These procedures provide, generally, that stockholders desiring to make nominations for directors, or to bring a proper subject of business before the meeting, must give written notice to the Secretary of Pathfinder-Federal at least five (5) days before the date fixed for such meeting. The notice must include the shareholder's name, record address, and number of shares owned by the shareholder, describe briefly the proposed business, the reasons for bringing the business before the annual meeting, and any material interest of the shareholder in the proposed business. In the case of nominations to the Board, certain information regarding the nominee must be provided. Provisions of New Pathfinder’s Bylaws. New Pathfinder’s Bylaws provide an advance notice procedure for certain business, or nominations to the Board of Directors, to be brought before an annual meeting of shareholders. In order for a shareholder to properly bring business before an annual meeting, or to propose a nominee to the board of directors, New Pathfinder’s Secretary must receive written notice not less than 80 days nor more than 90 days prior to any such meeting; provided, however, that if less than 90 days’ notice or prior public disclosure of the date of the meeting is given to stockholders, such written notice shall be delivered or mailed to and received by the Secretary of New Pathfinder at the principal executive office of New Pathfinder not later than the tenth day following the day on which notice of the meeting was mailed to stockholders or such public disclosure was made. provided, however, that in the event that less than 90 days’ notice or prior public disclosure of the date of the annual meeting is provided to shareholders, then, to be timely, notice by the shareholder must be so received not later than the tenth day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. The notice with respect to shareholder proposals that are not nominations for director must set forth as to each matter such shareholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting: (i) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting; (ii) the name and address of such stockholder as they appear on New Pathfinder’s books and of the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made; (iii) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of New Pathfinder which are owned beneficially or of record by such stockholder and such beneficial owner; (iv) a description of all arrangements or understandings between such stockholder and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business by such stockholder and any material interest of such stockholder in such business; and (v) a representation that such stockholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to bring such business before the meeting. The notice with respect to director nominations must include (a) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election as a director, (i) all information relating to such person that would indicate such person’s qualification to serve on the Board of Directors of the Corporation; (ii) an affidavit that such person would not be disqualified under the provisions of Article II, Section 12 of these Bylaws; (iii) such information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or any successor rule or regulation and (iv) a written consent of each proposed nominee to be named as a nominee and to serve as a director if elected; and (b) as to the stockholder giving the notice: (i) the name and address of such stockholder as they appear on the Corporation’s books and of the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made; (ii) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such stockholder and such beneficial owner; (iii) a description of all arrangements or understandings between such stockholder and each proposed nominee and any other person or persons (including their names) pursuant to which the nomination(s) are to be made by such stockholder; (iv) a 21 Table of Contents representation that such stockholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the persons named in its notice; and (v) any other information relating to such stockholder that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act or any successor rule or regulation. The 2015 annual meeting of stockholders is expected to be held _________. If the conversion is completed, advance written notice for certain business, or nominations to the Board of Directors, to be brought before the next annual meeting must be given to us no later than ________. If notice is received after ___________, it will be considered untimely, and we will not be required to present the matter at the stockholders meeting. If the conversion is not completed, advance written notice for certain business, or nominations to the Board of Directors, to be brought before the next annual meeting must be given to us by _________. If notice is received after ____________, it will be considered untimely, and we will not be required to present the matter at the stockholders meeting. Nothing in this proxy statement/prospectus shall be deemed to require us to include in our proxy statement and proxy relating to an annual meeting any stockholder proposal that does not meet all of the requirements for inclusion established by the Securities and Exchange Commission in effect at the time such proposal is received. IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE SPECIAL MEETING The Notice of Special Meeting of Stockholders, Proxy Statement/Prospectus and Proxy Card are available at _____________. OTHER MATTERS As of the date of this document, the board of directors is not aware of any business to come before the special meeting other than the matters described above in the proxy statement/prospectus. However, if any matters should properly come before the special meeting, it is intended that the holders of the proxies will act in accordance with their best judgment. 22 PART II: INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution Amount * Registrant’s Legal Fees and Expenses $ 425,000 * Registrant’s Accounting Fees and Expenses 100,000 * Marketing Agent Fees and Expenses (1) 380,000 * Records Management Fees and Expenses 30,000 * Appraisal Fees and Expenses 72,500 * Printing, Postage, Mailing and EDGAR Fees 290,000 * Filing Fees (Nasdaq, FINRA and SEC) 27,134 * Transfer Agent Fees and Expenses 15,000 * Business Plan Fees and Expenses 55,000 * Proxy Solicitor Fees and Expenses 30,000 * Other 30,366 * Total $ 1,465,000 * Estimated (1) Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. has retained Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., A Stifel Company, to assist in the sale of common stock on a best efforts basis. Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers Articles 10 and 11 of the Articles of Incorporation of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. (the “Corporation”) set forth circumstances under which directors, officers, employees and agents of the Corporation may be insured or indemnified against liability which they incur in their capacities as such: ARTICLE 10. Indemnification, etc. of Directors and Officers. A. Indemnification. The Corporation shall indemnify (1) its current and former directors and officers, whether serving the Corporation or at its request any other entity, to the fullest extent required or permitted by the MGCL now or hereafter in force, and (2) other employees and agents to such extent as shall be authorized by the Board of Directors and permitted by law; provided, however, that, except as provided in Section B of this Article 10 with respect to proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification, the Corporation shall indemnify any such indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such indemnitee only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. The right to indemnification conferred herein shall include the right to be paid by the Corporation the expenses incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition, to the fullest extent permitted by law. B. Procedure. If a claim under Section A of this Article 10 is not paid in full by the Corporation within sixty (60) days after a written claim has been received by the Corporation, except in the case of a claim for an advancement of expenses, in which case the applicable period shall be twenty (20) days, the indemnitee may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim. If successful in whole or in part in any such suit, or in a suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the indemnitee shall also be entitled to be reimbursed the expense of prosecuting or defending such suit. It shall be a defense to any action for advancement of expenses that the Corporation has not received both (i) an undertaking as required by law to repay such advances in the event it shall ultimately be determined that the standard of conduct has not been met and (ii) a written affirmation by the indemnitee of his good faith belief that the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the Corporation has been met. In (i) any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to an advancement of expenses) it shall be a defense that, and (ii) any suit by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking the Corporation shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that, the indemnitee has not met the applicable standard for indemnification set forth in the MGCL. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, II- 1 independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such suit that indemnification of the indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because the indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the MGCL, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) that the indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that the indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a suit brought by the indemnitee, be a defense to such suit. In any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, or by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving that the indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this Article 10 or otherwise shall be on the Corporation. C. Non-Exclusivity. The rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses conferred in this Article 10 shall not be exclusive of any other right that any Person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, these Articles, the Corporation’s Bylaws, any agreement, any vote of stockholders or the Board of Directors, or otherwise. D. Insurance. The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to insure itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such Person against such expense, liability or loss under the MGCL. E. Miscellaneous. The Corporation shall not be liable for any payment under this Article 10 in connection with a claim made by any indemnitee to the extent such indemnitee has otherwise actually received payment under any insurance policy, agreement, or otherwise, of the amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder. The rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses conferred in Sections A and B of this Article 10 shall be contract rights and such rights shall continue as to an indemnitee who has ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of the indemnitee’s heirs, executors and administrators. F. Limitations Imposed by Federal Law . Notwithstanding any other provision set forth in this Article 10, in no event shall any payments made by the Corporation pursuant to this Article 10 exceed the amount permissible under applicable federal law, including, without limitation, Section 18(k) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. Any repeal or modification of this Article 10 shall not in any way diminish any rights to indemnification or advancement of expenses of such director or officer or the obligations of the Corporation arising hereunder with respect to events occurring, or claims made, while this Article 10 is in force. ARTICLE 11. Limitation of Liability. An officer or director of the Corporation, as such, shall not be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for money damages, except (A) to the extent that it is proved that the Person actually received an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services, for the amount of the benefit or profit in money, property or services actually received; or (B) to the extent that a judgment or other final adjudication adverse to the Person is entered in a proceeding based on a finding in the proceeding that the Person’s action, or failure to act, was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty and was material to the cause of action adjudicated in the proceeding; or (C) to the extent otherwise provided by the MGCL. If the MGCL is amended to further eliminate or limit the personal liability of officers and directors, then the liability of officers and directors of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the MGCL, as so amended. Any repeal or modification of the foregoing paragraph by the stockholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director or officer of the Corporation existing at the time of such repeal or modification. Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities Not Applicable. II- 2 Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules: The exhibits and financial statement schedules filed as part of this registration statement are as follows: (a) List of Exhibits 1.1 Engagement Letters between Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, Pathfinder Bancorp, LLC, Pathfinder Community Bank and Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., A Stifel Company 1.2 Form of Agency Agreement between Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc., a Federal corporation, Pathfinder Bank and Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc., a Maryland corporation, and Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., A Stifel Company* 2 Plan of Conversion and Reorganization 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. 3.2 Bylaws of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. 4 Form of Common Stock Certificate of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. 5 Opinion of Luse Gorman Pomerenk & Schick, P.C. regarding legality of securities being registered 8.1 Form of Federal Tax Opinion of Luse Gorman Pomerenk & Schick, P.C. 8.2 Form of State Tax Opinion of Bonadio & Co., LLP 10.1 Oswego City Savings Bank 1997 Stock Option Plan (Incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc’s Registration Statement on Form S-4, file no. 333-36051, originally filed on September 19, 1997) 10.2 2010 Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. Stock Option Plan (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc’s definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A for Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.’s Annual Meeting of Shareholders, file no. 000-23601, originally filed on March 26, 2010) 10.3 Amended and Restated Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, file no. 000-23601, originally filed on March 27, 2009) 10.4 Amended and Restated Trustee Deferred Fee Plan (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, file no. 000-23601, originally filed on March 27, 2009) 10.5 Employment Agreement between Pathfinder Bank and Thomas W. Schneider, President and Chief Executive Officer (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, file no. 000-23601, originally filed on March 27, 2009) 10.6 Employment Agreement between Pathfinder Bank and Edward A. Mervine, Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, file no. 000-23601, originally filed on March 27, 2009) 10.7 Change of Control Agreement between Pathfinder Bank and Ronald Tascarella (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, file no. 000-23601, originally filed on March 27, 2009) 10.8 Change of Control Agreement between Pathfinder Bank and James A. Dowd (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, file no. 000-23601, originally filed on March 27, 2009) 10.9 Change of Control Agreement between Pathfinder Bank and Melissa A. Miller (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, file no. 000-23601, originally filed on March 27, 2009) 10.10 Executive Supplemental Retirement Agreement between Pathfinder Bank and Thomas W. Schneider (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, file no. 000-23601, originally filed on March 27, 2009) 10.11 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan adopted February 21, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.’s Current Report Form 8-K, file no. 000-23601, originally filed on February 25, 2014) II- 3 10.12 Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan Agreement between Pathfinder Bank and Thomas W. Schneider effective February 24, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.’s Current Report Form 8-K, file no. 000-23601, originally filed on February 25, 2014) 10.13 Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan Agreement between Pathfinder Bank and Edward A. Mervine effective February 24, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.’s Current Report Form 8-K, file no. 000-23601, originally filed on February 25, 2014) 10.14 Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan Agreement between Pathfinder Bank and James A. Dowd effective February 24, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.’s Current Report Form 8-K, file no. 000-23601, originally filed on February 25, 2014) 21 Subsidiaries of Registrant 23.1 Consent of Luse Gorman Pomerenk & Schick, P.C. (contained in Opinions included as Exhibits 5 and 8.1) 23.2 Consent of RP Financial, LC. 23.3 Consent of Bonadio & Co., LLP 24 Power of Attorney (set forth on signature page) 99.1 Appraisal Agreement between Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. and RP Financial, LC. 99.2 Letter of RP Financial, LC. with respect to Subscription Rights 99.3 Appraisal Report of RP Financial, LC.** 99.4 Marketing Materials* 99.5 Stock Order and Certification Form* 99.6 Letter of RP Financial, LC. with respect to Liquidation Accounts 99.7 Form of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. Stockholder Proxy Card 101 The following financial statements of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. at March 31, 2014, December 31, 2013 and 2012 and for the three months ended March 31, 2014 and 2013 and for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 formatted in XBRL: (i) Consolidated Statements of Condition, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.* * To be filed by amendment. ** Supporting financial schedules filed in paper format only pursuant to Rule 202 of Regulation S-T. Available for inspection during business hours at the principal offices of the SEC in Washington, D.C. (b) Financial Statement Schedules No financial statement schedules are filed because the required information is not applicable or is included in the consolidated financial statements or related notes. Item 17. Undertakings The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in II- 4 volume and price represent no more than a 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; (iii) To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement. (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (4) That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities: The undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 (§230.424 of this chapter); (ii) Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (5) That, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective. (6) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (7) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to provide to the underwriter at the closing specified in the underwriting agreement, certificates in such denominations and registered in such names as required by the underwriter to permit prompt delivery to each purchaser. (8) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act, and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for II- 5 indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. II- 6 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in the City of Oswego, State of New York on June 10, 2014. PATHFINDER BANCORP, INC. By: /s/ Thomas W. Schneider Thomas W. Schneider President and Chief Executive Officer (Duly Authorized Representative) POWER OF ATTORNEY We, the undersigned directors and officers of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. (the “Company”) hereby severally constitute and appoint Thomas W. Schneider as our true and lawful attorney and agent, to do any and all things in our names in the capacities indicated below which said Thomas W. Schneider may deem necessary or advisable to enable the Company to comply with the Securities Act of 1933, and any rules, regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, in connection with the registration statement on Form S-1 relating to the offering of the Company’s common stock, including specifically, but not limited to, power and authority to sign for us in our names in the capacities indicated below the registration statement and any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments) thereto; and we hereby approve, ratify and confirm all that said Thomas W. Schneider shall do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signatures Title Date /s/ Thomas W. Schneider President, Chief Executive Officer and Director June 10, 2014 Thomas W. Schneider (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ James A. Dowd Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer June 10, 2014 James A. Dowd (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) /s/ Chris R. Burritt Chairman of the Board June 10, 2014 Chris R. Burritt /s/ David A. Ayoub Director June 10, 2014 David A. Ayoub /s/ William A. Barclay Director June 10, 2014 William A. Barclay /s/ John P. Funiciello Director June 10, 2014 John P. Funiciello /s/ Adam C. Gagas Director June 10, 2014 Adam C. Gagas /s/ George P. Joyce Director June 10, 2014 George P. Joyce /s/ Lloyd "Buddy" Stemple Director June 10, 2014 Lloyd "Buddy" Stemple /s/ John F. Sharkey, III Director June 10, 2014 John F. Sharkey, III As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 11, 2014 Registration No. 333-________ SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 EXHIBITS TO REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON FORM S-1 Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. Oswego, New York EXHIBIT INDEX 1.1 Engagement Letters between Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, Pathfinder Bancorp, LLC, Pathfinder Community Bank and Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., A Stifel Company 1.2 Form of Agency Agreement between Pathfinder Bancorp, MHC, Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc., a Federal corporation, Pathfinder Bank and Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc., a Maryland corporation, and Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., A Stifel Company* 2 Plan of Conversion and Reorganization 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. 3.2 Bylaws of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. 4 Form of Common Stock Certificate of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. 5 Opinion of Luse Gorman Pomerenk & Schick, P.C. regarding legality of securities being registered 8.1 Form of Federal Tax Opinion of Luse Gorman Pomerenk & Schick, P.C. 8.2 Form of State Tax Opinion of Bonadio & Co., LLP 10.1 Oswego City Savings Bank 1997 Stock Option Plan (Incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc’s Registration Statement on Form S-4, file no. 333-36051, originally filed on September 19, 1997) 10.2 2010 Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. Stock Option Plan (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc’s definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A for Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.’s Annual Meeting of Shareholders, file no. 000-23601, originally filed on March 26, 2010) 10.3 Amended and Restated Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, file no. 000-23601, originally filed on March 27, 2009) 10.4 Amended and Restated Trustee Deferred Fee Plan (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, file no. 000-23601, originally filed on March 27, 2009) 10.5 Employment Agreement between Pathfinder Bank and Thomas W. Schneider, President and Chief Executive Officer (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, file no. 000-23601, originally filed on March 27, 2009) 10.6 Employment Agreement between Pathfinder Bank and Edward A. Mervine, Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, file no. 000-23601, originally filed on March 27, 2009) 10.7 Change of Control Agreement between Pathfinder Bank and Ronald Tascarella (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, file no. 000-23601, originally filed on March 27, 2009) 10.8 Change of Control Agreement between Pathfinder Bank and James A. Dowd (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, file no. 000-23601, originally filed on March 27, 2009) 10.9 Change of Control Agreement between Pathfinder Bank and Melissa A. Miller (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, file no. 000-23601, originally filed on March 27, 2009) 10.10 Executive Supplemental Retirement Agreement between Pathfinder Bank and Thomas W. Schneider (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, file no. 000-23601, originally filed on March 27, 2009) 10.11 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan adopted February 21, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.’s Current Report Form 8-K, file no. 000-23601, originally filed on February 25, 2014) 10.12 Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan Agreement between Pathfinder Bank and Thomas W. Schneider effective February 24, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.’s Current Report Form 8-K, file no. 000-23601, originally filed on February 25, 2014) 10.13 Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan Agreement between Pathfinder Bank and Edward A. Mervine effective February 24, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.’s Current Report Form 8-K, file no. 000-23601, originally filed on February 25, 2014) 10.14 Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan Agreement between Pathfinder Bank and James A. Dowd effective February 24, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc.’s Current Report Form 8-K, file no. 000-23601, originally filed on February 25, 2014) 21 Subsidiaries of Registrant 23.1 Consent of Luse Gorman Pomerenk & Schick, P.C. (contained in Opinions included as Exhibits 5 and 8.1) 23.2 Consent of RP Financial, LC. 23.3 Consent of Bonadio & Co., LLP 24 Power of Attorney (set forth on signature page) 99.1 Appraisal Agreement between Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. and RP Financial, LC. 99.2 Letter of RP Financial, LC. with respect to Subscription Rights 99.3 Appraisal Report of RP Financial, LC.** 99.4 Marketing Materials* 99.5 Stock Order and Certification Form* 99.6 Letter of RP Financial, LC. with respect to Liquidation Accounts 99.7 Form of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. Stockholder Proxy Card 101 The following financial statements of Pathfinder Bancorp, Inc. at March 31, 2014, December 31, 2013 and 2012 and for the three months ended March 31, 2014 and 2013 and for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 formatted in XBRL: (i) Consolidated Statements of Condition, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.* * To be filed by amendment. ** Supporting financial schedules filed in paper format only pursuant to Rule 202 of Regulation S-T. Available for inspection during business hours at the principal offices of the SEC in Washington, D.C.
