UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Spirit International, Inc. (Name of registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada 5182 38-3926700 (State or jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 2620 Regatta DR. Suite 102 Las Vegas, NV 89128 (702) 359-0881 (Address and telephone number of registrant’s principal executive offices) Harold P. Gewerter, Esq. Law Office of Harold P. Gewerter, Esq., Ltd. 5536 S. Ft. Apache, Suite 102 Las Vegas, Nevada 89148 Telephone: (702) 382-1714 Facsimile No. (702) 382-1759 (Name, address and telephone number of agent for service) Copies to: Harold P. Gewerter, Esq. Law Office of Harold P. Gewerter, Esq., Ltd. 5536 S. Ft. Apache, Suite 102 Las Vegas, Nevada 89148 Telephone: (702) 382-1714 Facsimile No. (702) 382-1759 Email: harold@gewerterlaw.com Approximate date of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this Registration Statement. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933 check the following box: ¨ If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act Registration Statement number of the earlier effective Registration Statement for the same offering. ¨ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act Registration Statement number of the earlier effective Registration Statement for the same offering. ¨ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act Registration Statement number of the earlier effective Registration Statement for the same offering. ¨ Indicate by a check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one); Large accelerated filer ¨ Accelerated filer ¨ Non-accelerated filer ¨ Smaller reporting company x CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Proposed Amount to Proposed Maximum Title of Each Class be Maximum Aggregate Amount of of Securities to be Registered Offering Price Offering Price Registration Registered (1) per Share ($) ($)(2) Fee($) Shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001 4,000,000 $ .10 $ 400,000 $ 51.52 1 4,000,000 shares are being offered by a direct offering at the price of $.10 per share. 2 Estimated solely for purposes of calculating the registration fee in accordance with Rule 457(o) of the Securities Act, based upon the fixed price of the direct offering. The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. Prospectus Spirit International, Inc. 4,000,000 Shares of Common Stock $0.10per share $400,000 Maximum Offering Spirit International, Inc. (“Spirit” or the "Company") is offering on a best-efforts basis a minimum of 200,000 and a maximum of 4,000,000 shares of its common stock at a fixed price of $0.10 per share. The price of $0.10 per share is a fixed for the duration of this offering. There is no minimum investment required from any individual investor. The shares are intended to be sold directly through the efforts of Zur Dadon, our sole officer and director. After the effective date of this prospectus, Mr. Dadon intends to advertise through personal contacts, telephone, and hold investment meetings. We will not utilize the Internet or print media to advertise our offering. Mr. Dadon will also distribute the prospectus to potential investors at meetings, to his business associates and to his friends and relatives who are interested in Spirit as a possible investment. For more information, see the section titled "Plan of Distribution" herein. The proceeds from the sale of the shares in this offering will be payable to Law Offices of Harold P. Gewerter, Esq., Ltd., Client Trust Account f/b/o Spirit International, Inc. All subscription funds will be held in a Trust Account pending the achievement of the Minimum Offering and no funds shall be released to Spirit until such a time as the minimum proceeds are raised. Any additional proceeds received after the Minimum Offering is achieved will be immediately released to the Company by the Escrow Agent, Law Offices of Harold P. Gewerter, Esq., Ltd. If the Minimum Offering is not achieved within 180 days of the date of this prospectus, all subscription funds will be returned to investors promptly without interest (since the funds are being held in an account in which the State Bar of Nevada receives all interest) or deduction of fees. See the section entitled "Plan of Distribution” herein. Neither the Company nor any subscriber shall be entitled to interest no matter how long subscriber funds might be held. The offering may terminate on the earlier of: (i) the date when the sale of all 4,000,000 shares is completed, (ii) anytime after the minimum offering of 200,000 shares of common stock is achieved, or (iii) 180 days from the effective date of this document. Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for Spirit common stock. We are a development stage company which currently has limited operations and has not generated any revenue. Therefore, any investment involves a high degree of risk. We plan to contact a market maker immediately following the effectiveness of this Registration Statement and apply to have the shares quoted on the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board (OTCBB). The Company is an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act. THIS INVESTMENT INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. YOU SHOULD PURCHASE ONLY IF YOU CAN AFFORD A COMPLETE LOSS OF YOUR INVESTMENT. SEE THE SECTION ENTITLED “RISK FACTORS” HEREIN ON PAGE 8. Number of Shares Offering Price Underwriting Discounts & Commissions Proceeds to the Company Per Share 1 $ 0.10 $ 0.00 $ 0.10 Minimum 200,000 $ 20,000 $ 0.00 $ 20,000 50% of Maximum 2,000,000 $ 200,000 $ 0.00 $ 200,000 Maximum 4,000,000 $ 400,000 $ 0.00 $ 400,000 This Prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. The price of $0.10 per share is a fixed for the duration of this offering. 1 NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THESE SECURITIES, OR PASSED UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THIS PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. THE INFORMATION IN THIS PROSPECTUS IS NOT COMPLETE AND MAY BE CHANGED. SPIRIT INTERNATIONAL, INC. MAY NOT SELL THESE SECURITIES UNTIL THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FILED WITH THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION IS EFFECTIVE. THIS PROSPECTUS IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL THESE SECURITIES AND IT IS NOT SOLICITING AN OFFER TO BUY THESE SECURITIES IN ANY STATE WHISE THE OFFER OR SALE IS NOT PERMITTED. Spirit does not plan to use this offering prospectus before the effective date. The date of this Prospectus is ______________, 2014. 2 Table of Contents PART I: INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS 4 SUMMARY OF PROSPECTUS 4 General Information about the Company 4 The Offering 5 RISK FACTORS 8 RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THIS OFFERING 12 USE OF PROCEEDS 14 DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE 15 DILUTION OF THE PRICE YOU PAY FOR YOUR SHARES 15 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 16 Offering will be Sold by Our Officer and Director 16 Terms of the Offering 17 Deposit of Offering Proceeds 18 Procedures and Requirements for Subscription 18 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 18 INTEREST OF NAMED EXPERTS AND COUNSEL 19 DESCRIPTION OF OUR BUSINESS 21 General Information 21 Patents and Trademarks 23 Need for any Government Approval of Services 23 Government and Industry Regulation 23 Research and Development Activities 23 Environmental Laws 23 Employees and Employment Agreements 23 DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY 23 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 23 MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 24 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATION 26 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FISCAL DISCLOSURE 29 FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 29 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS 29 BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE 30 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 30 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 31 FUTURE SALES BY EXISTING STOCKHOLDERS 32 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 32 INDEMNIFICATION 33 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 33 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS F-1 PART II: INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS 34 OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION 34 INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS 34 RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES 35 EXHIBITS 35 UNDERTAKINGS 36 3 PART I: INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS SPIRIT INTERNATIONAL, INC. 2620 REGATTA DR. SUITE 102 LAS VEGAS, NEVADA 89128 (702) 359-0881 SUMMARY OF PROSPECTUS You should read the following summary together with the more detailed business information, financial statements and related notes that appear elsewhere in this prospectus. In this prospectus, unless the context otherwise denotes, references to “we,” “us,” “our” and “Company” refer to “Spirit International, Inc.”. General Information about the Company We are a development stage company formed in the state of Nevada on March 10, 2014. Spirit has signed a License and Distribution Agreement with New World Whisky Distilleries Pty. Ltd. under which Spirit has received the exclusive right for distribution in Europe and the Middle East as more fully described herein. Spirit is a development stage company that has not commenced its planned principal operations to date. Spirit plans to initiate marketing and offer our products to the marketplace approximately nine months following the closing of the offering. Operations to date have been devoted primarily to start-up and development activities, which include the following: 1. Framework for the business; 2. Evaluate areas as initial markets; The Company believes that raising $20,000 through the sale of common equity is sufficient for the company to become operational and sustain operations through the next twelve (12) months. Our independent auditors have expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern in the independent auditors’ report to the financial statements included in the registration statement. Spirit currently has one officer and director. This individual allocates time and personal resources to Spirit on a part-time basis and devotes approximately 15 hours a week to the Company. Once the public offering is closed, Mr. Dadon plans to spend the time necessary to oversee the overall development of the business, organize the marketing campaign and direct the primary operations of the business. As of the date of this prospectus, Spirit has 5,000,000 shares of $0.0001 par value common stock issued and outstanding. Spirit has administrative offices located at 2620 Regata Dr. Ste 102, Las Vegas, NV 89128. Mr. Dadon, our sole office and director, provides the office on a rent free basis. Spirit International, Inc’s fiscal year end is December 31. The Company is an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act. The Company shall continue to be deemed an emerging growth company until the earliest of— ‘(A) the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer during which it had total annual gross revenues of $1,000,000,000 (as such amount is indexed for inflation every 5 years by the Commission to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, setting the threshold to the nearest 1,000,000) or more; 4 ‘(B) the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities of the issuer pursuant to an effective registration statement under this title; ‘(C) the date on which such issuer has, during the previous 3-year period, issued more than $1,000,000,000 in non-convertible debt; or ‘(D) the date on which such issuer is deemed to be a ‘large accelerated filer’, as defined in section 240.12b-2 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto.’. As an emerging growth company the company is exempt from Section 404(b) of Sarbanes Oxley. Section 404(a) requires Issuers to publish information in their annual reports concerning the scope and adequacy of the internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting. This statement shall also assess the effectiveness of such internal controls and procedures. Section 404(b) requires that the registered accounting firm shall, in the same report, attest to and report on the assessment on the effectiveness of the internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting. As an emerging growth company the company is exempt from Section 14A(a) and (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which require the shareholder approval of executive compensation and golden parachutes. The Company has irrevocably opted out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards pursuant to Section 107(b) of the Act. The Offering The following is a brief summary of this offering. Please see the “Plan of Distribution” section for a more detailed description of the terms of the offering. Securities Being Offered: Spirit is offering, on a best-efforts, self-underwritten basis, a minimum of 200,000 and a maximum of 4,000,000 shares of its common stock. Offering Price per Share: $0.10 Offering Period: The shares are being offered for a period not to exceed 180 days. There is no minimum investment required to be purchased from any individual investor. If the Minimum Offering is not achieved within 180 days of the date of this prospectus, all subscription funds from the escrow account will be returned to investors promptly without interest (since the funds are being held in a non-interest bearing account) or deduction of fees. The offering may terminate on the earlier of: (i) the date when the sale of all 4,000,000 shares is completed, (ii) anytime after the minimum offering of 200,000 shares of common stock is achieved, or (iii) 180 days from the effective date of this document. 5 Escrow Account: The subscription proceeds from the sale of the shares in this offering will be payable to “Law Offices of Harold P. Gewerter, Esq., Ltd., Client Trust Account f/b/o Spirit International, Inc.” and will be deposited in a separate (limited to funds received on behalf of Spirit) non-interest bearing law office trust bank account until the Minimum Offering proceeds are raised. No interest will be available for payment to either to the Company or the investors (since the funds are being held in a non-interest bearing account). All subscription funds will be held in trust pending the achievement of the Minimum Offering and no funds shall be released to Spirit until such a time as the minimum proceeds are raised (see the section titled "Plan of Distribution" herein). Any additional proceeds received after the minimum offering is achieved will be immediately released to the Company by the Escrow Agent, Law Offices of Harold P. Gewerter, Esq., Ltd. Release of the funds to the Company is based upon our escrow agent, Law Offices of Harold P. Gewerter, Esq. Ltd., reviewing the records of the depository institution holding the escrow to verify that that the checks have cleared prior to releasing the funds to the Company. Written notice will be mailed to each investor that the minimum offering amount has been received and the offering proceeds have been distributed to the Company. All subscription agreements and checks should be delivered to Law Offices of Harold P. Gewerter, Esq., Ltd. Failure to do so will result in checks being returned to the investor who submitted the check. Spirit escrow agent, Law Offices of Harold P. Gewerter, Esq., Ltd., acts as legal counsel for Spirit and is therefore not an independent third party. Net Proceed to Company: Minimum Amount: $20,000 50% of Maximum Amount: $200,000 Maximum Amount: $400,000 Use of Proceeds: We intend to use the proceeds to expand our business operations. Number of Shares Outstanding Before the Offering: 5,000,000 common shares Number of Shares Outstanding After the Offering: 9,000,000 common shares The offering price of the common stock bears no relationship to any objective criterion of value and has been arbitrarily determined. The price does not bear any relationship to Spirit assets, book value, historical earnings, or net worth. Spirit will apply the proceeds from the offering to pay for accounting fees, legal and professional fees, marketing, office supplies, and other administrative related costs. The Company has not presently secured an independent stock transfer agent. Spirit has identified several agents to retain that will facilitate the processing of the certificates upon closing of the offering. The Company will deliver stock certificates attributable to shares of common stock purchased directly to the purchasers within ninety (90) days of the close of the offering, or as soon thereafter as practicable. The purchase of the common stock in this offering involves a high degree of risk. The common stock offered in this prospectus is for investment purposes only and currently no market for Spirit common stock exists. Please refer to the sections herein titled “Risk Factors” and “Dilution” before making an investment in this stock. SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION The following table sets forth summary financial data derived from Spirit’ Audited Statements of Operations for the period from inception (March 10, 2014) to March 31, 2014. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements and should be read in conjunction with the financial statements, related notes and other financial information included in this prospectus. As shown in the financial statements accompanying this prospectus, Spirit has had no revenues to date and has incurred only losses since its inception. The Company has had no operations and has been issued a “going concern” opinion from our accountants, based upon the Company’s reliance upon the sale of our common stock as the sole source of funds for our future operations. 6 March 31, 2014 $ ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT Current liabilities: Short-term borrowings from related party 599 Total liabilities 599 Stockholders’ Deficit Common stock, $0.0001 par value; 75,000,000 shares authorized; 5,000,000 shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2014 500 Accumulated deficit during development stage (599 ) Stock subscription receivable (500 ) Total Stockholders’ Deficit (599 ) TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT - Period from March 10, 2014 (Inception) to March 31, 2014 $ Sales : - Operating expenses Professional fees:- - Setup costs 500 Total operating expenses (500 ) Net loss (500 ) 7 RISK FACTORS An investment in these securities involves an exceptionally high degree of risk and is extremely speculative in nature. Following are what we believe are all of the material risks involved if you decide to purchase shares in this offering. RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR COMPANY: ZUR DADON, THE SOLE OFFICER AND DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY, CURRENTLY DEVOTES APPROXIMATELY 15 HOURS PER WEEK TO COMPANY MATTERS. ONCE THE PUBLIC OFFERING IS CLOSED, MR. DADON PLANS TO SPEND THE TIME NECESSARY FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE THE MARKETING CAMPAIGN, AND DIRECT THE PRIMARY OPERATIONS OF THE BUSINESS. HE DOES NOT HAVE ANY PUBLIC COMPANY EXPERIENCE AND IS INVOLVED IN OTHER BUSINESS ACTIVITIES. THE COMPANY'S NEEDS COULD EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF TIME OR LEVEL OF EXPERIENCE HE MAY HAVE. THIS COULD RESULT IN HIS INABILITY TO PROPERLY MANAGE COMPANY AFFAIRS, RESULTING IN OUR REMAINING A START-UP COMPANY WITH NO REVENUES OR PROFITS. Our business plan does not provide for the hiring of any additional employees on a full-time basis until revenue will support the expense. Until that time, the responsibility of developing the company's business, offering and selling of the shares through this prospectus, and fulfilling the reporting requirements of a public company all fall upon Zur Dadon. While Mr. Dadon has business experience including management, he does not have experience in a public company setting, including serving as a principal accounting officer or principal financial officer. We have not formulated a plan to resolve any possible conflict of interest with his other business activities. In the event he is unable to fulfill any aspect of his duties to the company we may experience a shortfall or complete lack of revenue resulting in little or no profits and eventual closure of the business. ZUR DADON’S LACK OF EXPERIENCE IN MANAGEMENT OF REPORTING COMPANIES Mr. Dadon does not have experience in running a public company that is a reporting company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This lack of experience may cause delayed filings; this increases the risk of being delisted by FINRA because of late filings, and this may result in being subjected to civil penalties and having the market price of the Company’s common stock decrease in value due to these and other factors related to lack of experience with reporting companies. IN THE FUTURE OUR COMPANY WILL BE REQUIRED TO PROVIDE MANAGEMENT’S REPORT ON THE EFFECTIVENESS OF OUR INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING AND WE WILL BE SUBJECT TO AUDITOR ATTESTATION REQUIREMENTS. The Company will not be required to provide management’s report on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting until our second annual report. In addition, the Company will be exempt from the auditor attestation requirements concerning any such report so long as we are a smaller reporting company. This may cause the Company to incur additional costs related to auditing and also the examination, investigation and report on internal controls. THE COMPANY'S SOLE OFFICER AND DIRECTOR MAY NOT BE IN A POSITION TO DEVOTE A MAJORITY OF HIS TIME TO THE COMPANY, WHICH MAY RESULT IN PERIODIC INTERRUPTIONS AND EVEN BUSINESS FAILURE. Mr. Dadon, our sole officer and director, has other business interests and currently devotes approximately 15 hours per week to our operations. If Mr. Dadon is not able to devote sufficient time to run the Company, it may result in periodic interruptions in developing and furthering our business. At the present we have not formulated a plan to resolve any possible conflicts of interest or if he is unable to fulfill any aspects of his duties to the Company which could have a significant negative effect on the success. The Company does have an Internal Control Manual and Mr. Dadon has signed a Code of Conduct which details fiduciary responsibility and professional conduct. Upon initiating our funding efforts, we plan to add additional board members whose responsibilities will include the formation of an independent board for providing oversight into transactions and business of the Company. 8 OUR OPERATING RESULTS MAY PROVE UNPREDICTABLE WHICH MAY IMPACT THE COMPANY AND THE VALUE OF THE INVESTMENT Our operating results are likely to fluctuate significantly in the future due to a variety of factors, many of which we have no control over. Factors that may cause our operating results to fluctuate significantly include: our inability to generate enough working capital from future revenues, our ability to hire key personnel, level of acceptance of our products in the marketplace, general economic conditions, and Mr. Dadon’s time allocation to further the business. SINCE WE ARE A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY, THE COMPANY HAS GENERATED NO REVENUES AND DOES NOT HAVE AN OPERATING HISTORY; AN INVESTMENT IN THE SHARES OFFERED HEREIN IS HIGHLY RISKY AND COULD RESULT IN A COMPLETE LOSS OF YOUR INVESTMENT IF WE ARE UNSUCCESSFUL IN OUR BUSINESS PLANS. The Company was incorporated on March 10, 2014; we have not yet commenced our full scale business operations and we have not yet realized any revenues. We have minimal operating history upon which an evaluation of our future prospects can be made. Based upon current plans, we expect to incur operating losses in future periods as we incurred significant expenses associated with the initial startup of our business. Further, we cannot guarantee that we will be successful in realizing revenues or in achieving or sustaining positive cash flow at any time in the future. Any such failure could result in the possible closure of our business or force us to seek additional capital through loans or additional sales of our equity securities to continue business operations, which would dilute the value of any shares you purchase in this offering. RISKS RELATED TO OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION AND CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS AUDITOR’S GOING CONCERN As shown in the financial statements accompanying this prospectus, Spirit has had no revenues to date and has incurred only losses since its inception. The Company has had no operations and has been issued a “going concern” opinion from our accountants, based upon the Company’s reliance upon the sale of our common stock as the sole source of funds for our future operations. OUR STOCK MAY BE CONSIDERED A “PENNY STOCK” AND THEREFORE WOULD BE SUBJECT TO SEC RULES GOVERNING LIMITS RELATING TO LIQUIDITY WHICH MAY AFFECT THE TRADING PRICE. The Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than $5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the Nasdaq system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system). A purchaser is purchasing penny stock which limits the ability to sell the stock. The shares offered by this prospectus constitute penny stock under the Securities and Exchange Act. The shares will remain penny stocks for the foreseeable future. The classification of penny stock makes it more difficult for a broker-dealer to sell the stock into a secondary market, which makes it more difficult for a purchaser to liquidate his/his investment. Any broker-dealer engaged by the purchaser for the purpose of selling his or his shares in us will be subject to Rules 15g-1 through 15g-10 of the Securities and Exchange Act. Rather than creating a need to comply with those rules, some broker-dealers will refuse to attempt to sell penny stock. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document, which: a) contains a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stock in both Public offerings and secondary trading; b) contains a description of the broker’s or dealer’s duties to the customer and of the right; c) and remedies available to the customer with respect to a violation of such duties or other requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended; d) contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including “bid” and “ask” price for the penny stock and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; e) contains a toll-free number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; f) defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading penny stocks; g) and contains such other information and is in such form (including language, type, size and format) as the Securities and Exchange Commission shall require by rule or regulation. 9 The broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, to the customer: a) the bid and offer quotations for the penny stock; b) the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; c) the number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; d) and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer’s account. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules; the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser’s written acknowledgement of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements will have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our stock because it will be subject to these penny stock rules. Therefore, stockholders may have difficulty selling their securities. OUR LEGAL COUNSEL ALSO SERVES AS THE COMPANIES ESCROW AGENT AND THEREFORE IS NOT AN INDEPENDENT THIRD PARTY. Spirit escrow agent, Law Offices of Harold P. Gewerter, Esq., Ltd., acts as legal counsel for Spirit and is therefore not an independent third party. If the Minimum Offering is not achieved within 180 days of the date of this prospectus, all subscription funds from the escrow account will be returned to investors promptly within 5 days without interest (since the funds are being held in a non-interest bearing account) or deduction of fees. The fact that our attorney is not an independent third party will not have any impact on the Company’s ability to return funds if the minimum is not achieved within 180 days of the date of this prospectus. THE ESCROW AGENT HERETO IS ALSO LEGAL COUNSEL FOR THE COMPANY RAISING A POTENTIAL CONFLICT OF INTEREST. Harold P. Gewerter, Esq. Ltd. is acting as legal counsel for the issuer and is also acting as escrow agent for the offering and therefore is not an independent third party. Therefore there may be increased risk of loss of any funds placed into escrow. In addition, Mr. Gewerter’s position as escrow agent and legal counsel to the Issuer may create a conflict as it relates to requests by the Issuer to release funds from escrow and Mr. Gewerter’s duties to the investors under the escrow. WE DO NOT YET HAVE ANY SUBSTANTIAL ASSETS AND ARE TOTALLY DEPENDENT UPON THE PROCEEDS OF THIS OFFERING TO FULLY FUND OUR BUSINESS. IF WE DO NOT SELL THE SHARES IN THIS OFFERING WE WILL HAVE TO SEEK ALTERNATIVE FINANCING TO COMPLETE OUR BUSINESS PLANS OR ABANDON THEM. Spirit has limited capital resources. To date, the Company has funded its operations from limited funding and has not generated sufficient cash from operations to be profitable. Unless Spirit begins to generate sufficient revenues to finance operations as a going concern, Spirit may experience liquidity and solvency problems. Such liquidity and solvency problems may force Spirit to cease operations if additional financing is not available. No known alternative resources of funds are available to Spirit in the event it does not have adequate proceeds from this offering. However, Spirit believes that the net proceeds of the Offering will be sufficient to satisfy the launch and operating requirements for the next twelve months. 10 WE CANNOT PREDICT WHEN OR IF WE WILL PRODUCE REVENUES, WHICH COULD RESULT IN A TOTAL LOSS OF YOUR INVESTMENT IF WE ARE UNSUCCESSFUL IN OUR BUSINESS PLANS. We have not generated any revenue to date from operations. In order for us to continue with our plans and operating our business, we must raise our initial capital through this offering. The timing of the completion of the milestones needed to commence operations and generate revenues is contingent on the success of this offering. There can be no assurance that we will generate revenues or that revenues will be sufficient to maintain our business. As a result, you could lose all of your investment if you decide to purchase shares in this offering and we are not successful in our proposed business plans. OUR CONTINUED OPERATIONS DEPEND ON THE MARKETS ACCEPTANCE OF OUR PRODUCTS. IF THE MARKET DOES NOT FIND OUR PRODUCTS DESIRABLE AND SUITABLE FOR THEIR USE AND WE CANNOT ESTABLISH A CUSTOMER BASE, WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO GENERATE ANY REVENUES, WHICH COULD RESULT IN A FAILURE OF OUR BUSINESS AND A LOSS OF ANY INVESTMENT YOU MAKE IN OUR SHARES. The ability to offer a product that the market accepts and is willing to pay for is critically important to our success. We cannot be certain that the products we offer will be accepted by the market. As a result, there may not be any demand and our revenue stream could be limited and we may never realize any revenues. In addition, there are no assurances that the Company will generate revenues in the future even if we alter our marketing efforts and pursue alternative revenue generating products in the future. THE LOSS OF THE SERVICES OF ZUR DADON COULD SEVERELY IMPACT OUR BUSINESS OPERATIONS AND FUTURE DEVELOPMENT OF OUR BUSINESS MODEL, WHICH COULD RESULT IN A LOSS OF REVENUES AND YOUR INABILITY TO EVER SELL ANY SHARES YOU PURCHASE IN THIS OFFERING. Our performance is substantially dependent upon the professional expertise of our President, Zur Dadon. If he were unable to perform his services, this loss of the services could have an adverse effect on our business operations, financial condition and operating results if we are unable to replace him with another individual qualified to develop our products and market our products. The loss of his services could result in a loss of revenues, which could result in a reduction of the value of any shares you purchase in this offering. THE SPIRITS INDUSTRY IS HIGHLY COMPETITIVE. IF WE CAN NOT MARKET DESIRABLE PRODUCTS THAT THE MARKET AND COMPANIES OR INDUSTRIES ARE WILLING TO PURCHASE, WE WILL NOT BE ABLE TO COMPETE SUCCESSFULLY, OUR BUSINESS MAY BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED AND WE MAY NEVER BE ABLE TO GENERATE ANY REVENUES. Spirit has many potential competitors marketing to the spirit industry. We consider the competition is competent, experienced, and they have greater financial and marketing resources than we do at the present. Our ability to compete effectively may be adversely affected by the ability of these competitors to devote greater resources to the marketing of their products than are available to us. Some of our competitors in the industry also offer a wider range of products; have greater name recognition and more extensive customer bases than our Company. These competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new or changing opportunities and technology, undertake more extensive marketing activities, and adopt more aggressive pricing policies than our Company. Moreover, current and potential competitors have established or may establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties to enhance their visibility. The Company expects that new competitors or alliances among competitors have the potential to emerge and may acquire significant market share. Competition existing, and future competitors could result in an inability to secure adequate customers and pay-per-employee numbers sufficient to support Spirit’s endeavors. Spirit cannot be assured that it will be able to compete successfully against present or future competitors or that the competitive pressure it may face will not force it to cease operations. As a result, you may never be able to liquidate or sell any shares you purchase in this offering. 11 SPIRIT MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ATTAIN PROFITABILITY WITHOUT ADDITIONAL FUNDING, WHICH MAY BE UNAVAILABLE. Spirit has limited capital resources. Unless Spirit begins to generate sufficient revenues to finance operations as a going concern, Spirit may experience liquidity and solvency problems. Such liquidity and solvency problems may force Spirit to cease operations if additional financing is not available. No known alternative resources of funds are available to Spirit in the event it does not have adequate proceeds from this offering. However, Spirit believes that the net proceeds of the Offering will be sufficient to satisfy the start-up and operating requirements for the next twelve months. RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THIS OFFERING WE ARE SELLING THIS OFFERING WITHOUT AN UNDERWRITER AND MAY BE UNABLE TO SELL ANY SHARES. UNLESS WE ARE SUCCESSFUL IN SELLING THE MINIMUM SHARES AND RECEIVING THE PROCEEDS FROM THIS OFFERING, WE MAY HAVE TO SEEK ALTERNATIVE FINANCING TO IMPLEMENT OUR BUSINESS PLANS AND YOU WOULD RECEIVE A RETURN OF YOUR ENTIRE INVESTMENT. NO PROCEEDS FROM THIS OFFERING ARE REQUIRED TO BE RETURNED IF THE MINIMUM AMOUNT OF SHARES ARE SOLD. This offering is self-underwritten, that is, we are not going to engage the services of an underwriter to sell the shares; we intend to sell them through our officer and director, who will receive no commissions. He will offer the shares to friends, relatives, acquaintances and business associates; however, there is no guarantee that he will be able to sell any of the shares. In the event we do not sell at least the minimum of the shares before the expiration date of the offering, all funds raised will be promptly returned to the investors, without interest or deduction. If we raise only the minimum offering, the Company will be able to complete its business plan as described (please see section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation” in this offering for a detailed discussion of the Milestones we plan to complete based on the three levels of offering proceeds we may receive from this offering). Any raise above the minimum (up to the maximum offering) will allow the more rapid expansion and completion of the business plan. DUE TO THE LACK OF A TRADING MARKET FOR OUR SECURITIES, YOU MAY HAVE DIFFICULTY SELLING ANY SHARES YOU PURCHASE IN THIS OFFERING. There is presently no demand for our common stock and no public market exists for the shares being offered in this prospectus. We plan to contact a market maker immediately following the effectiveness of this Registration Statement and apply to have the shares quoted on the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board (OTCBB). The OTCBB is a regulated quotation service that displays real-time quotes, last sale prices and volume information in over-the-counter (OTC) securities. The OTCBB is not an issuer listing service, market or exchange. Although the OTCBB does not have any listing requirements per se, to be eligible for quotation on the OTCBB, issuers must remain current in their filings with the SEC or applicable regulatory authority. Market Makers are not permitted to begin quotation of a security whose issuer does not meet this filing requirement. Securities already quoted on the OTCBB that become delinquent in their required filings will be removed following a 30 or 60 day grace period if they do not make their required filing during that time. We cannot guarantee that our application will be accepted or approved and our stock listed and quoted for sale. As of the date of this filing, there have been no discussions or understandings between Spirit or anyone acting on our behalf with any market maker regarding participation in a future trading market for our securities. If no market is ever developed for our common stock, it will be difficult for you to sell any shares you purchase in this offering. In such a case, you may find that you are unable to achieve any benefit from your investment or liquidate your shares without considerable delay, if at all. In addition, if we fail to have our common stock quoted on a public trading market, your common stock will not have a quantifiable value and it may be difficult, if not impossible, to ever resell your shares, resulting in an inability to realize any value from your investment. 12 INVESTORS IN THIS OFFERING WILL BEAR A SUBSTANTIAL RISK OF LOSS DUE TO IMMEDIATE AND SUBSTANTIAL DILUTION The principal shareholder of Spirit is Zur Dadon who also serves as its Director, President, Secretary, and Treasurer. Mr. Dadon holds 5,000,000 restricted shares of Spirit common stock. Upon the sale of the common stock offered hereby, the investors in this offering will experience an immediate and substantial “dilution.” Therefore, the investors in this offering will bear a substantial portion of the risk of loss. Additional sales of Spirit common stock in the future could result in further dilution. Please refer to the section titled “Dilution” herein. PURCHASERS IN THIS OFFERING WILL HAVE LIMITED CONTROL OVER DECISION MAKING BECAUSE ZUR DADON, SPIRIT’ OFFICER, DIRECTOR AND SHAREHOLDER CONTROLS ALL OF SPIRIT ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING COMMON STOCK. Presently, Zur Dadon, Spirit’s President, Secretary, and Treasurer and Director beneficially owns 100% of the outstanding common stock. Because of such ownership, investors in this offering will have limited control over matters requiring approval by Spirit security holders, including the election of directors. Mr. Dadon would retain 55.55% ownership in Spirit common stock assuming the maximum offering is attained. Such concentrated control may also make it difficult for Spirit stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of Spirit common stock in the event Spirit enters into transactions, which require stockholder approval. In addition, certain provisions of Nevada law could have the effect of making it more difficult or more expensive for a third party to acquire, or of discouraging a third party from attempting to acquire, control of Spirit. For example, Nevada law provides that not less than two-thirds vote of the stockholders is required to remove a director for cause, which could make it more difficult for a third party to gain control of the Board of Directors. This concentration of ownership limits the power to exercise control by the minority shareholders. WE WILL INCUR ONGOING COSTS AND EXPENSES FOR SEC REPORTING AND COMPLIANCE. WITHOUT REVENUE WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO REMAIN IN COMPLIANCE, MAKING IT DIFFICULT FOR INVESTORS TO SELL THEIR SHARES, IF AT ALL. Our business plan allows for the estimated $9,300 cost of this Registration Statement to be paid from proceeds raised. We plan to contact a market maker immediately following the effectiveness of this Registration Statement and apply to have the shares quoted on the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board. To be eligible for quotation on the OTCBB, issuers must remain current in their filings with the SEC. Market Makers are not permitted to begin quotation of a security whose issuer does not meet this filing requirement. Securities already quoted on the OTCBB that become delinquent in their required filings will be removed following a 30 or 60 day grace period if they do not make their required filing during that time. In order for us to remain in compliance we will require future revenues to cover the cost of these filings, which could comprise a substantial portion of our available cash resources. If we are unable to generate sufficient revenues to remain in compliance it may be difficult for you to resell any shares you may purchase, if at all. SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. This prospectus contains forward-looking statements about Spirit business, financial condition, and prospects that reflect Spirit management’s assumptions and beliefs based on information currently available. Spirit can give no assurance that the expectations indicated by such forward-looking statements will be realized. If any of Spirit assumptions should prove incorrect, or if any of the risks and uncertainties underlying such expectations should materialize, the actual results may differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements. The key factors that are not within Spirit control and that may have a direct bearing on operating results include, but are not limited to, acceptance of our mobile based human resource software, sufficient user numbers, the willingness of companies to pay fees sufficient to sustain operations, management’s ability to raise capital in the future, the retention of key employees and changes in the regulation of the industry in which Spirit functions. There may be other risks and circumstances that management may be unable to predict to sustain operations. When used in this prospectus, words such as, “believes,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “estimates” and similar expressions are intended to identify and qualify forward-looking statements, although there may be certain forward-looking statements not accompanied by such expressions. 13 USE OF PROCEEDS USE OF PROCEEDS The following Use of Proceeds is based on estimates made by management. The Company planned the Use of Proceeds after deducting estimated offering expenses estimated to be $9,300. Management prepared the milestones based on three levels of offering raise success: Minimum Offering proceeds raised of $20,000, 50% of the Maximum Offering proceeds raised ($200,000), and the Maximum Offering proceeds raised of $400,000 through the offering. The costs associated with operating as a public company are included in all our budgeted scenarios and management is responsible for the preparation of the required documents to keep the costs to a minimum. Minimum Offering proceeds raised of $20,000 is budgeted to sustain operations for a twelve-month period. The minimum amount is sufficient to keep the Company current with its public listing status costs with prudently budgeted funds remaining which will be sufficient to complete the development of our marketing package. If the Company were to raise 50% of the Maximum Offering which is $200,000 then we would be able to expand our marketing and sales package. Raising the Maximum Offering of $400,000 will enable the Company to implement our full business. If we begin to generate profits, we plan to increase our marketing and sales activity accordingly. We anticipate starting generating profits approximately nine months following closing of the offering. Spirit intends to use the proceeds from this offering as follows: Minimum 50% of Maximum Maximum Application of Proceeds $ % of total $ % of total $ % of total Total Offering Proceeds 20,000 100.00 200,000 100.00 400,000 100.00 Offering Expenses Legal & Professional Fees 5,000 25.00 5,000 2.50 5,000 1.25 Accounting Fees 3,500 17.50 3,500 1.75 3,500 0.87 Edgar Fees 800 4.00 800 0.40 800 0.20 Total Offering Expenses 9,300 46.50 9,300 4.65 9,300 2.33 Net Proceeds from Offering 10,700 53.50 190,700 95.35 390,700 97.67 Use of Net Proceeds Accounting Fees 4,000 20.00 8,300 4.15 8,300 2.08 Legal and Professional Fees 2,500 12.5 7,700 3.85 7,700 1.92 Marketing and Sales 4,200 21.0 145,500 72.75 317,500 79.4 Office Supplies 0 0.00 3,000 1.50 6,000 0.75 Working Capital 0 0 25,000 12.50 50,000 6.25 Total Use of Net Proceeds 10,700 53.50 190,200 95.35 390,700 97.67 Notes: The foregoing represents our best estimate of the allocation of the proceeds of this offering based on planned use of funds for the our operations and current objectives. We currently consider the foregoing project our priority and intend to use the proceeds from this offering for such projects. 14 DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE The offering price of the common stock has been arbitrarily determined and bears no relationship to any objective criterion of value. The price does not bear any relationship to Spirit assets, book value, historical earnings, or net worth. In determining the offering price, management considered such factors as the prospects, if any, for similar companies, anticipated results of operations, present financial resources and the likelihood of acceptance of this offering. DILUTION OF THE PRICE YOU PAY FOR YOUR SHARES Dilution figures based on Audited Financial Statements dated March 31, 2014. “Dilution” represents the difference between the offering price of the shares of common stock and the net book value per share of common stock immediately after completion of the offering. “Net Book Value” is the amount that results from subtracting total liabilities from total assets. In this offering, the level of dilution is increased as a result of the relatively low book value of Spirit issued and outstanding stock. This is due in part because of the common stock issued to the Spirit officer, director, and employee totaling 5,000,000 shares at par value $0.0001 per share versus the current offering price of $0.10 per share. Spirit net book value on March 31, 2014 was ($599) or $(0.0001) per share. If the Minimum Offering is sold, there will be 5,200,000 Shares of Common Stock outstanding. Spirit net book value will be approximately ($0.002) per share. Therefore, any investor will incur an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately $0.098 per share while the Spirit present stockholder will receive an increase of $0.002 per share in the net tangible book value of the shares that he holds. This will result in a 98% dilution for purchasers of stock in this offering. If the 50% of the Maximum Offering is sold, there will be 7,000,000 Shares of Common Stock outstanding. Spirit net book value will be approximately $0.027 per share. Therefore, any investor will incur an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately $0.073 per share while the Spirit present stockholder will receive an increase of $0.028 per share in the net tangible book value of the shares that he holds. This will result in an 73% dilution for purchasers of stock in this offering. If the Maximum Offering is sold, there will be 9,000,000 Shares of Common Stock outstanding. Spirit net book value will be approximately $0.043 per share. Therefore, any investor will incur an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately $0.057 per share while the Spirit present stockholder will receive an increase of $0.044 per share in the net tangible book value of the shares that he holds. This will result in a 57% dilution for purchasers of stock in this offering. This table represents a comparison of the price paid by purchasers of the common stock in this offering and the individual who purchased shares in Spirit previously: Maximum Maximum Minimum Offering Offering Offering 50% 100% Book Value Per Share Before the Offering $ (0.0001 ) (0.0001 ) (0.0001 ) Book Value Per Share After the Offering (1) $ 0.002 0.027 0.043 Net Increase to Original Shareholders $ 0.002 0.028 0.044 Decrease in Investment to New Shareholders $ 0.098 0.073 0.057 Dilution to New Shareholders (%) 98 % 73 % 57 % Note: (1) Calculations based on after deducting Offering Expenses estimated in aggregate, at $9,300. 15 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION Offering will be Sold by Our Officer and Director This is a self-underwritten offering. This Prospectus is part of a Prospectus that permits our officer and director to sell the Shares directly to the public, with no commission or other remuneration payable to his for any Shares he sells. There are no plans or arrangements to enter into any contracts or agreements to sell the Shares with a broker or dealer. After the effective date of this prospectus, Mr. Dadon, the sole officer and director, intends to advertise through personal contacts, telephone, and hold investment meetings. We do not intend to use any mass-advertising methods such as the Internet or print media. Mr. Dadon will also distribute the prospectus to potential investors at meetings, to his business associates and to his friends and relatives who are interested in Spirit as a possible investment. In offering the securities on our behalf, Mr. Dadon will rely on the safe harbor from broker dealer registration set out in Rule 3a4-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Mr. Dadon will not register as a broker-dealer pursuant to Section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, in reliance upon Rule 3a4-1, which sets forth the conditions under which a person associated with an Issuer, may participate in the offering of the Issuer's securities and not be deemed to be a broker-dealer. a. Mr. Dadon is an officer and director and is not subject to a statutory disqualification, as that term is defined in Section 3(a)(39)of the Act, at the time of his participation; and b. Mr. Dadon is an officer and director and will not be compensated in connection with his participation by the payment of commissions or other remuneration based either directly or indirectly on transactions in securities; and c. Mr. Dadon is an officer and director and is not, nor will he be at the time of his participation in the offering, an associated person of a broker-dealer; and d. Mr. Dadon is an officer and director and meets the conditions of paragraph (a)(4)(ii) of Rule 3a4-1 of the Exchange Act, in that he (A) primarily performs, or is intended primarily to perform at the end of the offering, substantial duties for or on behalf of our company, other than in connection with transactions in securities; and (B) is not a broker or dealer, or been associated person of a broker or dealer, within the preceding twelve months; and (C) has not participated in selling and offering securities for any Issuer more than once every twelve months other than in reliance on Paragraphs (a)(4)(i) (a) (4) (iii). Our officer, director, control person and affiliates of same do not intend to purchase any shares in this offering. 16 Terms of the Offering Spirit is offering on a best efforts, self-underwritten basis a minimum of 200,000 and a maximum of 4,000,000 shares of its common stock. Spirit is offering, on a best efforts, self-underwritten basis, a minimum of 200,000 and a maximum of 4,000,000 shares of its common stock at a fixed price of $0.10 per share. The price of $0.10 per share is fixed for the duration of the offering. There is no minimum investment required from any individual investor. This is the initial offering of Common Stock of Spirit and no public market exists for the securities being offered. The shares are intended to be sold directly through the efforts of Zur Dadon, our sole officer and director. No commission or other compensation related to the sale of the shares will be paid to our officer and director. Mr. Dadon, intends to advertise through personal contacts, telephone, and hold investment meetings. We do not intend to use any mass-advertising methods such as the Internet or print media. Mr. Dadon will also distribute the prospectus to potential investors at meetings, to his business associates and to his friends and relatives who are interested in Spirit as a possible investment. The shares are being offered for a period not to exceed 180 days. If the Minimum Offering is not achieved within 180 days of the date of this prospectus, all subscription funds from the escrow account will be returned to investors promptly within 5 days without interest (since the funds are being held in a non-interest bearing account) or deduction of fees. The offering may terminate on the earlier of: (i) the date when the sale of all 4,000,000 shares is completed, (ii) anytime after the minimum offering of 200,000 shares of common stock is achieved, or (iii) 180 days from the effective date of this document. For more information, see the section titled “Plan of Distribution” and “Use of Proceeds” herein. The subscription proceeds from the sale of the shares in this offering will be payable to “Law Offices of Harold P. Gewerter, Esq., Ltd., Client Trust Account f/b/o Spirit International, Inc.” and will be deposited in a separate (limited to funds received on behalf of Spirit) non-interest bearing law office trust bank account until the Minimum Offering proceeds are raised. No interest will be available for payment to either the Company or the investors (since the funds are being held in a non-interest bearing account). All subscription funds will be held in trust pending the achievement of the Minimum Offering and no funds shall be released to Spirit until such a time as the minimum proceeds are raised (see the section titled "Plan of Distribution" herein). Any additional proceeds received after the minimum offering is achieved will be immediately released to the Company by the Escrow Agent, Law Offices of Harold P. Gewerter, Esq., Ltd. Release of the funds to the Company is based upon our escrow agent, Law Offices of Harold P. Gewerter, Esq. Ltd., reviewing the records of the depository institution holding the escrow to verify that that the checks have cleared prior to releasing the funds to the Company. Written notice will be mailed to each investor that the minimum offering amount has been received and the offering proceeds have been distributed to the Company. All subscription agreements and checks should be delivered to Law Offices of Harold P. Gewerter, Esq., Ltd. Failure to do so will result in checks being returned to the investor who submitted the check. Spirit escrow agent, Law Offices of Harold P. Gewerter, Esq., Ltd., acts as legal counsel for Spirit and is therefore not an independent third party. The officer and director of the issuer and any affiliated parties thereof will not participate in this offering. There can be no assurance that all, or any, of the shares will be sold. As of the date of this Prospectus, Spirit has not entered into any agreements or arrangements for the sale of the shares with any broker/dealer or sales agent. However, if Spirit were to enter into such arrangements, Spirit will file a post-effective amendment to disclose those arrangements because any broker/dealer participating in the offering would be acting as an underwriter and would have to be so named in the prospectus. In order to comply with the applicable securities laws of certain states, the securities may not be offered or sold unless they have been registered or qualified for sale in such states or an exemption from such registration or qualification requirement is available and with which Spirit has complied. The purchasers in this offering and in any subsequent trading market must be residents of such states where the shares have been registered or qualified for sale or an exemption from such registration or qualification requirement is available. As of the date of this Prospectus, Spirit has identified Nevada and California as the states where the offering will be sold. 17 Deposit of Offering Proceeds The subscription proceeds from the sale of the shares in this offering will be payable to “Law Offices of Harold P. Gewerter, Esq., Ltd., Client Trust Account f/b/o Spirit International, Inc.” (“Trust Account”) and will be deposited in a separate (limited to funds received on behalf of Spirit) non-interest bearing law firm trust bank account. The Escrow Agent shall cause Wells Fargo Bank to process all Escrow Amounts for collection through the banking system. All subscription agreements and checks should be delivered to“Law Offices of Harold P. Gewerter, Esq., Ltd., 5536, S. Ft. Apache, Suite 102, Las Vegas, Nevada 89148. Failure to do so will result in checks being returned to the investor, who submitted the check. All subscription funds will be held in the Trust Account pending the achievement of the Minimum Offering and no funds shall be released to Spirit until such a time as the minimum proceeds are raised (see the section titled "Plan of Distribution" herein). Any additional proceeds received after the minimum offering is achieved will be immediately released to the Company by the Escrow Agent, Law Offices of Harold P. Gewerter, Esq., Ltd. If the Minimum Offering is not achieved within 180 days of the date of this prospectus, all subscription funds from the escrow account will be returned to investors promptly without interest (since the funds are being held in a non-interest bearing account) or deduction of fees. All subscription agreements and checks should be delivered to Law Offices of Harold P. Gewerter, Esq., Ltd. Failure to do so will result in checks being returned to the investor who submitted the check. Spirit escrow agent, Law Offices of Harold P. Gewerter, Esq., Ltd., acts as legal counsel for Spirit and is therefore not an independent third party. The offering may terminate on the earlier of: (i) the date when the sale of all 4,000,000 shares is completed, (ii) anytime after the minimum offering of 200,000 shares of common stock is achieved, or (iii) 180 days from the effective date of this document. The fee of the Escrow Agent is $1,500.00. (See Exhibit 99.2). Procedures and Requirements for Subscription Prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, the Issuer has not provided potential purchasers of the securities being registered herein with a copy of this prospectus. Investors can purchase common stock in this offering by completing a Subscription Agreement (attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2) and sending it together with payment in full to “Law Offices of Harold P. Gewerter, Esq., Ltd., Client Trust Account f/b/o Spirit International, Inc.” 5536 S. Ft. Apache, Suite 102, Las Vegas, Nevada 89148. All payments are required in the form of United States currency either by personal check, bank draft, bank wire, or by cashier’s check. There is no minimum investment by any individual investor of shares required to be purchased. Spirit reserves the right to either accept or reject any subscription. Conditions for the acceptance of a subscription agreement include an acceptable method of payment, completion of a subscription agreement, and funds must come through the efforts of our President Zur Dadon as acceptance of funds in any other event would fall outside the procedures set forth in this registration. Any subscription rejected within this 30-day period will be returned to the subscriber within five business days of the rejection date. Furthermore, once a subscription agreement is accepted, it will be executed without reconfirmation to or from the subscriber. Once Spirit accepts a subscription, the subscriber cannot withdraw it. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES Spirit authorized capital stock consists of 75,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value $.0001 per share. 18 COMMON STOCK Spirit authorized capital stock consists of 75,000,000 shares of common stock, with a par value of $0.0001 per share. The holders of our common stock: 1. Have equal ratable rights to dividends from funds legally available therefore, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors; 2. Are entitled to share ratably in all of assets available for distribution to holders of common stock upon liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of corporate affairs; 3. Do not have preemptive, subscription or conversion rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights; and 4. Are entitled to one vote per share on all matters on which stockholders may vote. NON-CUMULATIVE VOTING Holders of Spirit common stock do not have cumulative voting rights. Cumulative voting rights are described as holders of more than 50% of the outstanding shares, voting for the election of directors, can elect all of the directors to be elected, if they so choose, and, in such event, the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any of Spirit directors. PREEMPTIVE RIGHTS No holder of any shares of Spirit stock has preemptive or preferential rights to acquire or subscribe for any shares not issued of any class of stock or any unauthorized securities convertible into or carrying any right, option, or warrant to subscribe for or acquire shares of any class of stock not disclosed herein. CASH DIVIDENDS As of the date of this prospectus, Spirit has not paid any cash dividends to stockholders. The declaration of any future cash dividend will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon earnings, if any, capital requirements and financial position, general economic conditions, and other pertinent conditions. Spirit does not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest earnings, if any, in business operations. REPORTS After this offering, Spirit will furnish its shareholders with annual financial reports certified by independent accountants, and may, at its discretion, furnish unaudited quarterly financial reports. INTEREST OF NAMED EXPERTS AND COUNSEL None of the below described experts or counsel have been hired on a contingent basis and none of them will receive a direct or indirect interest in the Company. 19 Our audited financial statements for the period from inception (March 10, 2014) to March 31, 2014 are included in this prospectus. They were audited by Dov Weinstein & Co. C.P.A. (Isr). We included the financial statements and report in their capacity as authority and experts in accounting and auditing. The Law Office of Harold P. Gewerter Esq., Ltd. 5536, S. Ft. Apache, Suite 102, Las Vegas, Nevada 89148, has passed upon the validity of the shares being offered and certain other legal matters and is representing us in connection with this offering. The Law Office of Harold P. Gewerter, Esq., Ltd. is the named escrow agent for establishing a non-interest bearing bank account at the branch of Bank of the West and bearing the title set forth on the Information. The Escrow Agent fee is $1,500 and is payable upon establishing the escrow account. 20 DESCRIPTION OF OUR BUSINESS General Information Spirit International, Inc. was incorporated in the State of Nevada on March 10, 2014 under the same name. Since inception, Spirit has not generated revenues, and has accumulated losses in the amount of $ 599 as of audit date March 31, 2014. Spirit has never been party to any bankruptcy, receivership or similar proceeding, nor has it undergone any material reclassification, merger, consolidation, purchase or sale of a significant amount of assets not in the ordinary course of business. Spirit has signed a License and Distribution Agreement with New World Whisky Distilleries Pty. Ltd. under which Spirit has received the exclusive right for distribution in Europe and the Middle East as more fully described herein. Spirit has yet to commence full scale planned operations. As of the date of this Registration Statement, Spirit has commenced only minimal operations and has not generated revenues. The Company will not be profitable until it derives sufficient revenues and cash flows from services. Spirit believes that, if it obtains the proceeds from this offering, it will be able to implement the full business plan and conduct business pursuant to the business plan for the next twelve months. Spirit believes that its customers value the high level of customer service which Spirit will provide through its direct sales force, sophisticated information systems and highly efficient global distribution network. Spirit' will differentiate itself from competitors by offering its customers important services including reliable delivery, a broad product assortment, national account service, electronic interfaces, customized reporting and other customized services. Spirit believes that the large volume of its purchases combined with its centralized purchasing and merchandising operation provides Spirit with an important competitive advantage. Spirit continually seeks to reduce its merchandise costs, enabling it to offer its customers competitive prices while increasing its margins. By purchasing most of its products directly from manufacturers in large volumes and limiting the number of manufacturers represented, Spirit is increasingly able to improve its vendor terms, including earning increased volume discounts and allowances. Spirit has signed a License and Distribution Agreement with New World Whisky Distilleries Pty. Ltd. under which Spirit has received the exclusive right for distribution in Europe and the Middle East. New World Whisky Distilleries Pty. Ltd. has an ambition to be the leading Australian premium whisky company, building a consumer brand amongst spirit drinkers. The global financial crisis has shifted wealth: both with regards to who has it, and how it is being spent. However, premium brands have continued to show strong growth. With 10% growth rate anticipated for this year for a total of $340.6 billion, that increase would mark the third straight year that luxury-goods sales have seen a growth rate of at in excess of 10 % (Bain & Co. annual study October 2012). The study also finds a generational shift under way as new and young consumers seek significantly different experiences from luxury consumption. Driving this growth is the developing middle/upper class in emerging markets like Asia, South America, Eastern Europe and India. And whisky, especially for premium branded whisky, is capitalizing on this shift and the generational opportunity developing markets afford. In the traditional western markets where whisky has been established longer, the aging population and increasing discernment across all whisky segments is creating strong demand for premium whiskies. Even in the traditional wine cultures of southern Europe, younger consumers are being increasingly attracted to whisky as part of their modern whisky repertoire. 21 The new whisky drinker is proving more experimental and there is also a movement away from lighter blended whiskies, evidenced by the recent growth of single malts, premium bourbons and specialists offerings from the new micro whisky distilleries. The growing opportunity in Australia and worldwide for an outstanding malt whisky, at an attractive price, is a fundamental reason why this company was established. Australian wines are known and loved around the world for their taste, quality, and craftsmanship, and we aim to leverage this reputation in our efforts to build our premium brand. New World Whisky Distilleries Pty. Ltd.’s whisky is produced in Melbourne, which offers the perfect climate to produce the whisky; the maturation period is shorter than traditional scotch whiskies – reducing inventory holding costs while maintaining its premium quality. This is a significant strategic advantage of our business that we aim to leverage to maximum effect. The Distillery uses Australian malted barley that is malted to our specific requirements, Victorian water, a bespoken hybrid yeast strain and copper pot stills manufactured in Australia. The spirit is matured in re-coopered Australian ex-sherry barrels. The barrels are re-coopered in Australia into small casks (50/100L) to accelerate maturation under highly variable climatic conditions, allowing Victoria Valley Distribution (VVD) to produce a premium whisky within three years (legal requirements 2 years in wood); avoiding slower maturation in larger wooden vessels (e.g. 300-700L) - + 12 years in Scotland. GLOBAL MARKET The global whisky market is currently estimated to be 175 million x 9-litre cases. Scotch dominates with about 58%, followed by North America with 28%; Ireland, Japan and India and a few small producing countries hold the balance. The global recession in 2009 had little effect on total exports. The Scotch whisky association reported in March of this year that exports are at record levels up 23% on 2010 figures. While some Western markets saw a shift from off-premise consumption; it was the emerging markets in Asia (Singapore &Taiwan) and Eastern Europe that continued to fuel the regional growth, especially premium brands. “Affluent young professionals in fast growing economies are increasingly developing a taste for scotch whisky. This is contributing to growth in countries across Asia and Latin America. Direct exports to Singapore rose by 44% to 155.2m. Brazil was the fastest growing market with exports up 48% to 99.2m” Scotch Whisky Association, March 2012. The global outlook looks promising for whisky, especially for premium branded whiskies. The development of new whisky markets in Asia, South America, and Eastern Europe as well as the world’s largest whisky market in India will drive future growth. In the traditional western markets where whisky has been established longer, the aging population and increasing discernment across all whisky segments is creating strong demand for premium whiskies. Even in the traditional wine cultures of southern Europe, younger consumers are being increasingly attracted to whisky as part of their modern whisky repertoire. The new whisky drinker is proving more experimental and there is also a movement away from lighter blended whiskies, evidenced by the recent growth of single malts, premium bourbons and specialist offerings from the new micro whisky distilleries. The growing opportunity in Australia and worldwide for an outstanding malt whisky, at an attractive price, is a fundamental reason why this company was established. COMPETITION The whisky industry has been merging and acquiring distillery assets and trademarked brand names since the beginning of the 20th century, now only a handful of companies dominate whisky production and marketing. Spirit administrative office is located at 2620 Regatta Dr. Ste. 102, Las Vegas, NV 89128. Spirit International, Inc’s fiscal year end is December 31. 22 Patents and Trademarks At the present we do not have any patents or trademarks. Need for any Government Approval of Services We do not require any government approval for our services. In the event any of our operations or products requires government approval, we will comply with any and all local, state and federal requirements. Government and Industry Regulation We will be subject to federal laws and regulations that relate directly or indirectly to our operations including securities laws. We will also be subject to common business and tax rules and regulations pertaining to the operation of our business. Research and Development Activities Other than time spent researching our business and proposed markets and segmentation, the Company has not spent any funds on research and development activities to date. In the event opportunities arise from our operations, the Company may elect to initiate research and development activities, but the Company has no plans for any activities to date. Environmental Laws Our operations are not subject to any Environmental Laws. Employees and Employment Agreements We currently have one employee, our executive officer, Zur Dadon who currently devotes approximately 15 hours a week to our business and is responsible for the primary operation of our business. Once the public offering is closed, Mr. Dadon plans to spend the time necessary for the development of the marketing campaign, and direct the primary operations of the business. There are no formal employment agreements between the company and our current employee. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY Spirit uses an administrative office located at 2620 Regatta Dr. Ste 102, Las Vegas, NV 89128. Mr. Dadon, the sole officer and director of the Company, provides the office space free of charge and no lease exists. We consider our current principal office space arrangement adequate and will reassess our needs based upon the future growth of the company. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We are not involved in any pending legal proceeding nor are we aware of any pending or threatened litigation against us. 23 MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS No public market currently exists for shares of our common stock. Following completion of this offering, we intend to apply to have our common stock listed for quotation on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board. PENNY STOCK RULES The Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than $5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the Nasdaq system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system). A purchaser is purchasing penny stock which limits the ability to sell the stock. The shares offered by this prospectus constitute penny stock under the Securities and Exchange Act. The shares will remain penny stocks for the foreseeable future. The classification of penny stock makes it more difficult for a broker-dealer to sell the stock into a secondary market, which makes it more difficult for a purchaser to liquidate his/his investment. Any broker-dealer engaged by the purchaser for the purpose of selling his or his shares in us will be subject to Rules 15g-1 through 15g-10 of the Securities and Exchange Act. Rather than creating a need to comply with those rules, some broker-dealers will refuse to attempt to sell penny stock. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document, which: - Contains a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stock in both Public offerings and secondary trading; - Contains a description of the broker’s or dealer’s duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to a violation of such duties or other requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended; - Contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including “bid” and “ask” price for the penny stock and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; - Contains a toll-free number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; - Defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading penny stocks; and - Contains such other information and is in such form (including language, type, size and format) as the Securities and Exchange Commission shall require by rule or regulation. The broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, to the customer: - The bid and offer quotations for the penny stock; - The compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; - The number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; and - Monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer’s account. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules; the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser’s written acknowledgement of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements will have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our stock because it will be subject to these penny stock rules. Therefore, stockholders may have difficulty selling their securities. 24 REGULATION M Our officer and director, who will offer and sell the Shares, is aware that he is required to comply with the provisions of Regulation M promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. With certain exceptions, Regulation M precludes the officers and directors, sales agents, any broker-dealer or other person who participate in the distribution of shares in this offering from bidding for or purchasing, or attempting to induce any person to bid for or purchase any security which is the subject of the distribution until the entire distribution is complete. REPORTS We are subject to certain reporting requirements and will furnish annual financial reports to our stockholders, certified by our independent accountants, and will furnish un-audited quarterly financial reports in our quarterly reports filed electronically with the SEC. All reports and information filed by us can be found at the SEC website, www.sec.gov . STOCK TRANSFER AGENT We currently do not have a stock transfer agent. Spirit has identified several agents to retain that will facilitate the processing of the certificates upon closing of the offering. 25 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATION The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As shown in the accompanying Audited Balance Sheet Data the Company has a positive current ratio and Company has accumulated losses in the amount of $599 for the period from Inception (March 10, 2014) to March 31, 2014. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The following table provides selected financial data about our company for the period from the date of Inception (March 10, 2014) through March 31, 2014. For detailed financial information, see the financial statements included in this prospectus. Audited Balance Sheet Data: Cash $ - Total assets $ - Total liabilities $ 599 Shareholders’ deficit $ 599 Other than the shares offered by this prospectus, no other source of capital has been identified or sought. If we experience a shortfall in operating capital prior to funding from the proceeds of this offering, our sole officer and director, has verbally agreed to advance the Company funds to complete the registration costs and other costs that occur until the potentially six months that the offering will continue. In support of the Company’s efforts and cash requirements, it is relying on advances from related parties until such time that the Company can support its operations or attains adequate financing through sales of its equity or traditional debt financing. Amounts represent advances or amounts paid in satisfaction of certain liabilities as they come due. The majority shareholder has pledged his support to fund continuing operations; however there is no written commitment to this effect. The Company is dependent upon the continued support of this member. Mr. Dadon, our sole office and director, has agreed to advance the Company funds to meet its obligations including the expenses necessary to stay current with accounting and audit. We anticipate the costs of these obligations could total approximately $10,000 and these advances will not be repaid from the raised funds. While management estimates $10,000 for such costs; there is no maximum amount of funds that Mr. Dadon has agreed to provide. Mr. Dadon, because he is the sole office and director, and although he has orally agreed to fund such amounts, as the sole officer and director such agreement is not binding and therefore it is within his sole discretion to provide such funds. The Company plans to commence operations and execute its business plan as discussed in the “Use of Proceeds” section upon receipt of the first proceeds received from the raise. Release of the funds to the Company is based upon our escrow agent, Law Offices of Harold P. Gewerter, Esq. Ltd., reviewing the records of the depository institution holding the escrow to verify that that the checks have cleared prior to releasing the funds to the Company. The Company is an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act. The Company shall continue to be deemed an emerging growth company until the earliest of— ‘(A) the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer during which it had total annual gross revenues of $1,000,000,000 (as such amount is indexed for inflation every 5 years by the Commission to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, setting the threshold to the nearest 1,000,000) or more; ‘(B) the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities of the issuer pursuant to an effective registration statement under this title; 26 ‘(C) the date on which such issuer has, during the previous 3-year period, issued more than $1,000,000,000 in non-convertible debt; or ‘(D) the date on which such issuer is deemed to be a ‘large accelerated filer’, as defined in section 240.12b-2 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto.’. As an emerging growth company the company is exempt from Section 404(b) of Sarbanes Oxley. Section 404(a) requires Issuers to publish information in their annual reports concerning the scope and adequacy of the internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting. This statement shall also assess the effectiveness of such internal controls and procedures. Section 404(b) requires that the registered accounting firm shall, in the same report, attest to and report on the assessment on the effectiveness of the internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting. As an emerging growth company the company is exempt from Section 14A(a) and (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which require the shareholder approval of executive compensation and golden parachutes. The Company has irrevocably opted out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards pursuant to Section 107(b) of the Act. Plan of Operation MARKET ENTRY STRATEGY “Key GO-to market” Strategies, the company’s market entry strategy is focused on three key areas: -Leveraging up our barrel funding program; -Supporting our local distribution partners; -Targeting key international relationships to build beach-head case sales; LEVERAGING BARREL PROGRAM Our barrel funding program is a key plank in the growth of business and a novel model to build awareness of the whisky with our key market- discerning drinkers who are typically high net worth individuals. The company will also explore institutional funding options along- side the barrel program, but it is the opinion of the board that the distributed approach and target audience of the current barrel program provide us with a grass roots marketing team to assist in building profile of the whisky. GROWTH STRATEGY The key growth plan in international markets is developing and increasing appetite for premium whiskies. 27 Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As shown in the accompanying audited financial statements, the Company has a positive current ratio and the Company has accumulated losses in the amount of $599 for the period from Inception (March 10, 2014) to March 31, 2014. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The pace of the growth of the Company is dependent upon its ability to obtain financing through this public offering and upon future profitable operations from the development of its planned business. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might arise from this uncertainty. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets, or the amounts of and classification of liabilities that might be necessary in the event the Company cannot continue in existence. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES A. BASIS OF ACCOUNTING The financial statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting. The statements were prepared following generally accepted accounting principles of the United States of America consistently applied. The Company has elected a fiscal year end of December 31. B. BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE The Company has adopted ASC Topic 260 “Earnings per Share” (“EPS”) which requires presentation of basic and diluted EPS on the face of the income statement for all entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation to the numerator and denominator of the diluted EPS computation. In the accompanying financial statements, basic earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income/loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. There are no dilutive shares outstanding. No significant realized exchange gains or losses were recorded from audit period Inception (March 10, 2014) to March 31, 2014 the Company owned no cash as of March 31, 2014. C. CASH EQUIVALENTS Cash and cash equivalents include cash in banks, money market funds and certificates of term deposits with maturities of less than three months from inception, which are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which, in the opinion of management, are subject to an insignificant risk of loss in value. The Company owned no cash as of March 31, 2014. D. USE OF ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 28 E. INCOME TAXES Deferred income taxes are reported for timing differences between items of income or expense reported in the financial statements and those reported for income tax purposes in accordance with ASC Topic 740, “Accounting for Income Taxes,” which requires the use of the asset/liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred income taxes and tax benefits are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and for tax loss and credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company provides for deferred taxes for the estimated future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carry-forwards when realization is more likely than not. NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS The Company does not expect the adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on the Company’s results of operations, financial position or cash flow. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FISCAL DISCLOSURE None. FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE Our fiscal year end is December 31. We intend to provide financial statements audited by an Independent Registered Accounting Firm to our shareholders in our annual reports. The audited financial statements for the period from the Date of Inception, March 10, 2014, through March 31, 2014 are located in the section titled “Financial Statements”. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS Directors of the corporation are elected by the stockholders to a term of one year and serve until a successor is elected and qualified. Officers of the corporation are appointed by the Board of Directors to a term of one year and serves until a successor is duly appointed and qualified, or until he or he is removed from office. The Board of Directors has no nominating, auditing or compensation committees. The name, address, age and position of our officer and director is set forth below: Name Age First Year as Director Position Zur Dadon * 23 March 2014 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer, Principle Accounting Officer, Sole Director * For period from Inception (March 10, 2014) through current, Mr. Zur Dadon serves as President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer, Principle Accounting Officer, and sole Director of the Company. The term of office of each director of the Company ends at the next annual meeting of the Company's stockholders or when such director's successor is elected and qualifies. No date for the next annual meeting of stockholders is specified in the Company's bylaws or has been fixed by the Board of Directors. The term of office of each officer of the Company ends at the next annual meeting of the Company's Board of Directors, expected to take place immediately after the next annual meeting of stockholders, or when such officer's successor is elected and qualifies. 29 Directors are entitled to reimbursement for expenses in attending meetings but receive no other compensation for services as directors. Directors who are employees may receive compensation for services other than as director. No compensation has been paid to directors for services. BACKGROUND INFORMATION ABOUT OUR OFFICER AND DIRECTOR The following information sets forth the backgrounds and business experience of the directors and executive officers. Zur Dadon – President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director - March 2009-2012 Elite Paratrooper Unit in the Israel Defense Force. Was the rank of a Sergeant and commanded over a platoon. March 2012- to present. Manager at a bar/restaurant called Alma. He is in charge of overseeing the employee’s, seeing to it that they perform their individually specific tasks. Zur is also in charge of supplying and maintain the food and alcohol inventory in the restaurant. This requires Zur to interact and organize on a daily basis with varies different suppliers. BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than ten percent of our common stock, to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes of ownership of our common stock. Officers, directors and greater than ten percent stockholders are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. We intend to ensure to the best of our ability that all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors and greater than ten percent beneficial owners are compiled within a timely fashion. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Summary Compensation Table The table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our President, Secretary, Treasurer, and Director who occupied such position as of the date of this Prospectus, for all services rendered in all capacities to us for the period from Inception (March 10, 2014) through March 31, 2014. The Company does not have employment agreements with any of the persons named below (and has not presently entered into such agreements with any such persons), and does not pay them a salary or other compensation at the present time We also do not currently have any benefits, such as health or life insurance, available to our employees. Name and Position Year* Salary ($) Bonus ($) Stock awards ($) Option awards ($) Non-equity incentive plan compensation ($) Change in pension value and nonqualified deferred compensation earnings ($) All other compensation ($) Total ($) Zur Dadon President, CEO, CFO , Secretary, Treasurer, Director * -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- * For period from Inception (March 10, 2014) through current, Mr. Zur Dadon serves as President, CEO, CFO, Secretary, Treasurer and Director of the Company. 30 OPTION GRANTS There have been no individual grants of stock options to purchase our common stock made to the executive officer named in the Summary Compensation Table. AGGREGATED OPTION EXERCISES AND FISCAL YEAR-END OPTION VALUE There have been no stock options exercised by the executive officer named in the Summary Compensation Table. LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN (“LTIP”) AWARDS There have been no awards made to a named executive officer in the last completed fiscal year under any LTIP. COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS Our directors did not receive any compensation for their services as directors from our inception to the date of this Prospectus. We have no formal plan for compensating our directors for their services in the future in their capacity as directors; however we will reimburse any director for out-of-pocket expenses incurred with board meetings. EMPLOYMENT CONTRACTS AND OFFICERS’ COMPENSATION Since the Date of Incorporation on March 10, 2014, Spirit has not compensated Mr. Dadon, the President, Secretary and Treasurer. The Board of Directors will determine future compensation and, as appropriate, employment agreements executed. We do not have any employment agreements in place with our sole officer and director. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth, as of the date of this prospectus, the total number of shares owned beneficially by our directors, officers and key employees, individually and as a group, and the present owners of 5% or more of our total outstanding shares. The table also reflects what the percentage of ownership will be assuming completion of the sale of all shares in this offering, which we cannot guarantee. The stockholders listed below have direct ownership of their shares and possess sole voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares. Percent of Class Title of Class Name, Title and Address of Beneficial Owner of Shares (1) Amount of Beneficial Ownership (2) Before Offering After Offering (3) Common Zur Dadon, President, CEO, and Director 5,000,000 100 % 55.55 % All Officers and Directors as a Group 5,000,000 100 % 55.55 % 1. The address of each executive officer and director is c/o Spirit, 2620 Regatta Dr. Ste. 102, Las Vegas, NV 89128. 2. As used in this table, “beneficial ownership” means the sole or shared power to vote, or to direct the voting of, a security, or the sole or share investment power with respect to a security (i.e., the power to dispose of, or to direct the disposition of a security). 31 3. Assumes the sale of the maximum amount of this offering (4,000,000 shares of common stock) by Spirit. The aggregate amount of shares to be issued and outstanding after the offering is 9,000,000. FUTURE SALES BY EXISTING STOCKHOLDERS A total of 5,000,000 shares have been issued to the existing stockholder, all of which are held by our sole officer and director and are restricted securities, as that term is defined in Rule 144 of the Rules and Regulations of the SEC promulgated under the Act. Under Rule 144, such shares can be publicly sold, subject to volume restrictions and certain restrictions on the manner of sale, commencing one year after their acquisition. Any sale of shares held by the existing stockholder (after applicable restrictions expire) and/or the sale of shares purchased in this offering (which would be immediately resalable after the offering), may have a depressive effect on the price of our common stock in any market that may develop, of which there can be no assurance. Our principal shareholder does not have any plans to sell his shares at any time after this offering is complete. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS Zur Dadon is our sole officer and director. We are currently operating out of the premises of Mr. Dadon and he provides the Company office space on a rent-free basis for administrative purposes. There is no written agreement or other material terms or arrangements relating to said arrangement. Rent was $0 for all periods presented. On March 10, 2014 the Company issued 5,000,000 shares of common stock at $0.0001 par value to Zur Dadon, the Company’s founder, for an equity investment received in the amount of $500. We do not currently have any conflicts of interest by or among our current officer, director, key employee or advisors. We have not yet formulated a policy for handling conflicts of interest, however, we intend to do so upon completion of this offering and, in any event, prior to hiring any additional employees. In support of the Company’s efforts and cash requirements, it is relying on advances from related parties until such time that the Company can support its operations or attains adequate financing through sales of its equity or traditional debt financing. Amounts represent advances or amounts paid in satisfaction of certain liabilities as they come due. The majority shareholder has pledged his support to fund continuing operations; however there is no written commitment to this effect. The Company is dependent upon the continued support of this member. Mr. Dadon, our sole office and director, has agreed to advance the Company funds to meet its obligations including the expenses necessary to stay current with accounting and audit. We anticipate the costs of these obligations could total approximately $10,000 and these advances will not be repaid from the raised funds. While management estimates $10,000 for such costs; there is no maximum amount of funds that Mr. Dadon has agreed to provide. Mr. Dadon, because he is the sole office and direct, and although he has orally agreed to fund such amounts, as the sole officer and director such agreement is not binding and therefore it is within his sole discretion to provide such funds. The Company plans to commence operations and execute its business plan as discussed in the “Use of Proceeds” section upon receipt of the first proceeds received from the raise. Release of the funds to the Company is based upon our escrow agent, Law Offices of Harold P. Gewerter, Esq. Ltd., reviewing the records of the depository institution holding the escrow to verify that that the checks have cleared prior to releasing the funds to the Company. The Company does not have an employment contract with its key employee Mr. Zur Dadon who is the President and sole officer of the Company as of May 15, 2014. 32 The amounts and terms of the above transactions may not necessarily be indicative of the amounts and terms that would have been incurred had comparable transactions been entered into with independent third parties. INDEMNIFICATION Pursuant to the Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws of the corporation, we may indemnify an officer or director who is made a party to any proceeding, including a law suit, because of his position, if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in our best interest. In certain cases, we may advance expenses incurred in defending any such proceeding. To the extent that the officer or director is successful on the merits in any such proceeding as to which such person is to be indemnified, we must indemnify him against all expenses incurred, including attorney’s fees. With respect to a derivative action, indemnity may be made only for expenses actually and reasonably incurred in defending the proceeding, and if the officer or director is judged liable, only by a court order. The indemnification is intended to be to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the provisions above, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act, and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities, other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by one of our directors, officers, or controlling persons in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding, is asserted by one of our directors, officers, or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act, and we will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. AVAILABLE INFORMATION We have filed a registration statement on Form S-1, of which this prospectus is a part, with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Upon completion of the registration, we will be subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act and, in accordance therewith, will file all requisite reports, such as Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K, proxy statements, under Section 14 of the Exchange Act and other information with the Commission. Such reports, proxy statements, this registration statement and other information, may be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the Commission at 100 Fifth Street NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of all materials may be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the Commission’s Washington, D.C. office at prescribed rates. You may obtain information regarding the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The Commission also maintains a Web site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the Commission at http://www .sec.gov. DEALER PROSPECTUS DELIVERY OBLIGATION “UNTIL___________________________, ALL DEALERS THAT EFFECT TRANSACTIONS IN THESE SECURITIES, WHETHER OR NOT PARTICIPATING IN THIS OFFERING, MAY BE REQUIRED TO DELIVER A PROSPECTUS. THIS IS IN ADDITION TO THE DEALERS’ OBLIGATION TO DELIVER A PROSPECTUS WHEN ACTING AS UNDERWRITERS AND WITH RESPECT TO THEIR UNSOLD ALLOTMENTS OR SUBSCRIPTIONS.” 33 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SPIRIT INTERNATIONAL, INC (A Development Stage Company) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the period ended MARCH 31, 2014 CONTENTS: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Balance Sheet as of March 31, 2014 F-3 Statement of Operations for the period from March 10, 2014 (date of inception) to March 31, 2014 F-4 Statements of Stockholder's Deficit for the period from March 10, 2014 (date of inception) to March 31, 2014 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the period from March 10, 2014 (date of inception) to March 31, 2014 F-6 Notes to the Financial Statements F-7 F- 1 REPORT OF THE INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Spirit International, Inc We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Spirit International, Inc (“the Company”) as of March 31, 2014 and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders’ deficit and cash flows for the period from inception (March 10, 2014) through March 31, 2014. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audit in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Spirit International, Inc as of March 31, 2014 and the results of its operations and cash flows for the period described above in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company is in the development stage, and has not established any source of revenue to cover its operating costs. As of March 31, 2014 the Company has a working capital deficit and does not have the cash resources sufficient to meet its planned business objectives. These and other factors raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plan regarding these matters is also described in Note 1 to the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. /s/ Dov Weinstein & Co. C.P.A. (Isr) www.wcpa.co.il Jerusalem, Israel June 17, 2014 F- 2 SPIRIT INTERNATIONAL, INC (A Development Stage Company) BALANCE SHEET March 31, 2014 $ ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT Current liabilities: Short-term borrowings from related party 599 Total liabilities 599 Stockholders’ Deficit Common stock, $0.0001 par value; 75,000,000 shares authorized; 5,000,000 shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2014 500 Accumulated deficit during development stage (599 ) Stock subscription receivable (500 ) Total Stockholders’ Deficit (599 ) TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F- 3 SPIRIT INTERNATIONAL, INC (A Development Stage Company) STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS Period from March 10, 2014 (Inception) to March 31, 2014 $ Sales : - Operating expenses Professional fees:- - Setup costs 500 Total operating expenses (500 ) Net loss (500 ) Loss per share - basic and diluted: Net loss per common share - Weighted average number of common shares oustanding 5,000,000 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F- 4 SPIRIT INTERNATIONAL, INC (A Development Stage Company) STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT for the period of MARCH 10, 2014 (INCEPTION) to MARCH 31, 2014 Common Stock Accumulated Deficit During Development Stage Stock Subscription Receivable Total Stockholders’ Deficit Shares Amount $ $ $ $ Inception (March 10, 2014) - - - - - Common stock issued for stock subscription receivable at $0.0001 per share 5,000,000 500 - (500 ) - Loss for the period - - (599 ) - (599 ) Balance at March 31, 2014 5,000,000 500 (599 ) (500 ) (599 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F- 5 SPIRIT INTERNATIONAL, INC (A Development Stage Company) STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS Period from March 10, 2014 (Inception) to March 31, 2014 $ Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net loss (599 ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Short-term borrowings 599 Net cash used in operating activities - Cash Flows from Investing Activities - Cash Flows from Financing Activities - Increase in cash and cash equivalents - Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period - Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F- 6 SPIRIT INTERNATIONAL, INC (A Development Stage Company) NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the period ended MARCH 31, 2014 NOTE 1 – NATURE OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION Spirit Internationa, Inc. (the “Company”) is a Nevada Corporation. The Company is in the development stage as defined by Accounting Standards Codification 915 (ASC 915), “Accounting and reporting by Development Stage Enterprises”. The Company is devoting substantially all of its efforts to development of its business plan; to market a unique brand and Australian whiskey for export to Western Europe and the Middle East. Basis of Presentation The Company maintains its accounting records on an accrual basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”). These financial statements are presented in US dollars. Fiscal Year End The Corporation has adopted a fiscal year end of December 31. Going concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As at March 31, 2014 the Company has an accumulated deficit of $599 and has earned no revenues since inception and has a working capital deficit. The Company intends to fund operations through equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements for the year ending December 31, 2014. The ability of the Company to emerge from the development stage is dependent upon, among other things, obtaining additional financing to continue operations, and development of its business plan. In response to these problems, management intends to raise additional funds through public or private placement offerings. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts or revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. NOTE 2 – SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES The principal accounting policies are set out below, these policies have been consistently applied to the period presented, unless otherwise stated: Cash and cash equivalents Cash and equivalents include investments with initial maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains its cash balances at credit-worthy financial institutions that are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") up to $250,000. As of March 31, 2014 the Company does not own any cash and cash equivalents. F- 7 Property, Plant and Equipment The Company does not own any property, plant and equipment. Intellectual Properties The Company has adopted the provisions of ASC 350-50, Website Development Costs. All costs incurred during the planning phase of a website are expensed as research and development. Costs incurred in the development stage, including the purchase of a domain name, are capitalized and reviewed annually for impairment. Expenses subsequent to the launch will be expensed as research and development expenses. The Company will expense upgrades and revisions to its website as incurred. Once the website is available for use, the asset will be amortized over its useful life on a straight line basis, estimated to be 3 years, and is tested for impairment annually. Accounts payable and accrued expenses Accounts payable and accrued expenses are carried at amortized cost and represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Company prior to the end of the financial year that are unpaid and arise when the Company becomes obliged to make future payments in respect of the purchase of these goods and services. Earnings per share The Company computes net loss per share in accordance with ASC 260, "Earnings Per Share" ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share (“EPS”) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the effects of all potential dilutive common shares, which comprise options granted to employees. As at March 31, 2014 the Company had no potentially dilutive shares. Income taxes Income taxes are accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 740, “Income Taxes.” Under the asset and liability method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future consequences of differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases (temporary differences). Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are recovered or settled. Valuation allowances for deferred tax assets are established when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Company management do not believe that the adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements will have a significant impact on the Company's financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. NOTE 3 – SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS FROM RELATED PARTY March 31 2014 $ Loans from related party 599 The above loan is unsecured, bears no interest and has no set terms of repayment. This loan is repayable on demand. F- 8 NOTE 4 – STOCKHOLDER’S DEFICIT Common Stock On October 11, 2014, the Company issued 5,000,000 shares of common stock to the director of the Company at a price of $0.0001 per share, for $500 stock subscription receivable. Proceeds from this stock issuance was received on May 13, 2014 in full. NOTE 5 – INCOME TAXES The provision (benefit) for income taxes for the period ended March 31, 2014 was as follows (assuming a 15% effective tax rate): March 31 2014 $ Current Tax Provision Federal- Taxable income Total current tax provision - - Deferred Tax Provision Federal- Loss carry forwards 90 Change in valuation allowance (90 ) Total deferred tax provision - March 31 2014 The Company had deferred income tax assets as of March 31, 2014 as follows: $ Loss carry forwards 90 Less - Valuation allowance (90 ) - The Company provided a valuation allowance equal to the deferred income tax assets for period ended March 31, 2014 because it is not presently known whether future taxable income will be sufficient to utilize the loss carryforwards. As of March 31, 2014, the Company had approximately $599 in tax loss carryforwards that can be utilized future periods to reduce taxable income, and expire by the year 2034. The Corporation did not identify any material uncertain tax positions. The Corporation did not recognize any interest or penalties for unrecognized tax benefits. The federal income tax returns of the Corporation are subject to examination by the IRS, generally for three years after they are filed. NOTE 6 – RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Details of transactions between the Corporation and related parties are disclosed below. The following entities have been identified as related parties : Zur Dagon - Director and greater than 10% stockholder The following transactions were carried out with related parties: March 31 2014 $ Balance sheet: Short-term borrowings - Director 599 F- 9 From time to time, the president and stockholder of the Company provides advances to the Company for its working capital purposes. These advances bear no interest and are due on demand. NOTE 7 – RECENT ACCOUNTING STANDARD UPDATES There are no new accounting pronouncements expected to have any impact on the Company's financial statements. NOTE 8 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS In accordance with ASC 855-10, Company management reviewed all material events through the date of this report and determined that there are no additional material subsequent events to report. F- 10 PART II: INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION The following table sets forth the costs and expenses payable by Spirit in connection with registering the sale of the common stock. Spirit has agreed to pay all costs and expenses in connection with this offering of common stock. Set for the below is the estimated expenses of issuance and distribution, assuming the minimum proceeds are raised. Legal and Professional Fees $ 5,000 Accounting Fees $ 3,500 Edgar Fees $ 800 Total: $ 9,300 INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS Spirit’s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws provide for the indemnification of a present or former director or officer. Spirit indemnifies any director, officer, employee or agent who is successful on the merits or otherwise in defense on any action or suit. Such indemnification shall include, but not necessarily be limited to, expenses, including attorney’s fees actually or reasonably incurred by him. Nevada law also provides for discretionary indemnification for each person who serves as or at Spirit request as an officer or director. Spirit may indemnify such individual against all costs, expenses, and liabilities incurred in a threatened, pending or completed action, suit, or proceeding brought because such individual is a director or officer. Such individual must have conducted himself in good faith and reasonably believed that his conduct was in, or not opposed to, Spirit’s best interests. In a criminal action, he/he must not have had a reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. NEVADA LAW Pursuant to the provisions of Nevada Revised Statutes 78.751, Spirit shall indemnify any director, officer and employee as follows: Every director, officer, or employee of Spirit shall be indemnified by us against all expenses and liabilities, including counsel fees, reasonably incurred by or imposed upon him/his in connection with any proceeding to which he/he may be made a party, or in which he/he may become involved, by reason of being or having been a director, officer, employee or agent of Spirit or is or was serving at the request of Spirit as a director, officer, employee or agent of Spirit, partnership, joint venture, trust or enterprise, or any settlement thereof, whether or not he/he is a director, officer, employee or agent at the time such expenses are incurred, except in such cases wherein the director, officer, employee or agent is adjudged guilty of willful misfeasance or malfeasance in the performance of his/his duties; provided that in the event of a settlement the indemnification herein shall apply only when the Board of Directors approves such settlement and reimbursement as being for the best interests of Spirit. Spirit shall provide to any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of Spirit as a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or enterprise, the indemnity against expenses of a suit, litigation or other proceedings which is specifically permissible under applicable law. 34 RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES. Set forth below is information regarding the issuance and sales of securities without registration since inception. No such sales involved the use of an underwriter; no advertising or public solicitation was involved; the securities bear a restrictive legend; and no commissions were paid in connection with the sale of any securities. On March 11 th , 2014 the Company issued 5,000,000 shares of common stock at $0.0001 par value to Zur Dadon, the Company’s founder, for a $500equity investment received. These securities were issued in reliance upon the exemption contained in Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. EXHIBITS. The following exhibits are included with this registration statement: Exhibit Number. Name/Identification of Exhibit 3.1 Articles of Incorporation 3.2 Bylaws 5 Opinion of Harold P. Gewerter, Esq. 23.1 Consent of Independent Auditor 23.2 Consent of Counsel (See Exhibit 5) 99 Additional Exhibits 99.1 Subscription Agreement 99.2 Escrow Agreement 99.3 License and Distribution Agreement 35 UNDERTAKINGS The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period, in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this Registration Statement: (i) To include any prospectus required by section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the Registration Statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the Registration Statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in the volume and price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of the Registration Fee” table in the effective Registration Statement; and (iii) To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the Registration Statement or any material change to such information in the Registration Statement. (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new Registration Statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (4) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the Registrant, the Registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the Registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the Registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the Registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question of whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. (5) That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities: The undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: i. Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; 36 ii. Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; iii. The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and iv. Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. v. Each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. 37 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the Registrant has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada on June 26, 2014. Spirit (Registrant) By: /s/ Zur Dadon Zur Dadon President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement was signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated: Signature Title Date /s/ Zur Dadon Zur Dadon President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director June 26, 2014 38
