UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 RUROO GAMES, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant As Specified In Its Charter) WYOMING 7372 47-4741353 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) IRS I.D. 31878 Del Obispo Street, Suite 118-331, San Juan Cpistrano, CA 92675 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Timothy Remple 31878 Del Obispo Street, Suite 118-331, San Juan Capistrano, CA 92675 (949) 527-2887 (Name, address and telephone number of agent for service) with copies to: Adam S. Tracy, Esq. The Tracy Firm, Ltd. 2100 Manchester Road , Suite 615 Wheaton, Il 60187 (888) 978-9901 at@ibankattorneys.com SEC File No._______________ Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this Registration Statement. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box. ⌧ If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act Registration Statement number of the earlier effective Registration Statement for the same offering. □ 1 If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act Registration Statement number of the earlier effective Registration Statement for the same offering. □ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act Registration Statement number of the earlier effective Registration Statement for the same offering. □ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. Large accelerated filer □ Accelerated Filer □ Non-accelerated filer □ Smaller reporting company ⌧ The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of each class of securities to be registered Amount to be registered Proposed maximum offering price per share Proposed maximum aggregate offering price Amount of registration fee (1) Common Stock 5,000,000 $.20 $ 1,000,000 $115.90 (1) Calculated under Rule 457 of the Securities Act of 1933 as .0001159 of the aggregate offering price. In accordance with Rule 416(a), this registration statement shall also cover an indeterminate number of shares that may be issued and resold resulting from stock splits, stock dividends or similar transactions. NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED OF THESE SECURITIES OR DETERMINED IF THIS PROSPECTUS IS TRUTHFUL OR COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. The information in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This preliminary prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and we are not soliciting offers to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. 2 PROSPECTUS – SUBJECT TO COMPLETION DATED JUNE 5, 2017 RuRoo Games, Inc. Up to 5,000,000 Common Shares at $0.20 per Share RuRoo Games, Inc. (“we”, “us”, or the “Company”) is offering for sale a maximum of 5,000,000 shares of its common stock, par value $0.001 per share, at the price of $.20 per share. There is no minimum number of shares that must be sold by us for the offering to close, and therefore we may receive no proceeds or very minimal proceeds from the offering. The aggregate offering price of all securities sold under this prospectus may not exceed $1,000,000. The offering will commence on the effective date of this prospectus and will terminate on or before the six month period succeeding the effective date. We will sell the common shares ourselves and do not plan to use underwriters or pay any commissions. We will be selling our common shares using our best efforts and no one has agreed to buy any of our common shares. There is no minimum amount of common shares we must sell so no money raised from the sale of such common shares will go into escrow, trust or another similar arrangement. We will bear the all of the costs associated with this offering. This is our initial public offering. Our common stock is not listed for trading on any exchange or automated quotation system. We intend, upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, to engage a market maker to apply for quotation on the OTQB Marketplace. There can be no assurance that a market maker will agree to file the necessary documents with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), which operates the OTQB Marketplace; nor can there be any assurance that such an application for quotation will be approved. We were incorporated in the State of Wyoming on June 29, 2015. We are a developmental stage company with limited operational history . Our business strategy is to develop mobile gaming applications as well as a mobile application for users to submit ideas and feedback to help with the development of future mobile gaming applications. Readers are encouraged to reference the section entitled “Business Operations” found on page 34 he rein for additional information regarding our business. Our auditors have indicated in their opinion on our financial statements as of and for the period from inception to December 31, 2016 that there exists substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Moreover, we are an early stage venture with limited operating history. As such, this offering is highly speculative and the common stock being offered for sale involves a high degree of risk and should be considered only be persons who can afford the loss of their entire investment. Readers are encouraged to reference the section entitled “Risk Factors” found on page 11 herein for additional information regarding the risks associated with our company and common stock Please note that the Company is a “shell” company in accordance with Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933. Accordingly, any securities sold in this offering can only be resold through registration under the Securities Act of 1933; Section 4(1), if available, for non-affiliates; or by meeting the following conditions of Rule 144(i): (a) the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; (b) the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(D) of the Exchange Act of 1934; and the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and at least one year has lapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the Commission reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. 3 The Date of this Prospectus is June 5, 2017 4 TABLE OF CONTENTS Summary Information 6 Risk Factors 11 Use of Proceeds 27 Determination of the Offering Price 28 Dilution 28 Plan of Distribution 29 Description of Securities 31 Interest of Named Experts 33 Description of Business Operations 34 Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters, and Control Persons 37 Management Discussion and Analysis 40 Financial Statements 44 Information Not Required In Prospectus 57 Exhibits 57 Signatures 60 5 A CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus contains forward-looking statements which relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as “may”, “should”, “expects”, “plans”, “anticipates”, “believes”, “estimates”, “predicts”, “potential” or “continue” or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements about our market opportunity, our strategies, competition, expected activities and expenditures as we pursue our business plan, and the adequacy of our available cash resources. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Actual results may differ materially from the predictions discussed in these forward-looking statements. The economic environment within which we operate could materially affect our actual results. Additional factors that could materially affect these forward-looking statements and/or predictions include, among other things: the volatility of real estate prices, the possibility that our marketing efforts will not be successful in identifying customers in need of our products and services, the Company’s need for and ability to obtain additional financing, and, other factors over which we have little or no control. While these forward-looking statements, and any assumptions upon which they are based, are made in good faith and reflect our current judgment regarding the direction of our business, actual results will almost always vary, sometimes materially, from any estimates, predictions, projections, assumptions or other future performance suggested herein. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. SUMMARY INFORMATION As used in this prospectus, references to the “Company,” “we,” “our”, “us” or “RuRoo” refer to RuRoo Games, Inc. unless the context otherwise indicated. You should carefully read all information in the prospectus, including the financial statements and their explanatory notes, under the Financial Statements prior to making an investment decision. The Company Organization: We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Wyoming on June 29, 2015. Our principal office is located at 31878 Del Obispo Street, Suite 118-331, San Juan Capistrano, CA 92675. Our telephone number is (949) 527-2887. Capitalization: Our articles of incorporation provide for the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001. As of the date of this Prospectus there are 20,000,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. Our articles of incorporation do not provide for the issuance of any preferred stock or other class of equity securities. Management: Our Chief Executive Officer, Director and Secretary is Timothy Remple. Tim Remple represents our lone employee. Mr. Remple is engaged in other business activities and thus expects to devote approximately thirty (30) hours each week to the Company. Controlling Shareholders: Our Chief Executive Officer, Director and Secretary, Tim Remple, is our lone shareholder owning 20,000,000 shares of common stock. 6 Going Concern: Our independent auditor has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern given our lack of operating history and the fact to date have had no significant revenues. Potential investors should be aware that there are difficulties associated with being a new venture, and the high rate of failure associated with this fact. We have an accumulated deficit of $53,430 and have had no significant revenues to date. Our future is dependent upon our ability to obtain financing and upon future profitable operations from our operations. These factors raise substantial doubt that we will be able to continue as a going concern. Our company and our officers, directors, any company promoter and their affiliates do not intend, once we are reporting, to use our company as a vehicle for a private company to become a reporting company. We are not a blank check company, as such term is defined by Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as we have a specific business plan and we presently have no plans or intentions to engage in a merger or acquisition with an unidentified company, companies, entity or person. Our Business Plan of Operations: The Company plans to be primarily engaged in the development of mobile gaming applications as well as a mobile application for users to submit ideas and feedback to help with the development of future mobile gaming applications. The Company intends to generate revenue through in-app advertising sales as well as in-app purchases that will help users progress throughout the respective games. Historical Operations: Since inception, the Company has limited operations. As of March 31, 2017 the Company has generated an accumulated deficit of ($53,430). Shell Company Status: We are a “shell company” within the meaning of Rule 405, promulgated pursuant to Securities Act, because we have nominal assets and nominal operations. Accordingly, the securities sold in this offering can only be resold through registration under Section 5 the Securities Act of 1933, Section 4(1), if available, for non-affiliates or by meeting the conditions of Rule 144(i). A holder of our securities may not rely on the safe harbor from being deemed statutory underwriter under Section 2(11) of the Securities Act, as provided by Rule 144, to resell his or her securities. Only after we (i) are not a shell company, and (ii) have filed all reports and other materials required to be filed by section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that we may be required to file such reports and materials, other than Form 8-K reports); and have filed current “Form 10 information” with the SEC reflecting our status as an entity that is no longer a shell company for a period of not less than 12 months, can our securities be resold pursuant to Rule 144. “Form 10 information” is, generally speaking, the same type of information as we are required to disclose in this prospectus, but without an offering of securities. These circumstances regarding how Rule 144 applies to shell companies may hinder your resale of your shares of the Company. Current Operations: The Company is currently working on its capital raise requirements and searching for the appropriate talent and independent contractors to develop a website and requisite network to support an online, mobile community. Development of the mobile gaming applications will commence once the Company has the funds to hire the necessary contractors. The Offering 7 Class of Securities Offered: Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share. No. of Shares being Sold in the Offering: Up to Five million (5,000,000). Offering Price: The Company intends to offer its common stock at $0.20 per share. No. of Shares Outstanding: As of the date of this Prospectus, there are 20,000,000 shares of the Company’s common stock issued and outstanding. All of those shares are owned by our Chief Executive Officer Tim Remple. Termination of the Offering: The offering will commence as of the effective date of this Prospectus and will terminate on the sooner of: the sale of the total number of shares being sold, one year from the effective date of this Prospectus or the decision by Company management to deem the offering closed. In no event will the Company extend the offering beyond 15 months after the Registration Statement is declared effective. Offering Costs: Subscriptions: We estimate our total offering registration costs to be $25,000. If we experience a shortage of funds prior to funding, our officer and director has verbally agreed to advance funds to the Company to allow us to pay for offering costs, filing fees, and correspondence with our shareholders; however our officer and director has no legal obligation to advance or loan funds to the Company. Any subscription completed with respect to the shares offered herein is irrevocable upon receipt by the Company. Market for our Common Stock: Our common stock is not listed for trading on any exchange or automated quotation system. We intend, upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, to engage a market maker to apply for quotation on the OTQB Marketplace. There can be no assurance that a market maker will agree to file the necessary documents with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), which operates the OTCQB Marketplace; nor can there be any assurance that such an application for quotation will be approved. Common Stock Control: Tim Remple, our Chief Executive Officer and only director, currently owns all of the issued and outstanding common stock of the company, and will continue to own sufficient common shares to control the operations of the company after this offering, irrespective of its outcome. Penny Stock Regulations: The liquidity of our common stock is restricted as the registrant’s common stock falls within the definition of a penny stock. These requirements may restrict the ability of broker/dealers to sell the registrant's common stock, and may affect the ability to resell the registrant's common stock. Best Efforts Offering: We are offering our common stock on a “best efforts” basis through our Chief Executive Officer, who will not receive any discounts or commissions for selling the shares. There is no minimum number of shares that must be sold in order to close this offering. 8 Use of Proceeds: We will use the proceeds of this offering to first cover administrative expenses in connection with this offering. We plan to use the remaining proceeds, if any, to further our business plan. We retain wide discretion with respect to the proceeds of this offering. Implications of being an Emerging Growth Company We are an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. We shall continue to be deemed an emerging growth company until the earliest of: 1. The last day of the fiscal year of the issuer during which it had total annual gross revenues of $200,000,000 (as such amount is indexed for inflation every 5 years by the Commission to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, setting the threshold to the nearest 1,000,000) or more; 2. The last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities of the issuer pursuant to an effective IPO registration statement; 3. The date on which such issuer has, during the previous 3-year period, issued more than $200,000,000 in non-convertible debt; or 4. The date on which such issuer is deemed to be a ‘large accelerated filer’, as defined in section 240.12b-2 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto. As an emerging growth company we are exempt from Section 404(b) of Sarbanes Oxley. Section 404(a) requires Issuers to publish information in their annual reports concerning the scope and adequacy of the internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting. This statement shall also assess the effectiveness of such internal controls and procedures. Section 404(b) requires that the registered accounting firm shall, in the same report, attest to and report on the assessment and the effectiveness of the internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting. As an emerging growth company we are also exempt from Section 14A (a) and (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which require the shareholder approval of executive compensation and golden parachutes. These exemptions are also available to us as a Smaller Reporting Company. We have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(2) of the Jobs Act, that allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 9 Summary Financial Information Because this is only a financial summary, it does not contain all the financial information that may be important to you. Therefore, you should carefully read all the information in this prospectus, including the financial statements and their explanatory notes before making an investment decision. RUROO GAMES, INC. STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS Quarter ended March 31, 2017 Quarter ended March, 31, 2016 Year ended December 31, 2016 From Dec 31, 2015 to June 29, 2016 $ $ $ $ Revenue - - - - Operating expenses: 1,934 751 11,471 1,310 Total operating expenses 1,934 751 11,471 1,310 Net loss (1,934) (751) (11,471) 1,310 Net loss per common share - basic and diluted: (0.00010) (0.00004) (0.00057) (0.00007) Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders (0.00010) (0.00004) (0.00057) (0.00007) Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding 20,000,000 20,000,000 20,000,000 20,000,000 Where You Can Find Additional Information We have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement on Form S-1. For further information about us and the shares of common stock to be sold in the offering, please refer to the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules thereto. The registration statement and exhibits may be inspected, without charge, and copies may be obtained at prescribed rates, at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F St., N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The registration statement and other information filed with the SEC are also available at the web site maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. 10 RISK FACTORS In addition to other information provided in this prospectus, you should carefully consider the following risk factors in evaluating our business before purchasing any of our common stock. All material risks are discussed in this section. Risks Related to Our Company Our having generated no revenues from operations makes it difficult for us to evaluate our future business prospects and make decisions based on those estimates of our future performance. As of March 31, 2017 we have generated no revenues and incurred a loss of ($53,430). As a consequence, it is difficult, if not impossible, to forecast our future results based upon our historical data. Because of the related uncertainties, we may be hindered in our ability to anticipate and timely adapt to increases or decreases in revenues and expenses. If we make poor budgetary decisions as a result of unreliable data, we may never become profitable or incur losses, which may result in a decline in our stock price. Our auditor has indicated in its report that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern as a result of our lack of revenues and if we are unable to generate significant revenue or secure financing we may be required to cease or curtail our operations. Our auditor has indicated in its report that our lack of revenues raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. If we are unable to generate significant revenue or secure financing we may be required to cease or curtail our operations. Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws limit the liability of, and provide indemnification for, our officers and directors. Our Certificate of Incorporation, generally limits our officers’ and directors’ personal liability to the Company and its stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty as an officer or director except for breach of the duty of loyalty or acts or omissions not made in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law. Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, provide indemnification for our officers and directors to the fullest extent authorized by the Wyoming General Corporation Law against all expense, liability, and loss, including attorney's fees, judgments, fines excise taxes or penalties and amounts to be paid in settlement reasonably incurred or suffered by an officer or director in connection with any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil or criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a “Proceeding") to which the officer or director is made a party or is threatened to be made a party, or in which the officer or director is involved by reason of the fact that he is or was an officer or director of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company whether the basis of the Proceeding is an alleged action in an official capacity as an officer or director, or in any other capacity while serving as an officer or director. Thus, the Company may be prevented from recovering damages for certain alleged errors or omissions by the officers and directors for liabilities incurred in connection with their good faith acts for the Company. Such an indemnification payment might deplete the Company's assets. Stockholders who have questions regarding the fiduciary obligations of the officers and directors of the Company should consult with independent legal counsel. It is the position of the Securities and Exchange Commission that exculpation from and indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder is against public policy and therefore unenforceable. We are dependent on the sale of our securities to fund our operations . We are dependent on the sale of our securities to fund our operations, and will remain so until we generate sufficient revenues to pay for our operating costs. Our officers and directors have made no written commitments with respect to providing a source of liquidity in the form of cash advances, loans and/or financial guarantees. There can be no guarantee that we will be able to successfully sell our equity or debt securities. 11 The Company may not be able to attain profitability without additional funding, which may be unavailable. The Company has limited capital resources. Unless the Company begins to generate sufficient revenues to finance operations as a going concern, the Company may experience liquidity and solvency problems. Such liquidity and solvency problems may force the Company to cease operations if additional financing is not available. No known alternative resources of funds are available in the event we do not generate sufficient funds from operations. We expect to continue to generate operating losses and experience negative cash flow and it is uncertain whether we will achieve future profitability We expect to continue to incur operating losses until such time, if ever, as we are able to achieve sufficient levels of revenue from operations. Our ability to commence revenue operations and achieve profitability will depend on our products functioning as intended, the market acceptance of our products and our capacity to develop, introduce and bring additional products to market. There can be no assurance that we will ever generate sales or achieve profitability. Accordingly, the extent of future losses and the time required to achieve profitability, if ever, cannot be predicted at this point. Expenses required to operate as a public company will reduce funds available to develop our business and could negatively affect our stock price and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. Operating as a public company is more expensive than operating as a private company, including additional funds required to obtain outside assistance from legal, accounting, investor relations, or other professionals that could be more costly than planned. We may also be required to hire additional staff to comply with additional SEC reporting requirements. We anticipate that the cost of SEC reporting will be approximately $25,000 annually. Our failure to comply with reporting requirements and other provisions of securities laws could negatively affect our stock price and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. If we fail to meet these requirements, we will be unable to secure a qualification for quotation of our securities on the OTC Bulletin Board, or, if we have secured a qualification, we may lose the qualification and our securities would no longer trade on the OTC Bulletin Board. Further, if we fail to meet these obligations and consequently fail to satisfy our SEC reporting obligations, investors will then own stock in a company that does not provide the disclosure available in quarterly, annual reports and other required SEC reports that would be otherwise publicly available leading to increased difficulty in selling their stock due to our becoming a non-reporting issuer. Our lack of history makes evaluating our business difficult. We have a limited operating history and we may not sustain profitability in the future. To sustain profitability, we must: - compete with larger, more established competitors in the online and mobile gaming industry; - build, maintain, and enhance our portfolio of online and mobile games as well as our overall brand recognition; and - adapt to meet changes in our markets and competitive developments. We may not be successful in accomplishing these objectives. Further, our lack of operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects. Our prospects must be considered in light of the risks, uncertainties, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stages of development, particularly companies in highly competitive industries. The historical information in this report may not be indicative of our future financial condition and future performance. Risks Related to Our Business 12 The markets in which we operate are highly competitive and many of our competitors have significantly greater resources than we do. Developing or enhancing development of, distributing, and selling mobile games is a highly competitive business marked by continuous introductions of new products as well as rapidly emerging platforms, technologies, and digital storefronts. For players, we will compete primarily on the basis of game quality, brand, and customer reviews. We compete for promotional and storefront placements based on these factors, as well as our relationship with the digital storefront owner, historical performance, perception of sales potential, and relationships with our core consumers and industry participants. For content and brand licensors, we compete based on royalty and other economic terms, perceptions of development quality, porting abilities, speed of execution, distribution breadth and relationships with storefront owners. We also compete for experienced and talented employees and consultants. We compete with a continually increasing number of public companies, including Activision, DeNA, Disney, Electronic Arts (EA Mobile), Gameloft, GREE, GungHo Online Entertainment, King Digital Entertainment, Nexon, Warner Brothers, and Zynga and many well-funded private companies, including Kabam, Machine Zone, Rovio, Storm 8/Team Lava, and Supercell. In addition, we face competition from online game developers and distributors who are primarily focused on specific international markets. We could also face increased competition if those companies choose to compete more directly in the United States or the other markets that are significant to us or if large companies with significant online presences such as Apple, Google, Amazon, Facebook or Yahoo, choose to enter or expand into the game space or develop competing platforms. In addition, given the open nature of the development and distribution for smartphones and tablets and the relatively low barriers to entry, we also compete or will compete with a vast number of small companies and individuals who are able to create and launch games and other content for these devices using relatively limited resources and with relatively limited start-up time or expertise. The proliferation of titles in these open developer channels makes it difficult for us to differentiate ourselves from other developers and to compete for players without substantially increasing our marketing expenses and development costs. Some of our potential competitors have one or more advantages over us, either globally or in particular geographic markets, which include: • significantly greater financial resources; • stronger brand and consumer recognition regionally or worldwide; • greater experience and effectiveness integrating community features into their games and increasing the revenues derived from their users through social gamification; • the capacity to leverage their marketing expenditures across a broader portfolio of mobile and non-mobile products; • larger installed user bases from their existing games; • larger installed user bases from related platforms, such as console gaming or social networking websites, to which they can market and sell mobile, web, and other platform games; • more substantial intellectual property of their own from which they can develop games without having to pay royalties; • lower labor and development costs and better overall economies of scale; • greater platform-specific focus, experience and expertise; and • broader global distribution and presence. If we are unable to compete effectively or we are not as successful as our competitors in our target markets, our sales could decline, our margins could decline and we could lose market share, any of which would materially harm our business, operating results and financial condition. We have no live games or revenue, and we must launch and enhance games that attract and retain a significant number of paying players in order to grow our revenue. 13 We are a recently formed company and have not commenced significant revenue producing operations to date. Our games have not yet been launched. We expect to launch several titles in the next year, in most cases in partnership with other game companies, and expect a small number of games to represent most of our projected revenue. Our growth depends on our ability to consistently launch new games that achieve significant popularity. Each of our games requires significant engineering, marketing and other resources to develop, launch and sustain via regular upgrades and expansions. Our ability to successfully launch, sustain and expand games and attract and retain paying players largely depends on our ability to: • anticipate and effectively respond to changing game player interests and preferences; • anticipate or respond to changes in the competitive landscape; • attract, retain and motivate talented game designers, product managers and engineers; • develop, sustain and expand games that are fun, interesting and compelling to play and on which players want to spend money; • effectively market new games and enhancements to our existing players and new players; • minimize launch delays and cost overruns on new games and game expansions; • minimize downtime and other technical difficulties; and • acquire high quality assets, personnel and companies. It is difficult to consistently anticipate player demand on a large scale, particularly as we develop new games in new genres or new markets. If we do not successfully launch games that attract and retain a significant number of paying players and extend the life of our existing games, our market share, reputation and financial results will be harmed. Technology changes rapidly in the mobile gaming industry and if we fail to anticipate or successfully implement new technologies into our games our revenues will be negatively impacted. Rapid technology changes in the mobile game industry will require us to anticipate, sometimes years in advance, which technologies we will implement and develop in order to be competitive. We must start our product development with a range of technical development goals that we hope to be able to achieve. We may not be able to achieve these goals, or our competition may be able to achieve them more quickly and effectively than we can. In either case, our products and services may be technologically inferior to our competitors’, less appealing to consumers, or both. If we cannot achieve our technology goals within the original development schedule of our products and services, then we may delay their release until these technology goals can be achieved, which may delay or reduce revenue and increase our development expenses. Alternatively, we may increase the resources employed in research and development in an attempt to accelerate our development of new technologies, either to preserve our product or service launch schedule or to keep up with our competition, which would increase our development expenses. Any such failure to adapt to, and appropriately allocate resources among, emerging technologies would harm our competitive position, and negatively impact our revenues. Our business depends on our ability to continue to attract new and retain existing users. Our success depends on our ability to attract new and retain existing users. In order to attract and retain users and compete against our competitors, we must continue to invest significant resources in research and development to improve our existing products, introduce additional high-quality products and services and enhance user experience. We may not be able to expand or maintain our user base if our products and services do not meet the needs of our users or are not effectively or timely marketed. We cannot guarantee that our mobile games will continue to sustain 14 their current level of popularity, and our users may lose interest in our games over time despite our efforts to improve and upgrade our mobile games. If we are not able to maintain or extend the commercial lifespan of our mobile games, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. Also, if we are unable to anticipate user preferences or industry changes to market and promote new products and services, or if we are unable to modify our products and services on a timely basis, our user base may not increase at the rate we anticipate, or at all, and it may even decrease. Users may not choose our products if our technology is unreliable. Also, we have from time to time received user complaints with regards to fee collection and technical problems, among others. If we are unable to address these and other complaints in a timely manner, we may lose existing users and become unable to attract new users. Further, many of our new games, especially mobile social games, require significant build-up periods during which users are first introduced to the games and the rise in popularity of some games can be slow, if it happens at all. If a build-up period coincides with the inevitable phasing-out period of our older games, the result could be a decrease in the number of total paying user accounts or total subscriptions as well as revenue during that period. Our players may decide to select competing forms of entertainment instead of playing our games. We also face competition for the leisure time, attention and discretionary spending of our players. Other forms of leisure time activities, such as offline, traditional online, personal computer and console games, television, movies, sports, and the Internet, are much larger and more well-established options for consumers. In addition, competition for the attention of players on their mobile devices is intense, as the number of apps on mobile devices is increasing dramatically. If our players do not find our games to be compelling or if other leisure time activities are perceived by our players to offer greater variety, affordability, interactivity and overall enjoyment, our business could be materially and adversely affected. Undetected programming errors or flaws in our mobile game products could harm our reputation or decrease market acceptance of our products. Our games may be subject to frequent improvements and updates and may contain errors or flaws that may become apparent only after the updated applications are accessed by users, particularly as we launch new updates under tight time constraints. From time to time, our users may inform us of programming flaws affecting their experience, and we are generally able to resolve such flaws promptly. However, if for any reason, programming errors or flaws are not resolved in a timely fashion, we may lose some of our users and our revenues will be affected negatively, and our reputation and market acceptance of our mobile games may also be harmed. Network interruptions caused by system failures or other internal or external factors may lead to player attrition and revenue reduction and harm our business and reputation. Any failure to maintain the satisfactory performance, reliability, security and availability of our network and computer infrastructure may cause significant harm to our reputation and our ability to attract and maintain players. We may experience server interruptions lasting from several minutes to multiple hours. Any server interruptions, break-downs or system failures, including failures which may be attributable to events within or outside our control that could result in a sustained shutdown of all or a material portion of our services, could adversely impact our ability to service our players and lead to player attrition and revenue reduction. Our network systems may also be vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, fire, flood, earthquake, power loss, telecommunications failures, and computer hacking or similar events. The growth of our business may be adversely affected due to breaches of our security measures and unintended disclosures of our intellectual property or our customer data. As we may conduct a significant amount of our business on mobile handsets, we are collecting and storing an increasing amount of customer data. We will rely on encryption and authentication technology to provide the security and authentication necessary to effect secure transmission of confidential user information, such as user name and 15 password. It is possible that our security controls over customer data may not prevent the improper disclosure of personally identifiable information. A party who is able to circumvent these security measures could misappropriate proprietary information or cause interruptions in our operations. A security breach that leads to disclosure of customer account information (including mobile numbers or other personally identifiable information) could harm our reputation and subject us to liability under laws that protect personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenue. We may be required to expend significant capital and other resources to prevent such security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by such breaches. We may also lose customers or potential customers for our mobile or web games that require the collection of customer data because of the perception that we cannot adequately protect our customers' privacy. There can be no assurance that our security measures will prevent security breaches or the users' interest in playing mobile games would continue if malware spreads its attacks on the mobile phones. Failure to prevent security breaches or users' concerns over development of mobile phone malware may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Apple’s requirement that beginning February 1, 2015 all new applications, and beginning June 1, 2015 all updates to existing applications, submitted to the Apple App Store must include 64-bit support and be built with the iOS 8 software development kit, could harm our business. If we develop a mobile game that is incompatible with Apple’s requirement, we may have to expend more resources to update and port such an acquisition. In the fourth quarter of 2014, Apple informed developers that beginning on February 1, 2015 all new applications, and beginning June 1, 2015 all updates to existing applications, submitted to the Apple App Store must include 64-bit support and be built with the iOS 8 software development kit. If we fail to implement 64-bit support for any games or assets that we intend to launch, it would negatively impact our revenues in 2015 and potentially beyond. In addition, due to the expense involved in supporting 64-bit development, we may have difficulty in locating and acquiring compatible assets to add to our portfolio, which will adversely affect revenues more quickly than they otherwise would have. Furthermore, building our games to support 64-bit development will increase the file size of our games, which could reduce the number of downloads of these games, particularly if we are unable to keep the size of the games below 100 megabytes, which is the maximum file size that can currently be downloaded over any carrier’s wireless network. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brand, our business could be materially adversely affected . We believe that broad brand recognition and a favorable consumer perception of our brand identity and website are essential to our future success. Accordingly, we intend to initiate a substantial advertising and marketing campaign to establish our brand. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brand, incur significant expenses in promoting our brand and fail to generate a corresponding increase in revenue as a result of our branding efforts, or encounter legal obstacles which prevent our continued use of our brand name, our business could be materially adversely affected. In addition, even if brand identity and website recognition increases, the number of new customers or the number of sales or average dollars per sale may not necessarily increase, which could negatively affect our financial performance. We must complete the development of our website and continually improve the responsiveness, functionality and features of our platform and services in order to maintain our community base. We may not succeed in developing features, functions, products or services that end-consumers find attractive. This could reduce the number potential buyers using our website, which may materially and adversely affect our business and your investment. Significant economic downturns or any future changes in consumer spending habits could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Demand for our products is affected by general global economic conditions. When economic conditions are favorable and base or discretionary income increases, purchases of non-essential items such as our products increase. When economic conditions are less favorable, sales of non-essential items are generally lower. In addition, we may experience more competitive pricing pressure during economic downturns. Therefore, any significant economic 16 downturn or any future changes in consumer spending habits could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Because we have a limited history of operations we may not be able to successfully implement our business plan. As a development stage company, we have less than one year of operational history in our industry. Accordingly, our operations are subject to the risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including access to capital, successful implementation of our business plan, and limited revenue from operations. We cannot assure you that our intended activities or plan of operation will be successful or result in revenue or profit to us and any failure to implement our business plan may have a material adverse effect on the business of the Company. If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our business, brand and reputation, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. We may experience a rapid growth in operations, which may place significant demands on our management team and our operational and financial infrastructure. As we continue to grow, we must effectively identify, integrate, develop and motivate new employees, and maintain the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture. To attract top talent, we believe we will have to offer attractive compensation packages. The risks of over-hiring or over compensating and the challenges of integrating a rapidly growing employee base may impact profitability. Additionally, if we do not effectively manage our growth, the quality of our product offerings could suffer, which could adversely affect our business, brand and reputation, results of operations and financial condition. If operational, technology and infrastructure improvements are not implemented successfully, our ability to manage our growth will be impaired and we may have to make significant additional expenditures to address these issues. To effectively manage our growth, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls and our reporting systems and procedures. This will require that we refine our information technology systems to maintain effective online services and enhance information and communication systems to ensure that our employees effectively communicate with each other and our growing base of customers. These system enhancements and improvements will require significant incremental and ongoing capital expenditures and allocation of valuable management and employee resources. If we fail to implement these improvements and maintenance programs effectively, our ability to manage our expected growth and comply with the rules and regulations that are applicable to publicly reporting companies will be impaired and we may incur additional expenses. We depend heavily on key personnel, and turnover of key senior management could harm our business. Our future business and results of operations depend, in significant part, upon the continued contributions of our Chief Executive Officer. If we lose his services or if he fails to perform in his current position, or if we are not able to attract and retain skilled employees as needed, our business could suffer. Significant turnover in our senior management could significantly deplete our institutional knowledge held by our existing senior management. We depend on the skills and abilities of this key employee in managing the product development, marketing and sales aspects of our business, any part of which could be harmed by such a turnover in the future and directly harm our business . Our management has not had experience in managing the day to day operations of a public company and, as a result, we may incur additional expenses associated with the management of our company. Our Chief Executive Officer, Tim Remple, is responsible for the operations and reporting of our company. The requirements of operating as a small public company are new to our management. This may require us to obtain outside assistance from legal, accounting, investor relations, or other professionals that could be more costly than planned. We may also be required to hire additional staff to comply with additional SEC reporting requirements. We anticipate that the costs associated with SEC requirements associated with going and staying public are estimated to be approximately $25,000 in connection with this registration statement and thereafter $25,000 annually. If we lack 17 cash resources to cover these costs in the future, our failure to comply with reporting requirements and other provisions of securities laws could negatively affect our stock price and adversely affect our potential results of operations, cash flow and financial condition after we commence operations. Our future results and reputation may be affected by litigation or other liability claims. We have not procured a general liability insurance policy for our business. To the extent that we suffer a loss of a type which would normally be covered by general liability, we would incur significant expenses in defending any action against us and in paying any claims that result from a settlement or judgment against us. Adverse publicity could result in a loss of consumer confidence in our business or our securities. Our business is subject to increasing governmental regulation. If we do not successfully respond to these regulations, our business may suffer. We are subject to a number of domestic and foreign laws and regulations that affect our business. Not only are these laws constantly evolving, which could result in their being interpreted in ways that could harm our business, but legislation is also continually being introduced that may affect both the content of our products and their distribution. In the United States, for example, numerous federal and state laws have been introduced which attempt to restrict the content or distribution of games. Legislation has been adopted in several states, and proposed at the federal level, that prohibits the sale of certain games to minors. If such legislation is adopted, it could harm our business by limiting the games we are able to offer to our customers or by limiting the size of the potential market for our games. We may also be required to modify certain games or alter our marketing strategies to comply with new and possibly inconsistent regulations, which could be costly or delay the release of our games. In particular, free-to-play games have been subject to such legislation and public policy concerns already. For example, the United Kingdom’s Office of Fair Trading issued new principles in January 2014 relating to in-app purchases in free-to-play games that are directed towards children 16 and under, which principles became effective in April 2014. In response to a request made by the European Commission, Google has announced that it will no longer label free-to-play games as free in European Union countries. Similarly, in the fourth quarter of 2014, Apple changed its label for free-to-download applications from “FREE” to “GET” in the Apple App Store. The Federal Trade Commission has also indicated that it intends to review issues related to in-app purchases, particularly with respect to games that are marketed primarily to minors; the Federal Trade Commission recently reached settlement agreements with Apple and Google on this subject. If the Federal Trade Commission issues rules significantly restricting or even prohibiting in-app purchases, it would significantly impact our business strategy. Furthermore, the growth and development of free-to-play gaming and the sale of virtual goods may prompt calls for more stringent consumer protection laws that may impose additional burdens on companies such as ours. We anticipate that scrutiny and regulation of this industry will increase and that we will be required to devote resources to addressing such regulation. For example, existing laws or new laws regarding the regulation of currency and banking institutions may be interpreted to cover virtual currency or goods. If that were to occur we may be required to seek licenses, authorizations or approvals from relevant regulators, the granting of which may depend on us meeting certain capital and other requirements which could significantly increase our operating costs. Finally, because our services may be available worldwide, certain foreign jurisdictions and others may claim that we are required to comply with their laws, including in jurisdictions where we have no local entity, employees or infrastructure. We may be subject to regulatory inquiries, claims, suits prosecutions which may impact our profitability. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with applicable laws and regulations, in general, may subject us to regulatory inquiries, claims, suits and prosecutions. We can give no assurance that we will prevail in such regulatory inquiries, claims, suits and prosecutions on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Responding to, defending and/or settling regulatory inquiries, claims, suits and prosecutions may be time-consuming and divert management and financial resources or have other adverse effects on our business. A negative outcome in any of these proceedings may 18 result in changes to or discontinuance of some of our services, potential liabilities or additional costs that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects. We could be required to cease certain activities and/or incur substantial costs as a result of any claim of infringement of another party’s intellectual property rights. Some of our competitors may own patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets or other intellectual property rights, which they may use to assert claims against us. In recent years, there has been significant litigation in the United States involving patents, copyright and other intellectual property rights. Companies in the internet and technology industries are increasingly bringing and becoming subject to suits alleging infringement of proprietary rights. As we continue to be successful, maintain a high profile, face increasing competition and as litigation becomes a more common way to resolve disputes, we face a higher risk of being the target of intellectual property infringement claims. Although we have not been subject to successful claims or lawsuits against us in the past, we cannot assure you that we will not become in the future, subject to claims that we have misappropriated or misused other parties’ intellectual property rights or successful in our defense against such claims. If we are sued by a third party that claims that our technology infringes its rights, the litigation (with or without merit) could be expensive and could divert our management resources. The results of any intellectual property litigation to which we might become a party may require us to do one or more of the following: • cease making, selling, offering for sale or using technologies that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; • make substantial payments for legal fees, settlement payments or other costs or damages; • obtain a license, which may not be available on reasonable terms, to sell or use the relevant technology; or • redesign technology to avoid infringement. If we are required to make substantial payments or undertake any of the other actions noted above as a result of any intellectual property infringement claims against us, such payments or costs could have a material adverse effect upon our business and financial results. The laws and regulations concerning data privacy and data security are continually evolving, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with these laws and regulations could harm our business. We are and will be subject to federal, state and foreign laws regarding privacy and the protection of the information that we collect regarding our users, which laws are currently in a state of flux and likely to remain so for the foreseeable future. The U.S. government, including the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Commerce, is continuing to review the need for greater regulation over collecting information concerning consumer behavior on the Internet and on mobile devices. Various government and consumer agencies have also called for new regulation and changes in industry practices. If we do not follow existing laws and regulations, as well as the rules of the smartphone platform operators, with respect to privacy-related matters, or if consumers raise any concerns about our privacy practices, even if unfounded, it could damage our reputation and operating results. All of potential games or software programs we choose to acquire will likely be subject to our privacy policy and a terms of service. If we fail to comply with a posted privacy policy, terms of service or privacy-related laws and regulations, including with respect to the information we collect from users of our games, it could result in proceedings against us by governmental authorities or others, which could harm our business. In addition, interpreting and applying data protection laws to the mobile gaming industry is often unclear. These laws may be interpreted and applied in conflicting ways from state to state, country to country, or region to region, and in a manner that is not consistent with our current data protection practices. Complying with these varying requirements could cause us to incur additional costs and change our business practices. Further, if we fail to adequately protect our users’ privacy and data, it could result in a loss of player confidence in our services and ultimately in a loss of users, which could adversely affect our business. In the 19 area of information security and data protection, many states have passed laws requiring notification to users when there is a security breach for personal data, such as the 2002 amendment to California’s Information Practices Act, or requiring the adoption of minimum information security standards that are often vaguely defined and difficult to implement. Costs to comply with these laws may increase as a result of changes in interpretation. Furthermore, any failure on our part to comply with these laws may subject us to significant liabilities. Security measures that we put in place to protect our data and the personal information of our employees, customers and partners could be breached due to cyber-attacks initiated by third party hackers, employee error or malfeasance, or otherwise. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, to disable or degrade service or to sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. Any breach or unauthorized access could materially interfere with our operations or our ability to offer our services or result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation and a loss of confidence in the security of our data, which could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. We may be liable if third parties misappropriate our customers' personal information. If third parties are able to penetrate our network security or otherwise misappropriate our customers' personal information or credit card information, or if we give third parties improper access to our customers' personal information or credit card information, we could be subject to liability. This liability could include claims for unauthorized purchases with credit card information, impersonation or other similar fraud claims. This liability could also include claims for other misuses of personal information, including unauthorized marketing purposes. These claims could result in litigation. Liability for misappropriation of this information could adversely affect our business. In addition, the Federal Trade Commission and state agencies have been investigating various Internet companies regarding their use of personal information. We could incur additional expenses if new regulations regarding the use of personal information are introduced or if government agencies investigate our privacy practices. We rely on encryption and authentication technology licensed from third parties to provide the security and authentication necessary to effect secure transmission of confidential information such as customer credit card numbers. We cannot assure you that advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other events or developments will not result in a compromise or breach of the algorithms that we use to protect customer transaction data. If any such compromise of our security were to occur, it could harm our reputation, business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. A party who is able to circumvent our security measures could misappropriate proprietary information or cause interruptions in our operations. We may be required to expend significant capital and other resources to protect against such security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by such breaches. We cannot assure you that our security measures will prevent security breaches or that failure to prevent such security breaches will not harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. If we fail to maintain and enhance our capabilities for porting games to a broad array of mobile devices, particularly those running the Android operating system, our revenues and financial results could suffer. We may derive revenue from the sale of virtual goods within our games for smartphones and tablets that run Apple’s iOS or Google’s Android operating system. Unlike the Apple ecosystem in which Apple controls both the device (iPhone, iPod Touch and iPad) and the storefront (Apple’s App Store), the Android ecosystem is highly fragmented since a large number of OEMs manufacture and sell Android-based devices that run a variety of versions of the Android operating system, and there are many Android-based storefronts in addition to the Google Play Store. For us to sell our games to the widest possible audience of Android users, we must comport our games to a significant portion of the more than 1,000 Android-based devices that are commercially available, many of which have different technical requirements. Since the number of Android-based smartphones and tablets shipped worldwide is growing significantly, it is important that we maintain and enhance our porting capabilities, which could require us to invest considerable resources in this area. These additional costs could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, we must continue to increase the efficiency of our porting processes or it may take us longer to port games to an equivalent number of devices, which would negatively impact our margins. If we fail to maintain or enhance our porting capabilities, our revenues and financial results could suffer. Risks Related to Our Common Stock 20 Due to the lack of a current public market for our stock, investors may have difficulty in selling stock they purchase. Prior to this Offering, no public trading market existed for the Company’s securities. There can be no assurance that a public trading market for the Company’s common stock will develop or that a public trading market, if develop, will be sustained. The common stock sold pursuant to this prospectus will be freely tradable, however will not be eligible for quotation on the Over the Counter Bulletin Board. We intend, upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, to engage a market maker to apply for quotation on the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board. There can be no assurance that a market maker will agree to file the necessary documents with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), which operates the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board; nor can there be any assurance that such an application for quotation will be approved. Thus, it is anticipated that there will be little or no market for the Shares until the Company is eligible to have its common stock quoted on the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board and as a result, an investor may find it difficult to dispose of any shares purchased hereunder. Because there is none and may be no public market for the Company’s stock, the Company may not be able to secure future equity financing which would have a material adverse effect on the Company. Furthermore, when and if the Company’s common stock is eligible for quotation on the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board, there can also be no assurance as to the depth or liquidity of any market for the common stock or the prices at which holders may be able to sell the shares. As a result, investors could find it more difficult to trade, or to obtain accurate quotations of the market value of, the stock as compared to securities that are traded on the NASDAQ trading market or on an exchange. Moreover, an investor may find it difficult to dispose of any Shares purchased hereunder. Investors may have difficulty in reselling their shares due to the lack of market or state Blue Sky laws. Our common stock is currently not quoted on any market. No market may ever develop for our common stock, or if developed, may not be sustained in the future. The holders of our shares of common stock and persons who desire to purchase them in any trading market that might develop in the future should be aware that there may be significant state law restrictions upon the ability of investors to resell our shares. Accordingly, even if we are successful in having the Shares available for trading on the OTCBB, investors should consider any secondary market for the Company's securities to be a limited one. We intend to seek coverage and publication of information regarding the company in an accepted publication which permits a "manual exemption." This manual exemption permits a security to be distributed in a particular state without being registered if the company issuing the security has a listing for that security in a securities manual recognized by the state. However, it is not enough for the security to be listed in a recognized manual. The listing entry must contain (1) the names of issuers, officers, and directors, (2) an issuer's balance sheet, and (3) a profit and loss statement for either the fiscal year preceding the balance sheet or for the most recent fiscal year of operations. We may not be able to secure a listing containing all of this information. Furthermore, the manual exemption is a non-issuer exemption restricted to secondary trading transactions, making it unavailable for issuers selling newly issued securities. Most of the accepted manuals are those published in Standard and Poor's, Moody's Investor Service, Fitch's Investment Service, and Best's Insurance Reports, and many states expressly recognize these manuals. A smaller number of states declare that they “recognize securities manuals” but do not specify the recognized manuals. The following states do not have any provisions and therefore do not expressly recognize the manual exemption: Alabama, Georgia, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana, Montana, South Dakota, Tennessee, Vermont and Wisconsin. Accordingly, our shares should be considered totally illiquid, which inhibits investors’ ability to resell their shares. We will be subject to penny stock regulations and restrictions and you may have difficulty selling shares of our common stock. 21 The SEC has adopted regulations which generally define so-called “penny stocks” to be an equity security that has a market price less than $5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exemptions. We anticipate that our common stock will become a “penny stock”, and we will become subject to Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act, or the “Penny Stock Rule”. This rule imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that sell such securities to persons other than established customers. For transactions covered by Rule 15g-9, a broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and have received the purchaser’s written consent to the transaction prior to sale. As a result, this rule may affect the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and may affect the ability of purchasers to sell any of our securities in the secondary market. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require delivery, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, of a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. Disclosure is also required to be made about sales commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally, monthly statements are required to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stock. We do not anticipate that our common stock will qualify for exemption from the Penny Stock Rule. In any event, even if our common stock were exempt from the Penny Stock Rule, we would remain subject to Section 15(b)(6) of the Exchange Act, which gives the SEC the authority to restrict any person from participating in a distribution of penny stock, if the SEC finds that such a restriction would be in the public interest. Because we are a “shell company” the holders of our restricted securities will not be able to sell their securities in reliance on Rule 144 and we cannot file registration statements under Section 5 of the Securities Act using a Form S-8, until we cease being a “shell company” We are a “shell company” as that term is defined by the applicable federal securities laws. Specifically, because of the nature and amount of our assets and our very limited operations, pursuant to applicable federal rules, we are considered a “shell company” . Applicable provisions of Rule 144 specify that during that time that we are a “shell company” and for a period of one year thereafter, holders of our restricted securities can not sell those securities in reliance on Rule 144. This restriction may have potential adverse effects on future efforts to form additional capital through unregistered offerings. Another implication of us being a shell company is that we cannot file registration statements under Section 5 of the Securities Act using a Form S-8, a short form of registration to register securities issued to employees and consultants under an employee benefit plan. As result, one year after we cease being a shell company, assuming we are current in our reporting requirements with the Securities and Exchange Commission and have filed current “Form 10 information” with the SEC reflecting our status as an entity that is no longer a shell company for a period of not less than 12 months, holders of our restricted securities may then sell those securities in reliance on Rule 144 (provided, however, those holders satisfy all of the applicable requirements of that rule). For us to cease being a “shell company” we must have more than nominal operations and more that nominal assets or assets which do not consist solely of cash or cash equivalents. Shares purchased in this offering, which will be immediately resalable, and sales of all of our other shares if and when applicable restrictions against resale expire, could have a depressive effect on the market price, if any, of our common stock and the shares we are offering. Sales of our common stock under Rule 144 could reduce the price of our stock. There are zero (0) shares of our common stock held by non-affiliates and 51,000,000 shares held by affiliates that Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933 defines as restricted securities. 5,000,000 newly issued shares may be registered in this offering, however, all of the remaining shares will still be subject to the resale restrictions of Rule 144. 5,000,000 newly issued shares are being registered in this offering, however all of the remaining shares will still be subject to the resale restrictions of Rule 144, should we hereinafter cease being deemed a “shell company”. In general, persons holding restricted securities, including affiliates, must hold their shares for a period of at least six months, may not sell more than one percent of the total issued and outstanding shares in any 90-day period, and must resell the shares in an unsolicited brokerage transaction at the market price. The availability for sale of substantial amounts of common stock under Rule 144 could reduce prevailing market prices for our securities. 22 Because we do not have an audit or compensation committee, shareholders will have to rely on the entire board of directors, none of which are independent, to perform these functions. We do not have an audit or compensation committee comprised of independent directors. Indeed, we do not have any audit or compensation committee. These functions are performed by the board of directors as a whole. No members of the board of directors are independent directors. Thus, there is a potential conflict in that board members who are also part of management will participate in discussions concerning management compensation and audit issues that may affect management decisions. Our Chief Executive Officer and Director owns a significant percentage of our outstanding voting securities which could reduce the ability of minority shareholders to effect certain corporate actions . Our Chief Executive Officer and Director, Tim Remple, owns all of our outstanding voting securities. As a result, currently, and after the offering, he will possess a significant influence and can elect a majority of our board of directors and authorize or prevent proposed significant corporate transactions. Their ownership and control may also have the effect of delaying or preventing a future change in control, impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination or discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer. There may not be funds available for net income because our Chief Executive Officer and Director maintains significant control and can determine his own salary and perquisites. Our Chief Executive Officer and Director Tim Remple, owns all of our outstanding voting securities. As a result, there may not be funds available for net income because he maintains significant control and can determine his own salary and perquisites. We may, in the future, issue additional shares of common stock, which would reduce investors’ percent of ownership and may dilute our share value. Our Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance of 100,000,000 shares of common stock. As of the date of this prospectus the Company had 20,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding. Accordingly, we may issue up to an additional 80,000,000 shares of common stock. The future issuance of common stock may result in substantial dilution in the percentage of our common stock held by our then existing shareholders. We may value any common stock issued in the future on an arbitrary basis. The issuance of common stock for future services or acquisitions or other corporate actions may have the effect of diluting the value of the shares held by our investors, and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for our common stock. We are subject to compliance with securities law, which exposes us to potential liabilities, including potential rescission rights. We may offer to sell our common stock to investors pursuant to certain exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as well as those of various state securities laws. The basis for relying on such exemptions is factual; that is, the applicability of such exemptions depends upon our conduct and that of those persons contacting prospective investors and making the offering. We may not seek any legal opinion to the effect that any such offering would be exempt from registration under any federal or state law. Instead, we may elect to relay upon the operative facts as the basis for such exemption, including information provided by investor themselves. If any such offering did not qualify for such exemption, an investor would have the right to rescind its purchase of the securities if it so desired. It is possible that if an investor should seek rescission, such investor would succeed. A similar situation prevails under state law in those states where the securities may be offered without registration in reliance on the partial preemption from the registration or qualification provisions of such state statutes under the National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996. If investors were successful in seeking rescission, we would face severe financial demands that could adversely affect our business and operations. Additionally, if we did not in fact qualify for the exemptions upon which it has relied, we may become subject to significant fines and penalties imposed by the SEC and state securities agencies. Anti-takeover effects of certain provisions of Wyoming state law hinder a potential takeover of the Company. 23 Though not now, we may be or in the future we may become subject to Wyoming’s control share law. A corporation is subject to Wyoming’s control share law if it has more than 200 stockholders, at least 100 of whom are stockholders of record and residents of Wyoming, and it does business in Wyoming or through an affiliated corporation. The law focuses on the acquisition of a “controlling interest” which means the ownership of outstanding voting shares sufficient, but for the control share law, to enable the acquiring person to exercise the following proportions of the voting power of the corporation in the election of directors: (i) one-fifth or more but less than one-third, (ii) one-third or more but less than a majority, or (iii) a majority or more. The ability to exercise such voting power may be direct or indirect, as well as individual or in association with others. The effect of the control share law is that the acquiring person, and those acting in association with it, obtains only such voting rights in the control shares as are conferred by a resolution of the stockholders of the corporation, approved at a special or annual meeting of stockholders. The control share law contemplates that voting rights will be considered only once by the other stockholders. Thus, there is no authority to strip voting rights from the control shares of an acquiring person once those rights have been approved. If the stockholders do not grant voting rights to the control shares acquired by an acquiring person, those shares do not become permanent non-voting shares. The acquiring person is free to sell its shares to others. If the buyers of those shares themselves do not acquire a controlling interest, their shares do not become governed by the control share law. If control shares are accorded full voting rights and the acquiring person has acquired control shares with a majority or more of the voting power, any stockholder of record, other than an acquiring person, who has not voted in favor of approval of voting rights is entitled to demand fair value for such stockholder’s shares. Wyoming’s control share law may have the effect of discouraging takeovers of the corporation. In addition to the control share law, Wyoming has a business combination law which prohibits certain business combinations between Wyoming corporations and “interested stockholders” for three years after the “interested stockholder” first becomes an “interested stockholder,” unless the corporation’s board of directors approves the combination in advance. For purposes of Wyoming law, an “interested stockholder” is any person who is (i) the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation, or (ii) an affiliate or associate of the corporation and at any time within the three previous years was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of the corporation. The definition of the term “business combination” is sufficiently broad to cover virtually any kind of transaction that would allow a potential acquiror to use the corporation’s assets to finance the acquisition or otherwise to benefit its own interests rather than the interests of the corporation and its other stockholders. The effect of Wyoming’s business combination law is to potentially discourage parties interested in taking control of the Company from doing so if it cannot obtain the approval of our board of directors. There is no current established trading market for our securities and if a trading market does not develop, purchasers of our securities may have difficulty selling their shares. There is currently no established public trading market for our securities and an active trading market in our securities may not develop or, if developed, may not be sustained. While we intend to seek a quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board, there can be no assurance that any such trading market will develop, and purchasers of the shares may have difficulty selling their common stock should they desire to do so. No market makers have committed to becoming market makers for our common stock and none may do so. Because we do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them. We intend to retain any future earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Unless we pay dividends, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them. There is no assurance that stockholders will be able to sell shares when desired. Opt-in right for emerging growth company We have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(2) of the Jobs Act, that allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a 24 result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company. As a company with less than $1.0 billion in revenue during its last fiscal year, we qualify as an "emerging growth company" as defined in the JOBS Act. For as long as a company is deemed to be an emerging growth company, it may take advantage of specified reduced reporting and other regulatory requirements that are generally unavailable to other public companies. These provisions include: - A requirement to have only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related Management's Discussion and Analysis included in an initial public offering registration statement; - an exemption to provide less than five years of selected financial data in an initial public offering registration statement; - an exemption from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of the emerging growth company's internal controls over financial reporting; - an exemption from the adoption of new or revised financial accounting standards until they would apply to private companies; - an exemption from compliance with any new requirements adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board requiring mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor's report in which the auditor would be required to provide additional information about the audit and the financial statements of the issuer; an - reduced disclosure about the emerging growth company's executive compensation arrangements An emerging growth company is also exempt from Section 404(b) of Sarbanes Oxley which requires that the registered accounting firm shall, in the same report, attest to and report on the assessment on the effectiveness of the internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting. Similarly, as a Smaller Reporting Company we are exempt from Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until such time as we cease being a Smaller Reporting Company. As an emerging growth company, we are exempt from Section 14A (a) and (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which require the shareholder approval of executive compensation and golden parachutes. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. We would cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest of: - the first fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of this offering, - the first fiscal year after our annual gross revenues are $1 billion or more, - the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt securities, or - as of the end of any fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded $700 million as of the end of the second quarter of that fiscal year. You may have limited access to information regarding our business because our obligations to file periodic reports with the SEC could be automatically suspended under certain circumstances. As of effectiveness of our registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, we will be required to file periodic 25 reports with the SEC which will be immediately available to the public for inspection and copying (see “Where You Can Find More Information” elsewhere in this prospectus). Except during the year that our registration statement becomes effective, these reporting obligations may (in our discretion) be automatically suspended under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act if we have less than 300 shareholders and do not file a registration statement on Form 8A. If this occurs after the year in which our registration statement becomes effective, we will no longer be obligated to file periodic reports with the SEC and your access to our business information would then be even more restricted. After this registration statement on Form S-1 becomes effective, we will be required to deliver periodic reports to security holders. However, we will not be required to furnish proxy statements to security holders and our directors, officers and principal beneficial owners will not be required to report their beneficial ownership of securities to the SEC pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. Previously, a company with more than 500 shareholders of record and $10 million in assets had to register under the Exchange Act. However, the JOBS Act raises the minimum shareholder threshold from 500 to either 2,000 persons or 500 persons who are not "accredited investors" (or 2,000 persons in the case of banks and bank holding companies). The JOBS Act excludes securities received by employees pursuant to employee stock incentive plans for purposes of calculating the shareholder threshold. This means that access to information regarding our business and operations will be limited. Upon effectiveness of this registration statement, we will be subject to the 15(d) reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which does not require a company to file all the same reports and information as fully reporting companies. Upon effectiveness of this registration statement, we will be subject to the 15(d) reporting requirements according to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. As a Section 15(d) filer, we will be required to file quarterly and annual reports during the fiscal year in which our registration statement is declared effective; however, such duty to file reports shall be suspended as to any fiscal year, other than the fiscal year within which such registration statement became effective, if, at the beginning of such fiscal year the securities of each class are held of record by less than 300 persons. In addition, as a filer subject to Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, we are not required to prepare proxy or information statements; our common stock will not be subject to the protection of the going private regulations; we will be subject to only limited portions of the tender offer rules; our officers, directors, and more than ten (10%) percent shareholders are not required to file beneficial ownership reports about their holdings in our company; that these persons will not be subject to the short-swing profit recovery provisions of the Exchange Act; and that more than five percent (5%) holders of classes of our equity securities will not be required to report information about their ownership positions in the securities. As such, shareholders will not have access to certain material information which would otherwise be required if it was a fully reporting company pursuant to an Exchange Act registration. If we are not required to continue filing reports under Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 in the future, for example because we have less than three hundred shareholders of record at the end of the first fiscal year in which this registration statement is declared effective, and we do not file a Registration Statement on Form 8-A, our common shares (if listed or quoted) would no longer be eligible for quotation, which could reduce the value of your investment. As a result of this offering as required under Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we will file periodic reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission as required under Section 15(d). However, if in the future we are not required to continue filing reports under Section 15(d), for example because we have less than three hundred shareholders of record at the end of the first fiscal year in which this registration statement is declared effective, and we do not file a Registration Statement on Form 8-A upon the occurrence of such an event, our common stock can no longer be quoted on the OTC Markets OTC Link, which could reduce the value of your investment. Of course, there is no guarantee that we will be able to meet the requirements to be able to cease filing reports under Section 15(d), in which case we will continue filing those reports in the years after the fiscal year in which this registration statement is declared effective. Filing a registration statement on Form 8-A will require us to continue to file quarterly and annual reports with the SEC and will also subject us to the proxy rules of the SEC. In addition, our officers, directors and 10% stockholders will be required to submit reports to the SEC on their stock ownership and stock trading activity. 26 USE OF PROCEEDS Our offering is being made on a self-underwritten basis: no minimum number of shares must be sold in order for the offering to proceed. The offering price per share is $0.20. The total offering amount is $1,000,000. We do not intend to employ any material amount of the contemplated offering to discharge any current or future indebtedness of the Company. Moreover, we do not intend to use any proceeds of the offering to acquire any significant assets of or acquire any entity. The following table sets forth the uses of proceeds assuming the sale of 25%, 50%, 75% and 100%, respectively, of the securities offered for sale by the Company. There is no guarantee that we will receive any proceeds from the offering. 25% of Offering Sold 50% of Offering Sold 75% of Offering Sold 100% of Offering Sold Offering Proceeds Shares Sold 1,250,000 2,500,000 3,750,000 5,000,000 Gross Proceeds $250,000 $500,000 $750,000 $1,000,000 Total Before Expenses $250,000 $500,000 $750,000 $1,000,000 Offering Expenses Legal & Accounting $21,500 $21,500 $21,500 $21,500 Publishing/EDGAR $2,000 $2,000 $2,000 $2,000 Transfer Agent $1,250 $1,750 $2,500 $3,500 SEC Filing Fee $101 $101 $101 $101 Total Offering Expenses $24,851 $25,351 $26,101 $27,101 Net Offering Proceeds $225,149 $474,649 $723,899 $972,899 Expenditures Legal & Accounting $35,000 $40,000 $45,000 $45,000 Office Lease & Equipment $35,000 $35,000 $35,000 $35,000 Administrative Expenses $20,000 $30,000 $40,000 $50,000 Application Development $100,000 $300,000 $400,000 $500,000 Marketing & Advertising $35,149 $69,649 $203,899 $342,889 Total Expenditures $225,149 $474,649 $723,899 $972,899 The above figures represent only estimated costs. This expected use of net proceeds from this offering represents our intentions based upon our current plans and business conditions. The amounts and timing of our actual expenditures may vary significantly depending on numerous factors, including the status of and results from operations. As a result, our management will retain broad discretion over the allocation of the net proceeds from this offering. We may find it necessary or advisable to use the net proceeds from this offering for other purposes, and we will have broad discretion in the application of net proceeds from this offering. Furthermore, we anticipate that we will need to secure additional funding for the fully implement our business plan. In the event we are not successful in selling all of the securities we would utilize any available funds raised in the following order of priority: - for general administrative expenses, including legal and accounting fees and administrative support expenses incurred in connection with our reporting obligations with the SEC; - for office lease expenses and office equipment; - for sales and marketing; 27 - for salaries for our Chief Executive Officer and the hiring of additional full-time employees; and - for consultants and developers’ salaries and wages. Our current corporate offices are located at 31878 Del Obispo Street, Suite 118-331, San Juan Capistrano, CA 92675. If we are able to raise sufficient capital through this offering, we will seek to lease a larger, dedicated space at no more than $3,000 per month. DETERMINATION OF THE OFFERING PRICE Our management has determined the offering price for the common shares being sold in this offering. The price of the shares we are offering was arbitrarily determined. The offering price bears no relationship whatsoever to our assets, earnings, book value or other criteria of value. The factors considered were: - Our status as a developmental stage, “startup” company; - Prevailing market conditions, including the history and prospects for the industry in which we compete; - Our forecasted future prospects; and - Our current capital structure. Therefore, the public offering price of the shares does not necessarily bear any relationship to established valuation criteria and may not be indicative of prices that may prevail at any time or from time to time in the public market for the common stock. You cannot be sure that a public market for any of our securities will develop and continue or that the securities will ever trade at a price at or higher than the offering price in this offering. Such offering price does not have any relationship to any established criteria of value, such as book value or earnings per share. Because we have no significant operating history, the price of our common stock is not based on past earnings, nor is the price of our common stock indicative of the current market value of the assets owned by us. No valuation or appraisal has been prepared for our business and potential business expansion. Our common stock is presently not traded on any market or securities exchange and we have not applied for listing or quotation on any public market. You cannot be sure that a public market for any of our securities will develop and continue or that the securities will ever trade at a price at or higher than the offering price in this offering. DILUTION If you purchase any of the shares offered by this prospectus, your ownership interest will be diluted to the extent of the difference between the initial public offering price per share and the pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value per share of our common stock immediately after this offering. Dilution results from the fact that the initial public offering price per share is substantially in excess of the book value per share attributable to the existing stockholder for the presently outstanding stock. As of March 31, 2017, our net tangible book value was $(13,431), or $(0.00) per share of common stock. Net tangible book value per share represents the amount of our total tangible assets (excluding deferred offering costs) less total liabilities, divided by 20,000,000, the number of shares of common stock outstanding at March 31, 2017. The following table sets forth as of that date, the number of shares of common stock purchased from us and the total consideration paid by our existing stockholder and by new investors in this offering if new investors purchase 25%, 50%, 75% or 100% of the offering, after deduction of offering expenses, assuming a purchase price in this offering of $.20 per share of common stock. 25% of Offering Sold 50% of Offering Sold 75% of Offering Sold 100% of Offering Sold 28 Offering Price Per share $0.20 $0.20 $0.20 $0.20 Post Offering Net Tangible Book Value $211,569 $461,569 $711,569 $961,569 Post Offering Net Tangible Book Value Per Share $0.01 $0.02 $0.03 $0.04 Pre-Offering Net Tangible Book Value Per Share ($0.00) ($0.00) ($0.00) ($0.00) Increase (Decrease) Net Tangible Book Value Per Share After Offering for Original Shareholder $0.01 $0.02 $0.03 $0.04 Dilution Per Share for New Shareholders $0.19 $0.18 $0.17 $0.16 Percentage Dilution Per Share for New Shareholders 95.02% 89.74% 85.02% 80.77% Capital Contribution by Purchasers of Shares $250,000 $500,000 $750,000 $1,000,000 Capital Contribution by Existing Shares $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 $40,000 % Contribution by Purchasers of Shares 86.21% 92.59% 94.94% 96.15% % Contribution by Existing Shareholder 13.79% 7.41% 5.06% 3.85% # of Shares After Offering Held by Public Investors 1,250,000 2,500,000 3,750,000 5,000,000 # of Shares After Offering Held by Existing Investors 20,000,000 20,000,000 20,000,000 20,000,000 Total Shares Issued and Outstanding 21,250,000 22,500,000 23,750,000 25,000,000 % of Shares - Purchasers After Offering 5.88% 11.11% 15.79% 20.00% % of Shares - Existing Shareholder After Offering 94.12% 88.89% 84.21% 80.00% Assuming the Issuer sells the entire offering of 5,000,000 shares, after giving effect to the sale of common shares in this offering, and after deducting estimated offering expenses payable by us, our as adjusted net tangible book value as of March 31, 2017 would have been $961,569, or $0.04 per share. This amount represents an immediate increase in the as-adjusted net tangible book value of $0.04 per share to our existing stockholder and an immediate dilution in the as-adjusted net tangible book value of approximately $0.16 per share to new investors purchasing common shares in this offering. We determine dilution by subtracting the as adjusted net tangible book value per share after the offering from the amount of cash that a new investor paid for a share of common stock. PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION This Prospectus relates to the sale of 5,000,000 common shares. We will sell the common shares ourselves and do not plan to use underwriters or pay any commissions. We will be selling our common shares using our best efforts and no one has agreed to buy any of our common shares. This prospectus permits our officers and directors to sell the common shares directly to the public, with no commission or 29 other remuneration payable to them for any common shares they may sell. There is no plan or arrangement to enter into any contracts or agreements to sell the common shares with a broker or dealer. Our officers and directors will sell the common shares and intend to offer them to friends, family members and business acquaintances. There is no minimum amount of common shares we must sell so no money raised from the sale of our common shares will go into escrow, trust or another similar arrangement. The common shares are being offered by Tim Remple, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Director. Mr. Tim Remple will be relying on the safe harbor in Rule 3a4-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to sell the common shares. No sales commission will be paid for common shares sold by Tim Remple. Mr. Remple is not subject to a statutory disqualification and is not an associated person of a broker or dealer. Additionally, Mr. Remple primarily performs substantial duties on behalf of the registrant otherwise than in connection with transactions in securities. Mr. Remple has not been a broker or dealer or an associated person of a broker or dealer within the preceding 12 months and they have not participated in selling an offering of securities for any issuer more than once every 12 months other than in reliance on paragraph (a)4(i) or (a)4(iii) of Rule 3a4-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The offering will terminate upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the sale of all 5,000,000 shares being offered, or (ii) 365 days after this registration statement is declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. There are no finders in this offering. Under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, our common stock will come within the definition of a “penny stock” because the price of our common stock is below $5.00 per share. As a result, our common stock will be subject to the "penny stock" rules and regulations. Broker-dealers who sell penny stocks to certain types of investors are required to comply with the Commission’s regulations concerning the transfer of penny stock. These regulations require broker-dealers to: - Make a suitability determination prior to selling penny stock to the purchaser; - Receive the purchaser’s written consent to the transaction; and - Provide certain written disclosures to the purchaser. These requirements may restrict the ability of broker/dealers to sell our common stock, and may affect the ability to resell our common stock. Market Information There is no established public trading market for our securities and a regular trading market may not develop, or if developed, may not be sustained. A shareholder in all likelihood, therefore, will not be able to resell his or her securities should he or she desire to do so when eligible for public resales. Furthermore, it is unlikely that a lending institution will accept our securities as pledged collateral for loans unless a regular trading market develops. OTCQB Marketplace Considerations To be quoted on the OTCQB Marketplace, a market maker must file an application on our behalf in order to make a market for our common stock. We anticipate that after this registration statement is declared effective, market makers will enter “piggyback” quotes and our securities will thereafter trade on the OTCQB Marketplace. The OTCQB Marketplace is separate and distinct from the NASDAQ stock market. NASDAQ has no business relationship with issuers of securities quoted on the OTCQB Marketplace. The SEC’s order handling rules, which apply to NASDAQ-listed securities, do not apply to securities quoted on the OTCQB Marketplace. Although the NASDAQ stock market has rigorous listing standards to ensure the high quality of its issuers, and can delist issuers for not meeting those standards, the OTCQB Marketplace has no listing standards. Rather, it is the market maker who chooses to quote a security on the system, files the application, and is obligated to comply with keeping information about the issuer in its files. FINRA cannot deny an application by a market maker to quote the stock of a 30 company. The only requirement for inclusion in this marketplace is that the issuer be current in its reporting requirements with the SEC. Although we anticipate listing on the OTCQB Marketplace will increase liquidity for our stock, investors may have greater difficulty in getting orders filled because it is anticipated that if our stock trades on a public market, it initially will trade on the OTCQB Marketplace rather than on NASDAQ. Investors’ orders may be filled at a price much different than expected when an order is placed. Trading activity in general is not conducted as efficiently and effectively as with NASDAQ-listed securities. Investors must contact a broker-dealer to trade OTCQB Marketplace securities. Investors do not have direct access to the marketplace’s service. For these securities, there only has to be one market maker. These transactions are conducted almost entirely manually. Because there are no automated systems for negotiating trades on this marketplace, they are conducted via telephone. In times of heavy market volume, the limitations of this process may result in a significant increase in the time it takes to execute investor orders. Therefore, when investors place market orders - an order to buy or sell a specific number of shares at the current market price - it is possible for the price of a stock to go up or down significantly during the lapse of time between placing a market order and getting execution. Because these stocks are usually not followed by analysts, there may be lower trading volume than for NASDAQ-listed securities. There is no guarantee that our stock will ever be quoted on the OTCQB Marketplace. Blue Sky Law Considerations The holders of our shares of common stock and persons who desire to purchase them in any trading market that might develop in the future should be aware that there may be significant state law restrictions upon the ability of investors to resell our shares. Accordingly, even if we are successful in having the Shares available for trading on the OTCQB Marketplace, investors should consider any secondary market for the Company's securities to be a limited one. There is no guarantee that our stock will ever be quoted on the OTCQB Marketplace . We intend to seek coverage and publication of information regarding the company in an accepted publication which permits a "manual exemption”. This manual exemption permits a security to be distributed in a particular state without being registered if the company issuing the security has a listing for that security in a securities manual recognized by the state. However, it is not enough for the security to be listed in a recognized manual. The listing entry must contain (1) the names of issuers, officers, and directors, (2) an issuer's balance sheet, and (3) a profit and loss statement for either the fiscal year preceding the balance sheet or for the most recent fiscal year of operations. We may not be able to secure a listing containing all of this information. Furthermore, the manual exemption is a non-issuer exemption restricted to secondary trading transactions, making it unavailable for issuers selling newly issued securities. Most of the accepted manuals are those published in Standard and Poor's, Moody's Investor Service, Fitch's Investment Service, and Best's Insurance Reports, and many states expressly recognize these manuals. A smaller number of states declare that they “recognize securities manuals” but do not specify the recognized manuals. The following states do not have any provisions and therefore do not expressly recognize the manual exemption: AL, CA, IL, KY, LA, MT, NH, NY, PA, TN and VA We currently do not intend to and may not be able to qualify securities for resale in other states which require shares to be qualified before they can be resold by our shareholders . DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES The following description as a summary of the material terms of the provisions of our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. The Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws have been filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. Common Stock 31 We are authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of common stock with $0.0001 par value per share. As of the date of this registration statement, there were 20,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding held by one (1) shareholder, our Chief Executive Officer and Director, Tim Remple. Each share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote, either in person or by proxy, at meetings of shareholders. The holders are not permitted to vote their shares cumulatively. Accordingly, the shareholders of our common stock who hold, in the aggregate, more than fifty percent of the total voting rights can elect all of our directors and, in such event, the holders of the remaining minority shares will not be able to elect any of such directors. The vote of the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock entitled to vote thereon is sufficient to authorize, affirm, ratify or consent to such act or action, except as otherwise provided by law. Holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends, if any, as may be declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available. We have not paid any dividends since our inception, and we presently anticipate that all earnings, if any, will be retained for development of our business. Any future disposition of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon, among other things, our future earnings, operating and financial condition, capital requirements, and other factors. Holders of our common stock have no preemptive rights or other subscription rights, conversion rights, redemption or sinking fund provisions. Upon our liquidation, dissolution or windup, the holders of our common stock will be entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available for distribution to shareholders after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities. There are not any provisions in our Articles of Incorporation or our Bylaws that would prevent or delay change in our control. Our articles of incorporation do not provide for the issuance of any preferred stock or other class of equity securities. Upon completion of the offering, Cathedral Stock Transfer will act as the registrant's transfer agent. Dividend Policy We have never paid or declared any cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and expansion of our business. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon a number of factors, including our results of operations, financial condition, future prospects, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors our board of directors deems relevant. Share Eligible for Future Sale Prior to this offering, there was no public market for our common stock. We cannot predict the effect, if any, that market sales of shares of our common stock or the availability of shares of our common stock for sale will have on the market price of our common stock. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market could adversely affect the market prices of our common stock and could impair our future ability to raise capital through the sale of our equity securities. We have authorized an aggregate of 100,000,000 shares of our common stock. Of these shares, only the 5,000,000 to be registered in this offering will be freely tradeable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, unless those shares are purchased by our affiliates, as that term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act. The remaining 20,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding after this offering will be restricted as a result of securities laws. Restricted securities may be sold in the public market only if they have been registered or if they qualify for an exemption from registration under Rule 144 under the Securities Act. 32 Implication of the Applicability of Rule 144 Sales under the Rule 144 by our affiliates or persons selling shares on behalf of our affiliates are subject to certain manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. There are zero (0) shares of our common stock held by non-affiliates and twenty million (20,000,000) shares held by affiliates that Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933 defines as restricted securities. Pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (“Rule 144”), a “shell company” is defined as a company that has no or nominal operations; and, either no or nominal assets; assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents; or assets consisting of any amount of cash and cash equivalents and nominal other assets. As such, because we have nominal assets and minimal operations, we are still considered a “shell company” pursuant to Rule 144 and as such, sales of our securities pursuant to Rule 144 are not able to be made until we have ceased to be a “shell company” and we are subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and have filed all of our required periodic reports for at least the previous one year period prior to any sale pursuant to Rule 144; and a period of at least twelve months has elapsed from the date “Form 10 information” (i.e., information similar to that which would be found in a Form 10 Registration Statement filing with the SEC has been filed with the Commission reflecting the Company’s status as a non-“shell company.” Penny Stock Considerations Our shares will be "penny stocks", as that term is generally defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to mean equity securities with a price of less than $5.00. Thus, our shares will be subject to rules that impose sales practice and disclosure requirements on broker-dealers who engage in certain transactions involving a penny stock. Under the penny stock regulations, a broker-dealer selling a penny stock to anyone other than an established customer must make a special suitability determination regarding the purchaser and must receive the purchaser's written consent to the transaction prior to the sale, unless the broker-dealer is otherwise exempt. In addition, under the penny stock regulations, the broker-dealer is required to: - Deliver, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the penny stock market, unless the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt; - Disclose commissions payable to the broker-dealer and our registered representatives and current bid and offer quotations for the securities; - Send monthly statements disclosing recent price information pertaining to the penny stock held in a customer's account, the account's value, and information regarding the limited market in penny stocks; and - Make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written agreement to the transaction, prior to conducting any penny stock transaction in the customer's account. Because of these regulations, broker-dealers may encounter difficulties in their attempt to sell shares of our Common Stock, which may affect the ability of selling shareholders or other holders to sell their shares in the secondary market, and have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market. These additional sales practice and disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our securities, if our securities become publicly traded. In addition, the liquidity for our securities may be decreased, with a corresponding decrease in the price of our securities. Our shares in all probability will be subject to such penny stock rules and our shareholders will, in all likelihood, find it difficult to sell their securities. INTEREST OF NAMED EXPERTS The financial statements for the period from inception to December 31, 2016 included in this prospectus have been audited by AJSH & CO LLP who is a certified public accountant, to the extent and for the periods set forth in our report and are incorporated herein in reliance upon such report given upon the authority of said firm as experts in 33 auditing and accounting. There have not been any changes in or disagreements with this firm on accounting and financial disclosure or any other matter. The legality of the shares offered under this registration statement is being passed upon by Adam S. Tracy, Esq., Securities Compliance Group, Ltd., 2100 Manchester Road, Suite 615, Wheaton, IL 60187 (888) 978-9901. Mr. Tracy does not own any shares of the company. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS OPERATIONS The Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Wyoming on June 29, 2015. We are a developmental stage company principally engaged in the business of developing mobile gaming applications and other mobile applications. Our goal is to create games specifically designed for hardcore console gamers, by creating sophisticated graphics and physics models that will run on mobile platforms. Now actively working on designing their first game, the Company plans on launching their first prototype by the end of 2017. Since inception, we have generated no revenues and incurred expenses of $53,430 for an accumulated deficit in the amount $53,430. Industry Overview The growth of the mobile entertainment market is being shaped by an intersection of trends in the wireless communications and entertainment industries since wireless carriers provide the primary marketing and distribution channel for mobile games and branded content owners provide the licensing relationships that facilitate creating a large and diverse portfolio of recognizable games The mobile game market differs substantially from the traditional console game market. Mobile games typically have significantly lower development and distribution costs and longer life cycles than console games. Console game sales depend upon the product cycles of the consoles themselves, with large generational shifts between versions of each of the major console platforms every few years. In contrast, the mobile platform is characterized by a gradual evolution of features and capabilities in the many new handsets introduced each year by a large number of manufacturers and carriers. Consumers typically use their console games within the confines of their homes, while mobile games are available in all the settings where consumers take their mobile handsets. Furthermore, console games are usually developed for a few console platforms at most, which means that the development costs are mostly associated with the original creation and development of the game. However, once developed, mobile games may need to be ported to more than 1,000 different handset models, many with different technological requirements. Therefore, the ability to port mobile games quickly and cost effectively can be a competitive differentiator among mobile game publishers and a barrier to entry for other potential market entrants. The networked nature of mobile games allows publishers the opportunity to improve the profitability of a game through decisions on porting, pricing, localization and marketing. Some games, especially those tied to films, television shows or console games with specific “day-and-date” launch requirements, ideally are launched simultaneously on a global basis with a large number of carriers. Other games may be launched in stages by regions or by carriers. These games require initial launch on fewer handsets than games with global “day-and-date” launch requirements. Games released in stages offer the opportunity to improve profitability by adjusting porting and marketing support costs based upon the initial success of the game. Growth Strategy Our mission is to create high quality free games that are accessible anywhere, anytime through mobile devices. In pursuit of our mission, we encourage entrepreneurship and intelligent risk taking to produce breakthrough innovations. The key elements of our strategy are: · Make Games Accessible and Fun. We intend to operate our games as live services that are available anytime and anywhere. We intend to design our mobile games to provide players with easy access to shared experiences that delight, amuse and entertain, and we will endeavor to update our games on an ongoing basis with fresh content and new features to make them more social and fun for our players. 34 · Launch and Publish New Games . We intend to invest in building new games in multiple genres. We will endeavor to publish games where our analytics and planned monetization infrastructure can help move their game forward. · Expand Our Mobile Network of Games . We intend to build a network of mobile gaming users through organic growth, paid user acquisition, and asset acquisition in order to cross promote within our proposed network of games. In addition, we will seek opportunities to cross promote our games with partners in existing games. Market Opportunity: The 2015 Global Games Market Report by market research and predictive analytics firm Newzoo shows that the worldwide games market will reach $113.3 billion by 2018. This represents a 2014 to 2018 Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of +7.9%. The overall market for (smart) phone and tablet adoption will rise from $30.0 billion this year to $44.2 billion in 2018, ultimately taking 39% of the global games market. In 2015, China and the US are tied for the number one spot in market share, with China expected to outgrow the US by the smallest of margins: $22.2 billion versus $22.0 billion. The Computer Screen (PC/Mac) with $41.2 billion will account for 36% of the market by 2018 and will remain the most revenue generating screen, growing at a robust CAGR of +6.9% driven primarily by PC/MMO games. The Entertainment Screen (TV/Console, VR) with $26.8 billion will have 24% of the market by 2018, down from 27% in 2015. Both the Computer Screen and the Entertainment Screen will lose a small portion of their share to the continuously growing Personal Screen (Phones, Smartwatches). In 2018, the Personal Screen with $30.2 billion will account for 27% of the pie, leaving 13% for the Floating Screen (Tablets, Handhelds). The decline of the handheld console market (CAGR of -22.5%) will be offset by the robust growth of tablet revenues (CAGR of +17.1%), resulting in the Floating Screen maintaining its market share towards 2018. This year, in 2015, digital game revenues will account for 78% of the global market totaling $70.9 billion, up from a 74% share in 2014. Target Market and Marketing Strategy : The target market for our products and services are existing North American and European gamers who utilize their phone, web browser, and social media platforms to download or log-on to a webpage, and play digital games. Our strategy will be to develop and promote a centralized mobile application that provides new and existing gamers an online community to interact with and share their ideas and thoughts regarding improving, enhancing, or facilitating a greater overall gaming experience. Such marketing will likely require significant online visibility through existing global and local social-and-digital media channels such as Facebook, Twitter, Google+, YouTube as well as industry specific websites such as IGN, GameFAQs, GameSpot, Kotaku; each site boasting a minimum of 10,000,000 unique monthly visitors. We plan to market our products as follows: PR / Social Networks. We plan to use social networks and media such as Twitter, Facebook, Linkedin and blogs to drive traffic to our website by creating forums that contain information about our products including product support information. Mobile Advertising Networks. We plan to advertise on networks across iOS and Android. Services such as Admob, iAd and Chartboost all offer campaigns for app promotion either on a PPC (Pay-Per-Click) or PPI (Pay-Per-Install) basis. The Company will also seek to develop and increase its website’s visibility and traffic by advertising within the gaming industry’s most high-traffic websites. By creating a large U.S. and North American user-base, the Company will seek to push awareness of each of its new offering more globally. The combination of end-user input and quick release dates, large user base and clear visibility throughout social media platforms and gaming websites can be leveraged to increase brand awareness and attract more community members. Competition 35 Our primary industry competitors include larger digital game development companies such as Digital Chocolate, Electronic Arts (EA Mobile), Gameloft, Hands-On Mobile, I-play, Namco and THQ, with Electronic Arts having the largest market share of any company in the mobile games market. In the future, likely competitors include major media companies, traditional video game publishers, content aggregators, mobile software providers and independent mobile game publishers. Wireless carriers may also decide to develop, internally or through a managed third-party developer, and distribute their own mobile games. The development, distribution and sale of mobile, web, and social platform games is a highly competitive business. For end users, we compete primarily on the basis of brand, game quality, and price. For carriers, we compete for deck placement based on these factors, as well as historical performance and perception of sales potential and relationships with licensors of brands and other intellectual property. For content and brand licensors, we compete based on royalty and other economic terms, perceptions of development quality, porting abilities, speed of execution, distribution breadth and relationships with carriers. We also compete for experienced and talented employees. Some of our competitors’ and our potential competitors’ advantages over us, either globally or in particular geographic markets, include the following: • significantly greater revenues and financial resources; • stronger brand and consumer recognition regionally or worldwide; • the capacity to leverage their marketing expenditures across a broader portfolio of mobile and non-mobile products; • more substantial intellectual property of their own from which they can develop games without having to pay royalties; • pre-existing relationships with brand owners or carriers that afford them access to intellectual property while blocking the access of competitors to that same intellectual property; • greater resources to make acquisitions; • lower labor and development costs; and • broader global distribution and presence. Further, our capital resources limit the number of games that we can develop and market, and any inability to predict successfully the appropriate level of marketing investment in each game could result in lower earnings than we anticipate. Research & Development The Company is not currently engaged in any research. Development of the planned mobile gaming applications and other mobile applications will commence once the Company has the funds to hire an independent contractor capable of completing the work. Intellectual Property The Company itself does not hold any intellectual property, besides for the use of its trade name. Government Regulation We will be subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business on the Internet, many of which are still evolving and could be interpreted in ways that could harm our business. In the United States and internationally, laws relating to the liability of providers of online services for activities of their users and other third parties are currently being tested by a number of claims, including actions based on invasion of privacy and other torts, unfair competition, copyright and trademark infringement, and other theories based on the nature and content of the materials searched, the ads posted, or the content provided by users. Any court ruling or other governmental action that imposes liability on providers of online services for the activities of their users and other third parties could harm our business. 36 Additionally, due to a growing awareness of the use by criminal factions of social networking technologies to conduct illegal activities, such as money laundering and broadcast and advocacy of terrorist activities, governments may in the future implement legislation and pursue other means that could require changes in our planned social gaming network, in turn resulting in additional expenses in the conduct of our business. In the area of information security and data protection, many states have passed laws requiring notification to users when there is a security breach for personal data, such as the 2002 amendment to California’s Information Practices Act, or requiring the adoption of minimum information security standards that are often vaguely defined and difficult to implement. The costs of compliance with these laws may increase in the future as a result of changes in interpretation. Furthermore, any failure on our part to comply with these laws may subject us to significant liabilities. We will also be subject to federal, state and foreign laws regarding privacy and protection of our users’ personal information and related data. We post our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy on our website where we set forth our practices concerning the use, transmission and disclosure of player data. Our failure to comply with our posted privacy policy or privacy related laws and regulations could result in proceedings against us by governmental authorities or others, which could damage our reputation and business. In addition, the interpretation of data protection laws, and their application to the Internet is evolving and not settled. There is a risk that these laws may be interpreted and applied in an inconsistent manner by various states, countries and areas of the world where our users are located, and in a manner that is not consistent with our current data protection practices. Complying with these varying national and international requirements could cause us to incur additional costs and change our business practices. Further, any failure by us to adequately protect our users’ privacy and data could result in a loss of player confidence in our services and ultimately in a loss of players, which could adversely impact our business. Employees We have one employee, our Chief Executive Officer Tim Remple. Mr. Remple plans to spend approximately 140 hours per month on the affairs of the company. We will hire necessary personnel based on an as-needed basis only and on a per-contract basis to be compensated directly from revenues . Legal Proceedings We know of no existing or pending legal proceedings against us, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or any of their respective affiliates, or any beneficial stockholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest. Properties Our principal offices are located at 31878 Del Obispo Street, Suite 118-331, San Juan Capistrano, CA 92675. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS, AND CONTROL PERSONS The board of directors elects our executive officers annually. A majority vote of the directors who are in office is required to fill vacancies. Each director shall be elected for the term of one year, and until her successor is elected and qualified, or until her earlier resignation or removal. Our directors and executive officers are as follows: Name Age Position Tim Remple 33 Chief Executive Officer, Director Tim Remple, Chief Executive Officer 37 Tim Remple has spent the last 5 years as a consultant with Tecmo games in Singapore, an overseas development company. He has been advising the company on game play in the U.S. as the company attempts to enter the U.S. market. Mr. Remple is also a moderator at 4chan gaming, and reddit game forums. He graduated from Full Sail University in Florida with a degree in game development. Code of Ethics Policy We have not yet adopted a code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. Board Composition Our Bylaws provide that the Board of Directors shall consist of no more than three (3) directors. Each director of the Company serves until his successor is elected and qualified, subject to removal by the Company’s majority shareholders. Each officer shall hold their offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined by the Board of Directors, and shall hold his office until his successor is elected and qualified, or until his earlier resignation or removal. Potential Conflicts of Interest Since we do not have an audit or compensation committee comprised of independent directors, the functions that would have been performed by such committees are performed by our directors. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in that our directors and officers have the authority to determine issues concerning management compensation and audit issues that may affect management decisions. We are not aware of any other conflicts of interest with any of our executives or directors. Director Independence Our board of directors has undertaken a review of the independence of each director and considered whether any director has a material relationship with us that could compromise his ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out his responsibilities. As a result of this review, our board of directors determined that our directors do not meet the independence requirements, according to the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC. Corporate Governance There have been no changes in any state law or other procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. In addition to having no nominating committee for that purpose, we currently have no specific audit committee and no audit committee financial expert. Based on the fact that our current business affairs are simple, any such committees are excessive and beyond the scope of our business and needs. Family Relationships None. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings No officer, director, or persons nominated for such positions, promoter or significant employee has been involved in the last ten years in any of the following: • Any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time, 38 • Any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses), • Being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting her involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities, • Being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated. • Having any government agency, administrative agency, or administrative court impose an administrative finding, order, decree, or sanction against them as a result of their involvement in any type of business, securities, or banking activity. • Being the subject of a pending administrative proceeding related to their involvement in any type of business, securities, or banking activity. • Having any administrative proceeding been threatened against you related to their involvement in any type of business, securities, or banking activity. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Since inception, we have not paid any compensation to our officers or directors. We may elect to award a cash bonus to key employees, directors, officers and consultants based on meeting individual and corporate planned objectives. We do not have any standard arrangements by which directors are compensated for any services provided as a director. No cash has been paid to the directors in their capacity as such. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following tables set forth the ownership, as of the date of this prospectus, of our common stock by each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding common stock, our directors, and our executive officers and directors as a group. To the best of our knowledge, the persons named have sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares, except as otherwise noted. There are not any pending or anticipated arrangements that may cause a change in control. The information presented below regarding beneficial ownership of our voting securities has been presented in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not necessarily indicative of ownership for any other purpose. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a "beneficial owner" of a security if that person has or shares the power to vote or direct the voting of the security or the power to dispose or direct the disposition of the security. A person is deemed to own beneficially any security as to which such person has the right to acquire sole or shared voting or investment power within 60 days through the conversion or exercise of any convertible security, warrant, option or other right. More than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities. The percentage of beneficial ownership by any person as of a particular date is calculated by dividing the number of shares beneficially owned by such person, which includes the number of shares as to which such person has the right to acquire voting or investment power within 60 days, by the sum of the number of shares outstanding as of such date plus the number of shares as to which such person has the right to acquire voting or investment power within 60 days. Consequently, the denominator used for calculating such percentage may be different for each beneficial owner. Except as otherwise indicated below and under applicable community property laws, we believe that the beneficial owners of our common stock listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. The business address of the shareholder is 31878 Del Obispo Street, Suite 118-331, San Juan Capistrano, CA 92675. 39 Name Number of Shares of Common stock Percentage Tim Remple 20,000,000 100 % All executive officers and directors as a group [1 person] 20,000,000 100 % This table is based upon information derived from our stock records. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table and subject to community property laws where applicable, each of the shareholders named in this table has sole or shared voting and investment power with respect to the shares indicated as beneficially owned. Except as set forth above, applicable percentages are based upon 20,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2017. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS Director Independence The registrant's board of directors consists of Mr. Tim Remple. He is not independent as such term is defined by a national securities exchange or an inter-dealer quotation system. Mr. Remple owns 20,000,000 common shares for which he paid $40,000. Advances from Related Parties Tim Remple, our Chief Executive Officer, has extended loans to the Company in the amount of $25 to cover startup costs. These loans bear no interest. Because there are no agreed upon terms for the repayment of the funds loaned to the Company, the loans, made should be considered payable on demand. Mr. Remple has verbally agreed to continue to advance sufficient funds to the Company to continue operations if funds are required. However, Mr. Remple does not have any obligation to provide Loans to the Company and may do so only if he wishes. Any loans made to the Company will bear no interest and shall be payable on demand. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes, and other financial information included in this Form S-1. Our Management’s Discussion and Analysis contains not only statements that are historical facts, but also statements that are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are, by their very nature, uncertain and risky. These risks and uncertainties include international, national, and local general economic and market conditions; our ability to sustain, manage, or forecast growth; our ability to successfully make and integrate acquisitions; new product development and introduction; existing government regulations and changes in, or the failure to comply with, government regulations; adverse publicity; competition; the loss of significant customers or suppliers; fluctuations and difficulty in forecasting operating results; change in business strategy or development plans; business disruptions; the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; the ability to protect technology; the risk of foreign currency exchange rate; and other risks that might be detailed from time to time in our filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 40 Although the forward-looking statements in this Registration Statement reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by them. Consequently, and because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, the actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking statements. You are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report and in our other reports as we attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and prospects. Overview We are a developmental stage company principally involved in the business of marketing and developing mobile, web, and social media platform gaming applications to the public. Our goal is to create games specifically designed for hardcore console gamers, by creating sophisticated graphics and physics models that will run on mobile platforms. Now actively working on designing their first game, the Company plans on launching their first prototype by the end of 2017. We intend to use a multi-faceted approach to developing, producing, marketing and distributing games on iOS and Android devices. Since inception, we have generated no revenues and incurred expenses of $53,430 for a net loss in the amount of $53,430. Our expenses are primarily attributed to general and administrative expenses as well as those related to the organization of the Company and this offering, including legal fees and accounting fees. We have generated an accumulated deficit in the amount of $53,430 from inception through March 31, 2017. Plan of Operations Our plan of operations for the next twelve (12) months is as follows: Execute capital raise: Months 1-3 Estimated Cost: $27,101 Develop and Launch mobile gaming applications and website: Months 6-12 Hire contractor(s) to build and launch mobile gaming applications. Develop software and purchase appropriate hardware to maintain a network and server. Estimated Cost: $500,000 Market mobile gaming applications: Months 9-12 Marketing the mobile gaming applications that we develop is the key component of our growth strategy. This will involve developing and launching a multi-faceted online campaign that will incorporate the latest trends in online marketing: web content, ad targeting, and social media engagement. Estimated Costs: $342,889 Results of Operations Our cash balance is $0 as of the period ending March 31, 2017 with $14,010 in liabilities. Our cash balance is not sufficient to fund our limited levels of operations for any period of time without further revenue or proceeds from this offering. In order to implement our plan of operations for the next twelve month period, we require a minimum of $475,000 of funding from this offering. After the initial twelve month period we may need additional financing. We do not currently have any arrangements for additional financing. In order to fully implement our business plan, we will be required to raise the maximum aggregate amount offered in this offering. 41 To meet our need for cash we are attempting to raise money from this offering. If we are unable to successfully find customers we may quickly use up the proceeds from this offering and will need to find alternative sources. At the present time, we have not made any arrangements to raise additional cash, other than through this offering. If we need additional cash and cannot raise it, we will either have to suspend operations until we do raise the cash, or cease operations entirely. Purchase and Sale of Equipment We presently have no equipment. Income & Operation Taxes We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. Net Loss We incurred net losses of $53,430 for the period from inception to March 31, 2017 Controls and Procedures We are not currently required to maintain an effective system of internal controls. We will be required to comply with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017. As of the date of this prospectus, we have not completed an assessment, nor have our auditors tested our systems of internal controls. Because it will take time, management involvement and perhaps outside resources to determine what internal control improvements are necessary for us to meet regulatory requirements and market expectations for our operations, we may incur significant expense in meeting our public reporting responsibilities, particularly in the areas of designing, enhancing, or remediating internal and disclosure controls. Doing so effectively may also take longer than we expect, thus increasing our exposure to financial fraud or erroneous financing reporting. Once our management’s report on internal controls is complete, we will retain our independent auditors to audit and render an opinion on such report when required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The independent auditors may identify additional issues concerning our operations while performing their audit of internal control over financial reporting. Development Stage Since its inception, the Company has devoted substantially all of its efforts to business planning, research and development, recruiting management and staff and raising capital. Accordingly, the Company is considered to be in the development stage. The Company has generated minimal revenues from operations and therefore lacks meaningful capital reserves. Liquidity and Capital Resources We are a development stage company and have had limited activity. Since we have not yet generated any revenue from the production of online mobile games, we have relied on funds received in connection with our equity and debt offerings to finance our ongoing operations. We have experienced net losses since inception. We are attempting to raise funds to proceed with our plan of operation. To proceed with our operations within 12 months, we need a minimum of $475,000. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to sell all the shares required to satisfy our 12 months financial requirement. If we are successful, any money raised will be applied to the items set forth in the Use of Proceeds section of this prospectus. We will attempt to raise at least the minimum funds necessary to proceed with our plan of operation. 42 We have no revenues as of this date, and no substantial revenues are anticipated until we have completed the financing from this offering and implemented our full plan of operations. We must raise cash to implement our strategy to grow and expand per our business plan. The minimum amount of the offering will likely allow us to operate for at least one year and have the capital resources required to cover the material costs with becoming a publicly reporting. The company anticipates over the next 12 months the cost of being a reporting public company will be approximately $25,000. We are highly dependent upon the success of this offering, as described herein. Therefore, the failure thereof would result in the need to seek capital from other resources such as taking loans, which would likely not even be possible for the Company. However, if such financing were available, because we are a development stage company with no operations to date, we would likely have to pay additional costs associated with high risk loans and be subject to an above market interest rate. At such time these funds are required, management would evaluate the terms of such debt financing. If the Company cannot raise additional proceeds via a private placement of its equity or debt securities, or secure a loan, the Company would be required to cease business operations. As a result, investors would lose all of their investment. Additionally, the Company will have to meet all the financial disclosure and reporting requirements associated with being a publicly reporting company. The Company’s management will have to spend additional time on policies and procedures to make sure it is compliant with various regulatory requirements, especially that of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. This additional corporate governance time required of management could limit the amount of time management has to implement the business plan and may impede the speed of its operations. DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant as provided in the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities, other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding, is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such. 43 RUROO GAMES, INC. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the period ended March 31, 2017 CONTENTS: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 45 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2015, December 31, 2016, and March 31, 2017 46 Statement of Operations for the period from June 26, 2015 (Inception) to December 31, 2015, the Year ended December 31, 2016 and Quarters ended on March 31, 2017 47 Statements of Stockholder's Deficit for the period from June 26, 2015 (Inception) to December 31, 2015, the Year ended December 31, 2016 and Quarters ended on March 31, 2017 48 Statements of Cash Flows for the period from June 26, 2015 (Inception) to December 31, 2015, the Year ended December 31, 2016 and Quarters ended on March 31, 2017 49 Notes to the Financial Statements 50 44 REPORT OF THE INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM Board of Directors and Stockholders Ruroo Games Inc. We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Ruroo Games, Inc (“the Company”) as of December 31 st , 2016 and the related statements of operations, stockholder's equity, and cash flows for the period June 29 th , 2015 (Inception) through December 31 st , 2016. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal controls over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Ruroo Games, Inc. as of December 31, 2016, and the result of its operations and its cash flow from the period June 29 th , 2015 (Inception)through December 31 st , 2016 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 9, the Company has only eighteen months operating history and has incurred losses since inception of $51,496 and has a working capital deficit of $11,496. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also discussed in Note 9. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. AJSH & CO. LLP New Delhi, India Independent Auditors registered with Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Date:-April 01 st , 2017 45 RUROO GAMES, INC. BALANCE SHEET ASSETS Quarter ended March 31, 2017 (unaudited) Quarter ended March, 31, 2016 (unaudited) Year ended December 31, 2016 (audited) From Dec 31, 2015 to June 29, 2016 (audited) $ $ $ $ Fixed Assets: I- Pad 579 - 579 579 Total Fixed Assets 579 - 579 579 TOTAL ASSETS 579 - 579 579 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY Current liabilities: Accrued Expenses 105 300 300 500 Related Party Officer Loan 13,905 476 11,775 1,414 Total Current Liabilities 14,010 776 12,075 1,914 Total Liabilities 14,010 776 12,075 1,914 Stockholders’ Equity Common Stock, Par Value $0.0001, 100,000,000 Authorized, 20,000,000 Issued & Outstanding 2,000 2,000 2,000 2,000 Additional Capital 38,000 38,000 38,000 38,000 Prior Accumulated Retained Earnings (51,496) (40,025) (40,025) (40,025) Current net profit (loss) (1,934) (751) (11,471) (1,310) Less: Dividends - - - 46 Total Shareholders’ Equity (13,431) (776) (11,496) (1,335) TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY 579 - 579 579 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 47 RUROO GAMES, INC. STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS Quarter ended March 31, 2017 (unaudited) Quarter ended March, 31, 2016 (unaudited) Year ended December 31, 2016 (audited) From Dec 31, 2015 to June 29, 2016 (audited) $ $ $ $ Revenue - - - - Operating expenses: 1,934 751 11,471 1,310 Total operating expenses 1,934 751 11,471 1,310 Net loss (1,934) (751) (11,471) 1,310 Net loss per common share - basic and diluted: (0.00010) (0.00004) (0.00057) (0.00007) Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders (0.00010) (0.00004) (0.00057) (0.00007) Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding 20,000,000 20,000,000 20,000,000 20,000,000 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 48 RUROO GAMES, INC. STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS Quarter ended March 31, 2017 (unaudited) Quarter ended March, 31, 2016 (unaudited) Year ended December 31, 2016 (audited) From Dec 31, 2015 to June 29, 2016 (audited) $ $ $ $ Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net loss (1934) (751) (11,471) (1,310) Net cash used in operating activities (1,934) (751) (11,471) (1,310) Cash Flows from Investing Activities Purchase of I-Pad - - (579) (579) Net Cash Flows From Investing Activities - - (579) (579) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Opening Equity - - - (40,025) Common Stock issued - - - 40,000 Increase in Accrued Expenses (195) 300 300 500 Increase in Related Party Loan 2,129 451 11,750 1,414 Net Cash Flows From Financing Activities 1,934 751 12,050 1,889 Net Increase In Cash - - - - Cash – Beginning - - - - Cash – Ending - - - - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 49 RUROO GAMES, INC. STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDER’S DEFICIT Earnings/Deficit Common Stock Additional Paid In Capital Accumulated for the quarter Total Stockholder’s Deficit Shares Amount $ $ $ $ Beginning Balance, June 29, 2015 (Inception) - - - - - Issuance of Common Stock $0.0001 Par Value 20,000,000 2,000 - - 2,000 Additional Paid In Capital - - 38,000 - 38,000 Net Income (Loss) - - - (40,025) (40,025) Ending Balance, December 31, 2015 20,000,000 2,000 38,000 (40,025) (25) Net Income/(Loss) (751) (751) Ending Balance, March 31, 2016 20,000,000 2,000 38,000 (40,776) (776) Net Income/(Loss) (659) (659) Ending Balance, June 30, 2016 20,000,000 2,000 38,000 (41,435) (1,435) Net Income/(Loss) (924) (924) Ending Balance, Sep 30, 2016 20,000,000 2,000 38,000 (42,359) (2,359) Net Income/(Loss) (9,137) (9,137) Ending Balance, Dec 31, 2016 (audited) 20,000,000 2,000 38,000 (51,496) (11,496) Net Income/(Loss) (1,934) (1,934) Ending Balance, Mar 31, 2017 (unaudited) 20,000,000 2,000 38,000 (53,431) (13,431) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 50 Note 1. Organization, History and Business Ruroo Games, Inc. is a Wyoming corporation (the “Company”), incorporated under the laws of the State of Wyoming on June 29, 2015. The business plan of the Company is to offer a comprehensive network of educational and informational resources as well as vetted service providers for foreign investors interested in direct investments in U.S. companies or in the U.S. real estate market. Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Revenue Recognition The Company will recognize revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification No. 605, “Revenue Recognition” ("ASC-605"), ASC-605 requires that four basic criteria must be met before revenue can be recognized: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery has occurred; (iii) the selling price is fixed and determinable; and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. Determination of criteria (iii) and (iv) are based on management's judgments regarding the fixed nature of the selling prices of the products delivered and the collectability of those amounts. Provisions for discounts and rebates to customers, estimated returns and allowances, and other adjustments are provided for in the same period the related sales are recorded. The Company will defer any revenue for which the product has not been delivered or is subject to refund until such time that the Company and the customer jointly determine that the product has been delivered or no refund will be required. Accounts Receivable Accounts receivable is reported at the customers’ outstanding balances, less any allowance for doubtful accounts. Interest is not accrued on overdue accounts receivable. Allowance for Doubtful Accounts An allowance for doubtful accounts on accounts receivable is charged to operations in amounts sufficient to maintain the allowance for uncollectible accounts at a level management believes is adequate to cover any probable losses. Management determines the adequacy of the allowance based on historical write-off percentages and information collected from individual customers. Accounts receivable are charged off against the allowance when collectability is determined to be permanently impaired. Stock Based Compensation When applicable, the Company will account for stock-based payments to employees in accordance with ASC 718, “Stock Compensation” (“ASC 718”). Stock-based payments to employees include grants of stock, grants of stock options and issuance of warrants that are recognized in the consolidated statement of operations based on their fair values at the date of grant. The Company accounts for stock-based payments to non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50, “Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees.” Stock-based payments to non-employees include grants of stock, grants of stock options and issuances of warrants that are recognized in the consolidated statement of operations based on the value of the vested portion of the award over the requisite service period as measured at its then-current fair value as of each financial reporting date. The Company calculates the fair value of option grants and warrant issuances utilizing the Binomial pricing model. The amount of stock-based compensation recognized during a period is based on the value of the portion of the awards that are ultimately expected to vest. ASC 718 requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time stock options are granted and warrants are issued to employees and non-employees, and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. The term “forfeitures” is distinct from “cancellations” or “expirations” and represents only the unvested portion of the surrendered stock option or warrant. 51 The Company estimates forfeiture rates for all unvested awards when calculating the expense for the period. In estimating the forfeiture rate, the Company monitors both stock option and In estimating the forfeiture rate, the Company monitors both stock option and warrant exercises as well as employee termination patterns. The resulting stock-based compensation expense for both employee and non-employee awards is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the period in which the Company expects to receive the benefit, which is generally the vesting period. Warrant exercises as well as employee termination patterns. The resulting stock-based compensation expense for both employee and non-employee awards is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the period in which the Company expects to receive the benefit, which is generally the vesting period. During the period June 29, 2015 (inception) through Mar 31, 2017, the Company did not recognize any stock-based compensation. No options have been granted to date. Loss per Share The Company reports earnings (loss) per share in accordance with ASC Topic 260-10, " Earnings per Share ." Basic earnings (loss) per share are computed by dividing income (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares available. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed similar to basic earnings (loss) per share except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common shares had been issued and if the additional common shares were dilutive. Diluted earnings (loss) per share have not been presented since there are no dilutive securities. Cash and Cash Equivalents For purpose of the statements of cash flows, the Company considers cash and cash equivalents to include all stable, highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less. Concentration of Credit Risk The Company primarily transacts its business with one financial institution. The amount on deposit in that one institution may from time to time exceed the federally-insured limit. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Business segments ASC 280, “Segment Reporting” requires use of the “management approach” model for segment reporting. The management approach model is based on the way a company’s management organizes segments within the company for making operating decisions and assessing performance. The Company determined it has one operating segment as of March 31, 2017. Income Taxes The Company accounts for its income taxes under the provisions of ASC Topic 740, “Income Taxes .” The method of accounting for income taxes under ASC 740 is an asset and liability method. The asset and liability method requires the recognition of deferred tax liabilities and assets for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between tax bases and financial reporting bases of other assets and liabilities. Recent Accounting Pronouncements 52 The Company continually assesses any new accounting pronouncements to determine their applicability to the Company. Where it is determined that a new accounting pronouncement affects the Company’s financial reporting, the Company undertakes a study to determine the consequence of the change to its financial statements and assures that there are proper controls in place to ascertain that the Company’s financials properly reflect the change. The Company currently does not have any recent accounting pronouncements that they are studying and feel may be applicable. Note 3. Income Taxes Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed annually for differences between financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. Income tax expense is the tax payable or refundable for the period plus or minus the change during the period in deferred tax assets and liabilities. The effective tax rate on the net loss before income taxes differs from the U.S. statutory rate as follows: 03/31/2017 U.S statutory rate 34 % Less valuation allowance (34) % Effective tax rate 0 % The significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities are /as follows: Quarter ended March 31, 2017 Quarter ended March, 31, 2016 Year ended March, 31, 2016 From Dec 31, 2015 to June 29, 2016 Deferred tax assets Net operating losses (1,934) (751) (11,471) (1,310) Deferred tax liability - - - Net deferred tax assets 658 (255) 3,900 445 Less valuation allowance (658) (255) (3,900) (445) Deferred tax asset - net valuation allowance - - - - On an interim basis, the Company has a net operating loss carryover of approximately $53,431 available to offset future income for income tax reporting purposes, which will expire in various years through 2032, if not previously utilized. However, the Company’s ability to use the carryover net operating loss may be substantially limited or eliminated pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 382. 53 The Company adopted the provisions of ASC 740-10-50, formerly FIN 48, and “Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes”. The Company had no material unrecognized income tax assets or liabilities as of March 31, 2017. The Company’s policy regarding income tax interest and penalties is to expense those items as general and administrative expense but to identify them for tax purposes. During the period from June 29, 2015 (inception) through March 31, 2017, there was no income tax, or related interest and penalty items in the income statement, or liabilities on the balance sheet. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and Nevada state jurisdiction. We are not currently involved in any income tax examinations. Note 4. Related Party Transactions Our Chief Executive Officer has extended the Company a loan in the amount of $13,905.The loan has no term and is payable upon demand. The loan bears no interest. On July 19, 2015 the Company issued 20,000,000 of its authorized common stock to Tim Remple for $40,000.00. Note 5. Stockholders’ Equity Common Stock The holders of the Company's common stock are entitled to one vote per share of common stock held. As of March 31, 2017 the Company had 20,000,000shares issued and outstanding. Note 6. Commitments and Contingencies Commitments: The Company currently has no long term commitments as of our balance sheet date. Contingencies: None as of our balance sheet date. Note 7 – Net Income (Loss) Per Share The following table sets forth the information used to compute basic and diluted net income per share attributable to RUROO GAMES, INC :- Quarter ended March 31, 2017 Quarter ended March, 31, 2016 Year ended December 31, 2016 From Dec 31, 2015 to June 29, 2016 $ $ $ $ Net Income (Loss) (1,934) (751) (11,471) (1,310) Weighted-average common shares outstanding basic 20,000,000 20,000,000 20,000,000 20,000,000 Weighted-average common stock Equivalents 20,000,000 20,000,000 20,000,000 20,000,000 54 Stock options - - - - Warrants - - - - Convertible Notes - - - - Weighted-average common shares Outstanding Diluted - - - - Basic and Diluted Loss Per Share (0.00010) (0.00004) (0.00057) (0.00007) Note 8. Notes Payable None. Note 9. Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. Currently, the Company has no operating history and has incurred an operating loss of ($1,934) working capital deficit of ($13,431) and as of March 31, 2017 the Company had an accumulated deficit of ($53,431). These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management believes that the Company’s capital requirements will depend on many factors including the success of the Company’s development efforts and its efforts to raise capital. Management also believes the Company needs to raise additional capital for working capital purposes. There is no assurance that such financing will be available in the future. The conditions described above raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets, or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Note 10. Subsequent Events None. . 55 Up to a Maximum of 5,000,000 Common Shares at $0.20 per Common Share Prospectus RuRoo Games, Inc. June 5, 2017 YOU SHOULD ONLY RELY ON THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PROSPECTUS. WE HAVE NOT AUTHORIZED ANYONE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION DIFFERENT FROM THAT CONTAINED IN THIS PROSPECTUS. WE ARE OFFERING TO SELL, AND SEEKING OFFERS TO BUY, COMMON SHARES ONLY IN JURISDICTIONS WHERE OFFERS AND SALES ARE PERMITTED. Until ____________, all dealers that effect transactions in these securities, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers' obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions. 56 PART II. INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS ITEM 13. OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION The following table sets forth costs and expenses payable by the Company in connection with the sale of common shares being registered. All amounts except the SEC filing fee are estimates. SEC Registration Fee $ 100 EDGAR/Printing Expenses $ 2,000 Auditor Fees and Expenses $ 10,000 Legal Fees and Expenses $ 7,500 Transfer Agent Fees $ 3,500 TOTAL $ 23,100 ITEM 14. INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS . The Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws of our Company provide that our Company will indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by the Wyoming Revised Statutes, each person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of our Company, or who serves or served any other enterprise or organization at the request of our Company. Pursuant to Wyoming law, this includes elimination of liability for monetary damages for breach of the directors’ fiduciary duty of care to our Company and its stockholders. These provisions do not eliminate the directors’ duty of care and, in appropriate circumstances, equitable remedies such as injunctive or other forms of non-monetary relief will remain available under Wyoming law. In addition, each director will continue to be subject to liability for breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to our Company, for acts or omissions not in good faith or involving intentional misconduct, for knowing violations of law, for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit, and for payment of dividends or approval of stock repurchases or redemptions that are unlawful under Wyoming law. The provision also does not affect a director’s responsibilities under any other laws, such as the federal securities laws or state or federal environmental laws. We have not entered into any agreements with our directors and executive officers that require us to indemnify these persons against expenses, judgments, fines, settlements and other amounts actually and reasonably incurred (including expenses of a derivative action) in connection with any proceeding, whether actual or threatened, to which any such person may be made a party by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director or officer of our Company or any of our affiliated enterprises. We do not maintain any policy of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance that insures its directors and officers against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment under any circumstances. ITEM 15. RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES On July 17, 2015 the Company issued 20,000,000 of its authorized common stock to Tim Remple in exchange for $40,000. The unregistered securities were issued pursuant to an exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and involved transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering. ITEM 16. EXHIBITS 57 Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant (filed herewith) 3.2 Bylaws of the Registrant (filed herewith) 5.1 Opinion re: Legality and Consent of Counsel (filed herewith) 23.1 Consent of Auditor (filed herewith) All other Exhibits called for by Rule 601 of Regulation SK are not applicable to this filing. ____________ (1) Information pertaining to our common stock is contained in our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. ITEM 17. UNDERTAKINGS The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales of securities are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement to: (i) Include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) (§230.424(b) of this chapter) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement. (iii) To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (4) That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser: (i) If the registrant is subject to Rule 430C, each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. (5) That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities: The undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell 58 the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or our securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 (the “Act”) may be permitted to our directors, officer and controlling persons pursuant to the provisions above, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act, and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities, other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by one of our directors, officer, or controlling persons in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding, is asserted by one of our directors, officer, or controlling persons in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act, and we will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 59 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in the city of San Juan Capistrano, CA on June 5, 2017. RuRoo Games, Inc. By: /s/ Tim Remple Name: Tim Remple Title: Chief Executive Officer, President and Treasurer (Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement was signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates stated. Signature Title Date /s Tim Remple Tim Remple President, Treasurer and Director (Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) June 5, 2017
