UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 NEW GOLD DISCOVERIES, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant As Specified In Its Charter) WYOMING 1041 47-4443384 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) IRS I.D. 31878 Del Obispo St. Suite 118-331 San Juan Capistrano, CA 92675 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Vista Management Services, Inc. 318 McMicken Street, Rawlins, WY 82301 (949) 527-2887 (Name, address and telephone number of agent for service) with copies to: Adam S. Tracy, Esq. The Tracy Firm, Ltd. 2100 Manchester Road Suite 615 Wheaton, Il 60187 (888) 978-9901 at@ibankattorneys.com SEC File No._______________ Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this Registration Statement. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box. ⌧ If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act Registration Statement number of the earlier effective Registration Statement for the same offering. □ 1 If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act Registration Statement number of the earlier effective Registration Statement for the same offering. □ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act Registration Statement number of the earlier effective Registration Statement for the same offering. □ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. Large accelerated filer □ Accelerated Filer □ Non-accelerated filer □ Smaller reporting company ⌧ The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of each class of securities to be registered Amount to be registered Proposed maximum offering price per share Proposed maximum aggregate offering price Amount of registration fee(1) Common Stock 12,000,000 $0.25 $ 3,000,000 $302.10 (1) Calculated under Rule 457 of the Securities Act of 1933 as .0001007 of the aggregate offering price. In accordance with Rule 416(a), this registration statement shall also cover an indeterminate number of shares that may be issued and resold resulting from stock splits, stock dividends or similar transactions. NEITHER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED OF THESE SECURITIES OR DETERMINED IF THIS PROSPECTUS IS TRUTHFUL OR COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. The information in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This preliminary prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and we are not soliciting offers to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. 2 PROSPECTUS – SUBJECT TO COMPLETION DATED APRIL 26, 2016 New Gold Discoveries, Inc. Up to 12,000,000 Common Shares at $.25 per Share New Gold Discoveries, Inc. (“we”, “us”, or the “Company”) is offering for sale a maximum of 12,000,000 shares of its common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, at the price of $0.25 per share. There is no minimum number of shares that must be sold by us for the offering to close, and therefore we may receive no proceeds or very minimal proceeds from the offering. The aggregate offering price of all securities sold under this prospectus may not exceed $3,000,000. The offering will commence on the effective date of this prospectus and will terminate on or before the six month period succeeding the effective date. We will sell the common shares ourselves and do not plan to use underwriters or pay any commissions. We will be selling our common shares using our best efforts and no one has agreed to buy any of our common shares. There is no minimum amount of common shares we must sell so no money raised from the sale of such common shares will go into escrow, trust or another similar arrangement. We will bear the all of the costs associated with this offering. This is our initial public offering. Our common stock is not listed for trading on any exchange or automated quotation system. We intend, upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, to engage a market maker to apply for quotation on the OTQB Marketplace. There can be no assurance that a market maker will agree to file the necessary documents with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), which operates the OTQB Marketplace; nor can there be any assurance that such an application for quotation will be approved. We were incorporated in the State of Wyoming on June 29, 2015. We are a developmental stage company, with limited operational history. Our business strategy is to acquire and begin mining operations on a gold mining claim in Alaska, however we have not identified any properties as of yet. Readers are encouraged to reference the section entitled “Business Operations” found on page 30 herein for additional information regarding our business. We are an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Readers are encouraged to reference the section entitled “Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company” on page 9 herein for additional information. Our auditors have indicated in their opinion on our financial statements as of and for the period from inception to December 31, 2015 that there exists substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Moreover, we are an early stage venture with limited operating history. As such, this offering is highly speculative and the common stock being offered for sale involves a high degree of risk and should be considered only be persons who can afford the loss of their entire investment. Readers are encouraged to reference the section entitled “Risk Factors” found on page 11 herein for additional information regarding the risks associated with our company and common stock Please note that the Company is a “shell” company in accordance with Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933. Accordingly, any securities sold in this offering can only be resold through registration under the Securities Act of 1933; Section 4(1), if available, for non-affiliates; or by meeting the following conditions of Rule 144(i): (a) the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; (b) the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(D) of the Exchange Act of 1934; and the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and at least one year has lapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the Commission reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. 3 The Date of this Prospectus is April 26, 2016 4 TABLE OF CONTENTS Summary Information 6 Risk Factors 11 Use of Proceeds 23 Determination of the Offering Price 24 Dilution 25 Plan of Distribution 26 Description of Securities 28 Description of Business Operations 30 Directors, Executives, and Control Persons 34 Management’s Discussion and Analysis 36 Financials 41 Information Not Required in Prospectus 53 Exhibits 53 Signatures 56 5 A CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus contains forward-looking statements which relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as “may”, “should”, “expects”, “plans”, “anticipates”, “believes”, “estimates”, “predicts”, “potential” or “continue” or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements about our market opportunity, our strategies, competition, expected activities and expenditures as we pursue our business plan, and the adequacy of our available cash resources. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Actual results may differ materially from the predictions discussed in these forward-looking statements. The economic environment within which we operate could materially affect our actual results. Additional factors that could materially affect these forward-looking statements and/or predictions include, among other things: the volatility of real estate prices, the possibility that our marketing efforts will not be successful in identifying customers in need of our products and services, the Company’s need for and ability to obtain additional financing, and, other factors over which we have little or no control. While these forward-looking statements, and any assumptions upon which they are based, are made in good faith and reflect our current judgment regarding the direction of our business, actual results will almost always vary, sometimes materially, from any estimates, predictions, projections, assumptions or other future performance suggested herein. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. SUMMARY INFORMATION As used in this prospectus, references to the “Company,” “we,” “our”, “us” or “Company Name” refer to New Gold Discoveries, Inc. unless the context otherwise indicated. You should carefully read all information in the prospectus, including the financial statements and their explanatory notes, under the Financial Statements prior to making an investment decision. The Company Organization: We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Wyoming on June 29, 2015. Our principal office is located at 31878 Del Obispo Street, Suite 118-331, San Juan Capistrano, CA 92675. Our telephone number is (888) 793-8823. Capitalization: Our articles of incorporation provide for the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001. As of the date of this Prospectus there are 51,000,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. Our articles of incorporation do not provide for the issuance of any preferred stock or other class of equity securities. Management: Our Chief Executive Officer, Director and Secretary is Jerome Banks. Jerome Banks represents our lone employee. Mr. Banks devotes approximately 130 hours each month to the Company. Controlling Shareholders: Our Chief Executive Officer, Director and Secretary, Jerome Banks, is our lone shareholder holding 51,000,000 shares. As such, Mr. Banks is able to exert a significant influence over the affairs of the Company at the present time, and will continue to do so after the completion of the offering. 6 Shell Company Status: We are a “shell company” within the meaning of Rule 405, promulgated pursuant to Securities Act, because we have nominal assets and nominal operations. Accordingly, the securities sold in this offering can only be resold through registration under Section 5 the Securities Act of 1933, Section 4(1), if available, for non-affiliates or by meeting the conditions of Rule 144(i). A holder of our securities may not rely on the safe harbor from being deemed statutory underwriter under Section 2(11) of the Securities Act, as provided by Rule 144, to resell his or her securities. Only after we (i) are not a shell company, and (ii) have filed all reports and other materials required to be filed by section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that we may be required to file such reports and materials, other than Form 8-K reports); and have filed current “Form 10 information” with the SEC reflecting our status as an entity that is no longer a shell company for a period of not less than 12 months, can our securities be resold pursuant to Rule 144. “Form 10 information” is, generally speaking, the same type of information as we are required to disclose in this prospectus, but without an offering of securities. These circumstances regarding how Rule 144 applies to shell companies may hinder your resale of your shares of the Company. Going Concern: Our independent auditor has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern given our lack of operating history and the fact to date have had no significant revenues. Potential investors should be aware that there are difficulties associated with being a new venture, and the high rate of failure associated with this fact. As of December 31, 2015 we have an accumulated deficit of ($40,225) and have had no significant revenues to date. Our future is dependent upon our ability to obtain financing and upon future profitable operations from our operations. These factors raise substantial doubt that we will be able to continue as a going concern. Independence: Our company and our officers, directors, any company promoter and their affiliates do not intend, once we are reporting, to use our company as a vehicle for a private company to become a reporting company. We are not a blank check company, as such term is defined by Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as we have a specific business plan and we presently have no plans or intentions to engage in a merger or acquisition with an unidentified company, companies, entity or person. Our Business Description of Operations: New Gold Discoveries is a developmental stage gold mining company primarily focused on acquiring a suitable gold claim in Alaska and commencing mining operations on that claim. The Company has not yet identified any such properties. There can be no guarantee that the Company will identify such a property, and if it does, whether the Company will be able to secure the rights to mine the property. Moreover, should we secure the rights to mine a given property, there can be no assurances that we will be successful in finding gold or other valuable mineralys. Historical Operations: Since inception, the Company has limited to no operations consisting primarily of researching potential mining acquisitions and preparing for this offering. As of December 31, 2015 we have an accumulated deficit of ($40,225.) 7 Current Operations: The Company is currently focused on researching gold claims in Alaska, researching new and emerging mining technologies, and sourcing its capital raise requirements. Growth Strategy: The Company will seek to begin its initial gold mining operations in Alaska in the fall of 2016. The timing of commencement of operations may be influenced by our relative success of this offering. The Offering Class of Securities Offered: Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share. No. of Shares being Sold in the Offering: Twelve million (12,000,000) Offering Price: The Company intends to offer its common stock at $0.25 per share. No. of Shares Outstanding: As of the date of this Prospectus, there are 51,000,000 shares of the Company’s common stock issued and outstanding. All of our issued and outstanding shares are owned by Jerome Banks, our Chief Executive Officer. No. of Shares after the Offering: Assuming the Company sells the maximum offering, there will be 63,000,000 shares issued and outstanding following the offering. Termination of the Offering: The offering will commence as of the effective date of this Prospectus and will terminate on the sooner of the sale of the total number of shares being sold, six months from the effective date of this Prospectus or the decision by Company management to deem the offering closed. Offering Cost: We estimate our total offering registration costs to be $25,000. If we experience a shortage of funds prior to funding, our officer and director has verbally agreed to advance funds to the Company to allow us to pay for offering costs, filing fees, and correspondence with our shareholders; however our officer and director has no legal obligation to advance or loan funds to the Company. Market for our Common Stock: Our common stock is not listed for trading on any exchange or automated quotation system. We intend, upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, to engage a market maker to apply for quotation on the OTCQB Marketplace. There can be no assurance that a market maker will agree to file the necessary documents with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), which operates the OTQB Marketplace; nor can there be any assurance that such an application for quotation will be approved . Common Stock Control: Jerome Banks, our Chief Executive Officer and only director, currently owns all the issued and outstanding common stock of the company, and will continue to own sufficient common shares to control the operations of the company after this offering, irrespective of its outcome. 8 Penny Stock Regulation: The liquidity of our common stock is restricted as the registrant’s common stock falls within the definition of a penny stock. These requirements may restrict the ability of broker/dealers to sell the registrant's common stock, and may affect the ability to resell the registrant's common stock. Best Efforts Offering: We are offering our common stock on a “best efforts” basis through our Chief Executive Officer, who will not receive any discounts or commissions for selling the shares. There is no minimum number of shares that must be sold in order to close this offering. Implications of being an Emerging Growth Company We are an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. We shall continue to be deemed an emerging growth company until the earliest of: 1. The last day of the fiscal year of the issuer during which it had total annual gross revenues of $200,000,000 (as such amount is indexed for inflation every 5 years by the Commission to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, setting the threshold to the nearest 1,000,000) or more; 2. The last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities of the issuer pursuant to an effective IPO registration statement; 3. The date on which such issuer has, during the previous 3-year period, issued more than $200,000,000 in non-convertible debt; or 4. The date on which such issuer is deemed to be a ‘large accelerated filer’, as defined in section 240.12b-2 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto. As an emerging growth company we are exempt from Section 404(b) of Sarbanes Oxley. Section 404(a) requires Issuers to publish information in their annual reports concerning the scope and adequacy of the internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting. This statement shall also assess the effectiveness of such internal controls and procedures. Section 404(b) requires that the registered accounting firm shall, in the same report, attest to and report on the assessment and the effectiveness of the internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting. As an emerging growth company we are also exempt from Section 14A (a) and (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which require the shareholder approval of executive compensation and golden parachutes. These exemptions are also available to us as a Smaller Reporting Company. We have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(2) of the Jobs Act, that allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 9 Summary Financial Information Because this is only a financial summary, it does not contain all the financial information that may be important to you. Therefore, you should carefully read all the information in this prospectus, including the financial statements and their explanatory notes before making an investment decision. STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS From June 29, 2015 to December 31, 2015 $ Revenue 0 Operating expenses: 40, 225 Total operating expenses 40, 225 Net loss (40,225) Net loss per common share - basic and diluted: Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders 0.00079 Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding 51,000,000 Where You Can Find Additional Information We have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement on Form S-1. For further information about us and the shares of common stock to be sold in the offering, please refer to the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules thereto. The registration statement and exhibits may be inspected, without charge, and copies may be obtained at prescribed rates, at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F St., N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The registration statement and other information filed with the SEC are also available at the web site maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. 10 RISK FACTORS In addition to other information provided in this prospectus, you should carefully consider the following risk factors in evaluating our business before purchasing any of our common stock. All material risks are discussed in this section. Risks Related to Our Company Our having generated minimal revenues from operations makes it difficult for us to evaluate our future business prospects and make decisions based on those estimates of our future performance. As of December 31, 2015 we have generated no revenues and incurred a loss of $40,225. As a consequence, it is difficult, if not impossible, to forecast our future results based upon our historical data. Because of the related uncertainties, we may be hindered in our ability to anticipate and timely adapt to increases or decreases in revenues and expenses. If we make poor budgetary decisions as a result of unreliable data, we may never become profitable or incur losses, which may result in a decline in our stock price. Our auditor has indicated in its report that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern as a result of our lack of revenues and if we are unable to generate significant revenue or secure financing we may be required to cease or curtail our operations. Our auditor has indicated in its report that our lack of revenues raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. If we are unable to generate significant revenue or secure financing we may be required to cease or curtail our operations. Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws limit the liability of, and provide indemnification for, our officers and directors. Our Certificate of Incorporation, generally limits our officers’ and directors’ personal liability to the Company and its stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty as an officer or director except for breach of the duty of loyalty or acts or omissions not made in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law. Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, provide indemnification for our officers and directors to the fullest extent authorized by the Wyoming General Corporation Law against all expense, liability, and loss, including attorney's fees, judgments, fines excise taxes or penalties and amounts to be paid in settlement reasonably incurred or suffered by an officer or director in connection with any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil or criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a “Proceeding") to which the officer or director is made a party or is threatened to be made a party, or in which the officer or director is involved by reason of the fact that he is or was an officer or director of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company whether the basis of the Proceeding is an alleged action in an official capacity as an officer or director, or in any other capacity while serving as an officer or director. Thus, the Company may be prevented from recovering damages for certain alleged errors or omissions by the officers and directors for liabilities incurred in connection with their good faith acts for the Company. Such an indemnification payment might deplete the Company's assets. Stockholders who have questions regarding the fiduciary obligations of the officers and directors of the Company should consult with independent legal counsel. It is the position of the Securities and Exchange Commission that exculpation from and indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder is against public policy and therefore unenforceable. The Company may not be able to attain profitability without additional funding, which may be unavailable. The Company has limited capital resources. Unless the Company begins to generate sufficient revenues to finance operations as a going concern, the Company may experience liquidity and solvency problems. Such liquidity and solvency problems may force the Company to cease operations if additional financing is not available. No known alternative resources of funds are available in the event we do not generate sufficient funds from operations. 11 Expenses required to operate as a public company will reduce funds available to develop our business and could negatively affect our stock price and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. Operating as a public company is more expensive than operating as a private company, including additional funds required to obtain outside assistance from legal, accounting, investor relations, or other professionals that could be more costly than planned. We may also be required to hire additional staff to comply with additional SEC reporting requirements. We anticipate that the cost of SEC reporting will be approximately $25,000 annually. Our failure to comply with reporting requirements and other provisions of securities laws could negatively affect our stock price and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. If we fail to meet these requirements, we will be unable to secure a qualification for quotation of our securities on the OTC Bulletin Board, or, if we have secured a qualification, we may lose the qualification and our securities would no longer trade on the OTC Bulletin Board. Further, if we fail to meet these obligations and consequently fail to satisfy our SEC reporting obligations, investors will then own stock in a company that does not provide the disclosure available in quarterly, annual reports and other required SEC reports that would be otherwise publicly available leading to increased difficulty in selling their stock due to our becoming a non-reporting issuer. Because we have a limited history of operations we may not be able to successfully implement our business plan. We have less than one year of operational history in our industry. Accordingly, our operations are subject to the risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including access to capital, successful implementation of our business plan and limited revenue from operations. We cannot assure you that our intended activities or plan of operation will be successful or result in revenue or profit to us and any failure to implement our business plan may have a material adverse effect on the business of the Company. Our lack of history makes evaluating our business difficult. We have a limited operating history and we may not sustain profitability in the future. To sustain profitability, we must: - Locate and acquire a suitable gold mining claim; - compete with larger, more established competitors in the mining and prospecting industry; and - adapt to meet changes in our markets and competitive developments. We may not be successful in accomplishing these objectives. Further, our lack of operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects. Our prospects must be considered in light of the risks, uncertainties, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stages of development, particularly companies in highly competitive industries. The historical information in this report may not be indicative of our future financial condition and future performance. Risks Related to Our Business We are subject to all the risks inherent to mineral exploration, which may have an adverse effect on our business operations. Potential investors should be aware of the difficulties normally encountered by mineral exploration companies and the high rate of failure of such enterprises. The likelihood of success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays encountered in connection with the exploration of the mineral properties that we plan to undertake. These potential problems include, but are not limited to, unanticipated 12 problems relating to exploration and additional costs and expenses that may exceed current estimates. If we are unsuccessful in addressing these risks, our business will likely fail and you will lose your entire investment. We are subject to the numerous risks and hazards inherent to the mining industry and resource exploration including, without limitation, the following: · interruptions caused by adverse weather conditions; and · unforeseen limited sources of supplies resulting in shortages of materials, equipment and availability of experienced manpower. The prices and availability of such equipment, facilities, supplies and manpower may change and have an adverse effect on our operations, causing us to suspend operations or cease our activities completely. If we establish the existence of a mineral reserve on any property, we may still require additional capital in order to develop the property into a producing mine. If we cannot raise this additional capital, we will not be able to exploit the reserve and our business could fail. If we do discover a mineral reserve on any property, we will be required to expend substantial sums of money to establish the extent of the reserve, develop processes to extract it and develop extraction and processing facilities and infrastructure. Although we may derive substantial benefits from the discovery of a reserve, there can be no assurance that any reserve established will be large enough to justify commercial operations, nor can there be any assurance that we will be able to raise the funds required for development on a timely basis. If we cannot raise the necessary capital or complete the necessary facilities and infrastructure, our business may fail. A shortage of critical equipment, supplies, and resources could adversely affect our exploration activities. We will be dependent on certain equipment, supplies and resources to carry out our mining activities, including input commodities, drilling equipment and skilled labor. A shortage in the market for any of these factors could cause unanticipated cost increases and delays in delivery times, which could in turn adversely impact production schedules and costs. Mineral exploration and development is subject to extraordinary operating risks. We do not currently insure against these risks. In the event of a cave-in or similar occurrence, our liability may exceed our resources, which would have an adverse impact on our company. Mineral exploration, development and production involve many risks which even a combination of experience, knowledge and careful evaluation may not be able to overcome. Our operations will be subject to all of the hazards and risks inherent in these activities and, if we discover a mineral reserve, our operations could be subject to all of the hazards and risks inherent in the development and production of a mineral reserve, including liability for pollution, cave-ins or similar hazards against which we cannot insure or against which we may elect not to insure. Any such event could result in work stoppages and damage to property, including damage to the environment. We do not currently maintain any insurance coverage against these operating hazards. The payment of any liabilities that may arise from any such occurrence would likely have a material adverse impact on our company. Mineral prices are subject to dramatic and unpredictable fluctuations and the economic viability of our company and its activities cannot be accurately predicted. We expect to derive revenues, if any, either from the sale of our discovered mineral properties or from the extraction and sale of precious and base metals such as gold and to a lesser extent silver, copper, zinc and indium, which are known to exist alongside each other at times. The price of these commodities has fluctuated widely in recent years and is affected by numerous factors beyond our control, including international, economic and political trends, expectations of inflation, currency exchange fluctuations, interest rates, global or regional consumptive patterns, speculative activities and increased production due to new extraction developments and improved extraction and 13 production methods. The effect of these factors is based on the price of precious metals and therefore the economic viability of our company and its activities cannot accurately be predicted. Mineral operations are subject to applicable law and government regulation. Even if we discover a mineral resource in a commercially exploitable quantity, these laws and regulations could restrict or prohibit the exploitation of that mineral resource. If we cannot exploit any mineral resource that we discover on our properties, our business may fail. Both mineral exploration and extraction require permits from various federal, state, provincial and local governmental authorities and are governed by laws and regulations, including those with respect to prospecting, mine development, mineral production, transport, export, taxation, labor standards, occupational health, waste disposal, toxic substances, land use, environmental protection, mine safety and other matters. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain or maintain any of the permits required for the continued exploration of our mineral properties or for the construction and operation of a mine on our properties at an economically viable cost. If we cannot accomplish these objectives, our business could fail. Although we believe that we intend to comply with all material laws and regulations that apply to our activities, we can give no assurance that we will remain in compliance. Current laws and regulations could be amended and we might not be able to comply with them, as amended. Further, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain or maintain all permits necessary for our future operations, or that we will be able to obtain them on reasonable terms. To the extent such approvals are required and are not obtained, we may be delayed or prohibited from proceeding with planned exploration or development of our mineral properties. The mining industry is highly competitive and there is no assurance that we will be successful in acquiring mineral claims. If we cannot acquire properties to explore for mineral resources, we may be required to reduce or cease operations. The mineral exploration, development, and production industry is largely unintegrated. We may compete with other exploration companies looking for mineral resource properties. Some of these other companies possess greater financial resources and technical facilities. This competition could adversely affect our ability to acquire suitable prospects for exploration in the future. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will acquire any interest in any mineral resource properties that might yield reserves or result in commercial mining operations. While we may compete with other exploration companies in the effort to locate and acquire mineral resource properties, we do not believe that we will compete with them for the removal or sales of mineral products from our properties if we should eventually discover the presence of them in quantities sufficient to make production economically feasible. Readily available markets exist worldwide for the sale of mineral products. Therefore, we will likely be able to sell any mineral products that we identify and produce once we identify them and acquire mineral rights to a property. After we attempt to increase operations, we will face increasing competition from domestic and foreign companies. The mining industry throughout the world is fragmented. Our ability to compete against other domestic and international enterprises will be, to a significant extent, dependent on our ability to distinguish our services from those of our competitors by differentiating our marketing approach and identifying attractive opportunities to market and sell. Some of our competitors have been in business longer than we have and are more established. Our competitors may provide services comparable or superior to those we provide or adapt more quickly than we do to evolving industry trends or changing market requirements. Increased competition may result in reduced margins and loss of market share, any of which could materially adversely affect our profit margins after we commence operations and generate revenues. We have no mining operations and no history as a mining company. 14 We are an exploration stage mining company and have no ongoing mining operations of any kind. We intend to acquire interests in mining concessions which may or may not lead to production. We have no history of earnings or cash flow from mining operations. If we are able to proceed to production, commercial viability will be affected by factors that are beyond our control such as the particular attributes of the deposit, the fluctuation in metal prices, the cost of construction and operating a mine, prices and refining facilities, the availability of economic sources for energy, government regulations including regulations relating to prices, royalties, restrictions on production, quotas on exploration of minerals, as well as the costs of protection of the environment. Significant economic downturns or any future changes in consumer spending habits could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Demand for our products is affected by general global economic conditions. When economic conditions are favorable and base or discretionary income increases, purchases of non-essential items such as our products increase. When economic conditions are less favorable, sales of non-essential items are generally lower. In addition, we may experience more competitive pricing pressure during economic downturns. Therefore, any significant economic downturn or any future changes in consumer spending habits could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Because we have a limited history of operations we may not be able to successfully implement our business plan. As a development stage company, we have no operational history in our industry. Accordingly, our operations are subject to the risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including access to capital, successful implementation of our business plan, and limited revenue from operations. We cannot assure you that our intended activities or plan of operation will be successful or result in revenue or profit to us and any failure to implement our business plan may have a material adverse effect on the business of the Company. Our operations involve significant risks and hazards inherent to the mining industry. Our exploration operations will involve the operation of large pieces of drilling and other heavy equipment. Hazards such as fire, explosion, floods, structural collapses, industrial accidents, unusual or unexpected geological conditions, ground control problems, cave-ins, flooding and mechanical equipment failure are inherent risks in our operations. Hazards inherent to the mining industry can cause injuries or death to employees, contractors or other persons at our mineral properties, severe damage to and destruction of our property, plant and equipment and mineral properties, and contamination of, or damage to, the environment, and can result in the suspension of our exploration activities and any future development and production activities. In addition, from time to time we may be subject to governmental investigations and claims and litigation filed on behalf of persons who are harmed while at our properties or otherwise in connection with our operations. To the extent that we are subject to personal injury or other claims or lawsuits in the future, it may not be possible to predict the ultimate outcome of these claims and lawsuits due to the nature of personal injury litigation. Similarly, if we are subject to governmental investigations or proceedings, we may incur significant penalties and fines, and enforcement actions against us could result in the closing of certain of our mining operations. If claims and lawsuits or governmental investigations or proceedings are ultimately resolved against us, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance, financial position and results of operations. Also, if we mine on property without the appropriate licenses and approvals, we could incur liability or our operations could be suspended. We face fluctuating gold and mineral prices and currency volatility. The price of gold and silver as well as other precious base metals has experienced volatile and significant price movements over short periods of time and is affected by numerous factors beyond our control, including international economic and political trends, expectations of inflation, currency exchange fluctuations (including, the U.S. dollar 15 relative to other currencies) interest rates, global or regional consumption patterns, speculative activities and increases in production due to improved mining and production methods. The supply of and demand for gold, other precious and base metals are affected by various factors, including political events, economic conditions and production costs in major mineral producing regions. We depend heavily on key personnel, and turnover of key senior management could harm our business. Our future business and results of operations depend, in significant part, upon the continued contributions of our Chief Executive Officer, Jerome Banks. If we lose his services or if he fails to perform in his current position, or if we are not able to attract and retain skilled employees as needed, our business could suffer. We depend on the skills and abilities of this key employee in managing the product development, management, marketing and sales aspects of our business, any part of which could be harmed by such a turnover in the future and directly harm our business . Our management has not had experience in managing the day to day operations of a public company and, as a result, we may incur additional expenses associated with the management of our company. Our Chief Executive Officer, Jerome Banks, is responsible for the operations and reporting of our company. The requirements of operating as a small public company are new to our management. This may require us to obtain outside assistance from legal, accounting, investor relations, or other professionals that could be more costly than planned. We may also be required to hire additional staff to comply with additional SEC reporting requirements. We anticipate that the costs associated with SEC requirements associated with going and staying public are estimated to be approximately $25,000 in connection with this registration statement and thereafter $25,000 annually. If we lack cash resources to cover these costs in the future, our failure to comply with reporting requirements and other provisions of securities laws could negatively affect our stock price and adversely affect our potential results of operations, cash flow and financial condition after we commence operations. Our future results and reputation may be affected by litigation or other liability claims. We have not procured a general liability insurance policy for our business. To the extent that we suffer a loss of a type which would normally be covered by general liability, we would incur significant expenses in defending any action against us and in paying any claims that result from a settlement or judgment against us. Adverse publicity could result in a loss of consumer confidence in our business or our securities. We may be subject to regulatory inquiries, claims, suits prosecutions which may impact our profitability. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with applicable laws and regulations, in general, may subject us to regulatory inquiries, claims, suits and prosecutions. We can give no assurance that we will prevail in such regulatory inquiries, claims, suits and prosecutions on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Responding to, defending and/or settling regulatory inquiries, claims, suits and prosecutions may be time-consuming and divert management and financial resources or have other adverse effects on our business. A negative outcome in any of these proceedings may result in changes to or discontinuance of some of our services, potential liabilities or additional costs that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects. We do not yet have substantial assets or revenues and are substantially dependent upon the proceeds of this offering to fully fund our business. If we do not the sell shares in this offering we may have to seek alternative financing to complete our business or abandon them. We have no capital resources. To date, the Company has funded its operations from limited funding and has not generated sufficient cash from operations to be profitable. Unless the company begins to generate sufficient revenues to finance operations as a going concern, we may experience liquidity and solvency problems. Such liquidity and solvency problems may force us to cease operations if additional financing is not available. No known alternative sources of funds are available to the Company in the event it does not have adequate proceeds from this offering. However, the Company believes that the net proceeds of this offering will be sufficient to satisfy operating requirements for the next twelve months. Because we do not have any revenues, we expect to incur operating losses for the foreseeable future . 16 We have never generated revenues and we have never been profitable. Prior to beginning exploration on any mineral properties, we anticipate that we will incur increased operating expenses without realizing any revenues. We therefore expect to incur significant losses into the foreseeable future. If we are unable to generate financing to begin the exploration of our properties, we will fail and you will lose your entire investment. We have no interest or the rights to earn an interest in any known reserves. We currently have no interests in any mining properties. If we do not establish reserves we may be required to curtail or suspend our operations, in which case the market value of our common stock may decline and you may lose all or a portion of your investment. We have only completed the initial stages of exploration of our properties, and thus have no way to evaluate whether we will be able to operate our business successfully. To date, we have been involved primarily in organizational activities, locating interests in properties and in planning preliminary explorations of properties. We have not earned any revenues and have not achieved profitability as of the date of this filing. It is possible that our title for the properties in which we may have an interest in will be challenged by third parties . We may not obtain title insurance for any mineral properties. It is possible that the title to the properties in which we will have an interest will be challenged or impugned. If such claims are successful, we may lose our interest in such properties. Our failure to compete with our competitors in mineral exploration for financing, acquiring mining claims, and for qualified managerial and technical employees will cause our business operations to slow down or be suspended. Our competition includes large established mineral exploration companies with substantial capabilities and with greater financial and technical mineralized materials than we have. As a result of this competition, we may be unable to acquire additional attractive mining claims or financing on terms we consider acceptable. We may also compete with other mineral exploration companies in the recruitment and retention of qualified managerial and technical employees. If we are unable to successfully compete for financing or for qualified employees, our exploration programs may be slowed down or suspended. Risks Related to Our Common Stock Due to the lack of a current public market for our stock, investors may have difficulty in selling stock they purchase Prior to this Offering, no public trading market existed for the Company’s securities. There can be no assurance that a public trading market for the Company’s common stock will develop or that a public trading market, if develop, will be sustained. The common stock sold pursuant to this prospectus will be freely tradable, however will not be eligible for quotation on the Over the Counter Bulletin Board. We intend, upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, to engage a market maker to apply for quotation on the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board. There can be no assurance that a market maker will agree to file the necessary documents with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), which operates the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board; nor can there be any assurance that such an application for quotation will be approved. Thus, it is anticipated that there will be little or no market for the Shares until the Company is eligible to have its common stock quoted on the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board and as a result, an investor may find it difficult to dispose of any shares purchased hereunder. Because there is none and may be no public market for the Company’s stock, the Company may not be able to secure future equity financing which would have a material adverse effect on the Company. Furthermore, when and if the Company’s common stock is eligible for quotation on the OTC Electronic Bulletin 17 Board, there can also be no assurance as to the depth or liquidity of any market for the common stock or the prices at which holders may be able to sell the shares. As a result, investors could find it more difficult to trade, or to obtain accurate quotations of the market value of, the stock as compared to securities that are traded on the NASDAQ trading market or on an exchange. Moreover, an investor may find it difficult to dispose of any Shares purchased hereunder. Investors may have difficulty in reselling their shares due to the lack of market or state Blue Sky laws. Our common stock is currently not quoted on any market. No market may ever develop for our common stock, or if developed, may not be sustained in the future. The holders of our shares of common stock and persons who desire to purchase them in any trading market that might develop in the future should be aware that there may be significant state law restrictions upon the ability of investors to resell our shares. Accordingly, even if we are successful in having the Shares available for trading on the OTCQB Marketplace, investors should consider any secondary market for the Company's securities to be a limited one. We intend to seek coverage and publication of information regarding the company in an accepted publication which permits a "manual exemption." This manual exemption permits a security to be distributed in a particular state without being registered if the company issuing the security has a listing for that security in a securities manual recognized by the state. However, it is not enough for the security to be listed in a recognized manual. The listing entry must contain (1) the names of issuers, officers, and directors, (2) an issuer's balance sheet, and (3) a profit and loss statement for either the fiscal year preceding the balance sheet or for the most recent fiscal year of operations. We may not be able to secure a listing containing all of this information. Furthermore, the manual exemption is a non-issuer exemption restricted to secondary trading transactions, making it unavailable for issuers selling newly issued securities. Most of the accepted manuals are those published in Standard and Poor's, Moody's Investor Service, Fitch's Investment Service, and Best's Insurance Reports, and many states expressly recognize these manuals. A smaller number of states declare that they “recognize securities manuals” but do not specify the recognized manuals. The following states do not have any provisions and therefore do not expressly recognize the manual exemption: Alabama, Georgia, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana, Montana, South Dakota, Tennessee, Vermont and Wisconsin. Accordingly, our shares should be considered totally illiquid, which inhibits investors’ ability to resell their shares. We will be subject to penny stock regulations and restrictions and you may have difficulty selling shares of our common stock. The SEC has adopted regulations which generally define so-called “penny stocks” to be an equity security that has a market price less than $5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exemptions. We anticipate that our common stock will become a “penny stock”, and we will become subject to Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act, or the “Penny Stock Rule”. This rule imposes additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that sell such securities to persons other than established customers. For transactions covered by Rule 15g-9, a broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and have received the purchaser’s written consent to the transaction prior to sale. As a result, this rule may affect the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and may affect the ability of purchasers to sell any of our securities in the secondary market. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require delivery, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, of a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. Disclosure is also required to be made about sales commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally, monthly statements are required to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stock. We do not anticipate that our common stock will qualify for exemption from the Penny Stock Rule. In any event, even if our common stock were exempt from the Penny Stock Rule, we would remain subject to Section 15(b)(6) of the Exchange Act, which gives the SEC the authority to restrict any person from participating in a distribution of penny stock, if the SEC finds that such a restriction would be in the public interest. Stock prices for mining companies are volatile. The market price for securities of mining companies historically has been highly volatile, and the market from time-to-time has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of such companies. Fluctuations in the trading price or liquidity of our common stock may adversely affect, among other things, the interest in our stock by purchasers on the open market and our ability to raise capital. 18 Because we are a “shell company” the holders of our restricted securities will not be able to sell their securities in reliance on Rule 144 and we cannot file registration statements under Section 5 of the Securities Act using a Form S-8, until we cease being a “shell company” We are a “shell company” as that term is defined by the applicable federal securities laws. Specifically, because of the nature and amount of our assets and our very limited operations, pursuant to applicable federal rules, we are considered a “shell company” . Applicable provisions of Rule 144 specify that during that time that we are a “shell company” and for a period of one year thereafter, holders of our restricted securities can not sell those securities in reliance on Rule 144. This restriction may have potential adverse effects on future efforts to form additional capital through unregistered offerings. Another implication of us being a shell company is that we cannot file registration statements under Section 5 of the Securities Act using a Form S-8, a short form of registration to register securities issued to employees and consultants under an employee benefit plan. As result, one year after we cease being a shell company, assuming we are current in our reporting requirements with the Securities and Exchange Commission and have filed current “Form 10 information” with the SEC reflecting our status as an entity that is no longer a shell company for a period of not less than 12 months, holders of our restricted securities may then sell those securities in reliance on Rule 144 (provided, however, those holders satisfy all of the applicable requirements of that rule). For us to cease being a “shell company” we must have more than nominal operations and more that nominal assets or assets which do not consist solely of cash or cash equivalents. Shares purchased in this offering, which will be immediately resalable, and sales of all of our other shares if and when applicable restrictions against resale expire, could have a depressive effect on the market price, if any, of our common stock and the shares we are offering. Because we do not have an audit or compensation committee, shareholders will have to rely on the entire board of directors, none of which are independent, to perform these functions. We do not have an audit or compensation committee comprised of independent directors. Indeed, we do not have any audit or compensation committee. These functions are performed by the board of directors as a whole. No members of the board of directors are independent directors. Thus, there is a potential conflict in that board members who are also part of management will participate in discussions concerning management compensation and audit issues that may affect management decisions. Our Chief Executive Officer and Director owns all of our outstanding voting securities, which could reduce the ability of minority shareholders to effect certain corporate actions . Our Chief Executive Officer and Director, Jerome Banks, owns all of our outstanding voting securities. As a result, currently, and after the offering, he will possess a significant influence and can elect a majority of our board of directors and authorize or prevent proposed significant corporate transactions. Their ownership and control may also have the effect of delaying or preventing a future change in control, impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination or discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer. There may not be funds available for net income because our Chief Executive Officer and Director maintains significant control and can determine his own salary and perquisites. Our CEO Jerome Banks, owns all of our outstanding voting securities. As a result, there may not be funds available for net income because he maintains significant control and can determine his own salary and perquisites. We may, in the future, issue additional shares of common stock, which would reduce investors’ percent of ownership and may dilute our share value. Our Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance of 100,000,000 shares of common stock. As of the date of this prospectus the Company had 51,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding. Accordingly, we may issue up to an additional 49,000,000 shares of common stock. The future issuance of common stock may result in substantial dilution 19 in the percentage of our common stock held by our then existing shareholders. We may value any common stock issued in the future on an arbitrary basis. The issuance of common stock for future services or acquisitions or other corporate actions may have the effect of diluting the value of the shares held by our investors, and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for our common stock. We are subject to compliance with securities law, which exposes us to potential liabilities, including potential rescission rights. We may offer to sell our common stock to investors pursuant to certain exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as well as those of various state securities laws. The basis for relying on such exemptions is factual; that is, the applicability of such exemptions depends upon our conduct and that of those persons contacting prospective investors and making the offering. We may not seek any legal opinion to the effect that any such offering would be exempt from registration under any federal or state law. Instead, we may elect to relay upon the operative facts as the basis for such exemption, including information provided by investor themselves. If any such offering did not qualify for such exemption, an investor would have the right to rescind its purchase of the securities if it so desired. It is possible that if an investor should seek rescission, such investor would succeed. A similar situation prevails under state law in those states where the securities may be offered without registration in reliance on the partial preemption from the registration or qualification provisions of such state statutes under the National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996. If investors were successful in seeking rescission, we would face severe financial demands that could adversely affect our business and operations. Additionally, if we did not in fact qualify for the exemptions upon which it has relied, we may become subject to significant fines and penalties imposed by the SEC and state securities agencies. Anti-takeover effects of certain provisions of Wyoming state law hinder a potential takeover of the Company. Though not now, we may be or in the future we may become subject to Wyoming’s control share law. A corporation is subject to Wyoming’s control share law if it has more than 200 stockholders, at least 100 of whom are stockholders of record and residents of Wyoming, and it does business in Wyoming or through an affiliated corporation. The law focuses on the acquisition of a “controlling interest” which means the ownership of outstanding voting shares sufficient, but for the control share law, to enable the acquiring person to exercise the following proportions of the voting power of the corporation in the election of directors: (i) one-fifth or more but less than one-third, (ii) one-third or more but less than a majority, or (iii) a majority or more. The ability to exercise such voting power may be direct or indirect, as well as individual or in association with others. The effect of the control share law is that the acquiring person, and those acting in association with it, obtains only such voting rights in the control shares as are conferred by a resolution of the stockholders of the corporation, approved at a special or annual meeting of stockholders. The control share law contemplates that voting rights will be considered only once by the other stockholders. Thus, there is no authority to strip voting rights from the control shares of an acquiring person once those rights have been approved. If the stockholders do not grant voting rights to the control shares acquired by an acquiring person, those shares do not become permanent non-voting shares. The acquiring person is free to sell its shares to others. If the buyers of those shares themselves do not acquire a controlling interest, their shares do not become governed by the control share law. If control shares are accorded full voting rights and the acquiring person has acquired control shares with a majority or more of the voting power, any stockholder of record, other than an acquiring person, who has not voted in favor of approval of voting rights is entitled to demand fair value for such stockholder’s shares. Wyoming’s control share law may have the effect of discouraging takeovers of the corporation. In addition to the control share law, Wyoming has a business combination law which prohibits certain business combinations between Wyoming corporations and “interested stockholders” for three years after the “interested stockholder” first becomes an “interested stockholder,” unless the corporation’s board of directors approves the combination in advance. For purposes of Wyoming law, an “interested stockholder” is any person who is (i) the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation, or (ii) an affiliate or associate of the corporation and at any time within the three previous years was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of the corporation. The definition of the term “business combination” is sufficiently broad to cover virtually any kind of transaction that would 20 allow a potential acquiror to use the corporation’s assets to finance the acquisition or otherwise to benefit its own interests rather than the interests of the corporation and its other stockholders. The effect of Wyoming’s business combination law is to potentially discourage parties interested in taking control of the Company from doing so if it cannot obtain the approval of our board of directors. There is no current established trading market for our securities and if a trading market does not develop, purchasers of our securities may have difficulty selling their shares. There is currently no established public trading market for our securities and an active trading market in our securities may not develop or, if developed, may not be sustained. While we intend to seek a quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board, there can be no assurance that any such trading market will develop, and purchasers of the shares may have difficulty selling their common stock should they desire to do so. No market makers have committed to becoming market makers for our common stock and none may do so. Because we do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them. We intend to retain any future earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Unless we pay dividends, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them. There is no assurance that stockholders will be able to sell shares when desired. Opt-in right for emerging growth company We have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(2) of the Jobs Act, that allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company. As a company with less than $1.0 billion in revenue during its last fiscal year, we qualify as an "emerging growth company" as defined in the JOBS Act. For as long as a company is deemed to be an emerging growth company, it may take advantage of specified reduced reporting and other regulatory requirements that are generally unavailable to other public companies. These provisions include: - A requirement to have only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related Management's Discussion and Analysis included in an initial public offering registration statement; - an exemption to provide less than five years of selected financial data in an initial public offering registration statement; - an exemption from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of the emerging growth company's internal controls over financial reporting; - an exemption from the adoption of new or revised financial accounting standards until they would apply to private companies; - an exemption from compliance with any new requirements adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board requiring mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor's report in which the auditor would be required to provide additional information about the audit and the financial statements of the issuer; an - reduced disclosure about the emerging growth company's executive compensation arrangements An emerging growth company is also exempt from Section 404(b) of Sarbanes Oxley which requires that the registered accounting firm shall, in the same report, attest to and report on the assessment on the effectiveness of the internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting. Similarly, as a Smaller Reporting Company we are exempt from Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until such time as we 21 cease being a Smaller Reporting Company. As an emerging growth company, we are exempt from Section 14A (a) and (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 which require the shareholder approval of executive compensation and golden parachutes. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. We would cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest of: - the first fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of this offering, - the first fiscal year after our annual gross revenues are $1 billion or more, - the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt securities, or - as of the end of any fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded $700 million as of the end of the second quarter of that fiscal year. You may have limited access to information regarding our business because our obligations to file periodic reports with the SEC could be automatically suspended under certain circumstances. As of effectiveness of our registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, we will be required to file periodic reports with the SEC which will be immediately available to the public for inspection and copying (see “Where You Can Find More Information” elsewhere in this prospectus). Except during the year that our registration statement becomes effective, these reporting obligations may (in our discretion) be automatically suspended under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act if we have less than 300 shareholders and do not file a registration statement on Form 8A. If this occurs after the year in which our registration statement becomes effective, we will no longer be obligated to file periodic reports with the SEC and your access to our business information would then be even more restricted. After this registration statement on Form S-1 becomes effective, we will be required to deliver periodic reports to security holders. However, we will not be required to furnish proxy statements to security holders and our directors, officers and principal beneficial owners will not be required to report their beneficial ownership of securities to the SEC pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. Previously, a company with more than 500 shareholders of record and $10 million in assets had to register under the Exchange Act. However, the JOBS Act raises the minimum shareholder threshold from 500 to either 2,000 persons or 500 persons who are not "accredited investors" (or 2,000 persons in the case of banks and bank holding companies). The JOBS Act excludes securities received by employees pursuant to employee stock incentive plans for purposes of calculating the shareholder threshold. This means that access to information regarding our business and operations will be limited. Upon effectiveness of this registration statement, we will be subject to the 15(d) reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which does not require a company to file all the same reports and information as fully reporting companies. Upon effectiveness of this registration statement, we will be subject to the 15(d) reporting requirements according to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. As a Section 15(d) filer, we will be required to file quarterly and annual reports during the fiscal year in which our registration statement is declared effective; however, such duty to file reports shall be suspended as to any fiscal year, other than the fiscal year within which such registration statement became effective, if, at the beginning of such fiscal year the securities of each class are held of record by less than 300 persons. In addition, as a filer subject to Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, we are not required to prepare proxy or information statements; our common stock will not be subject to the protection of the going private regulations; we will be subject to only limited portions of the tender offer rules; our officers, directors, and more than ten (10%) percent shareholders are not required to file beneficial ownership reports about their holdings in our company; that these persons will not be subject to the short-swing profit recovery provisions of the Exchange Act; and that more than five percent (5%) holders of classes of our equity securities will not be required to report information about their ownership positions in 22 the securities. As such, shareholders will not have access to certain material information which would otherwise be required if it was a fully reporting company pursuant to an Exchange Act registration. If we are not required to continue filing reports under Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 in the future, for example because we have less than three hundred shareholders of record at the end of the first fiscal year in which this registration statement is declared effective, and we do not file a Registration Statement on Form 8-A, our common shares (if listed or quoted) would no longer be eligible for quotation, which could reduce the value of your investment. As a result of this offering as required under Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we will file periodic reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission as required under Section 15(d). However, if in the future we are not required to continue filing reports under Section 15(d), for example because we have less than three hundred shareholders of record at the end of the first fiscal year in which this registration statement is declared effective, and we do not file a Registration Statement on Form 8-A upon the occurrence of such an event, our common stock can no longer be quoted on the OTC Markets OTC Link, which could reduce the value of your investment. Of course, there is no guarantee that we will be able to meet the requirements to be able to cease filing reports under Section 15(d), in which case we will continue filing those reports in the years after the fiscal year in which this registration statement is declared effective. Filing a registration statement on Form 8-A will require us to continue to file quarterly and annual reports with the SEC and will also subject us to the proxy rules of the SEC. In addition, our officers, directors and 10% stockholders will be required to submit reports to the SEC on their stock ownership and stock trading activity. USE OF PROCEEDS Our offering is being made on a self-underwritten basis: no minimum number of shares must be sold in order for the offering to proceed. The offering price per share is $0.25. The total offering amount is $3,000,000. We do not intend to employ any material amount of the contemplated offering to discharge any current or future indebtedness of the Company. Moreover, we do not intend to use any proceeds of the offering to acquire any significant assets of or acquire any entity. The following table sets forth the uses of proceeds assuming the sale of 25%, 50%, 75% and 100%, respectively, of the securities offered for sale by the Company. There is no guarantee that we will receive any proceeds from the offering. 25% of Offering Sold 50% of Offering Sold 75% of Offering Sold 100% of Offering Sold Offering Proceeds Shares Sold 3,000,000 6,000,000 9,000,000 12,000,000 Gross Proceeds $750,000 $1,500,000 $2,250,000 $3,000,000 Total Before Expenses $750,000 $1,500,000 $2,250,000 $3,000,000 Offering Expenses Legal & Accounting $25,000 $25,000 $25,000 $25,000 Publishing/EDGAR $2,000 $2,000 $2,000 $2,000 Transfer Agent $1,250 $1,750 $2,500 $3,500 SEC Filing Fee $321 $321 $321 $321 Total Offering Expenses $28,571 $29,071 $29,821 $30,821 Net Offering Proceeds $721,429 $1,470,929 $2,220,179 $2,969,179 Expenditures Legal & Accounting $25,000 $40,000 $45,000 $45,000 Office Lease & Equipment $17,500 $20,000 $25,000 $50,000 Lease Deposits $200,000 $200,000 $400,000 $500,000 23 Equipment $250,000 $750,000 $1,000,000 $1,300,000 Staffing $200,000 $300,000 $450,000 $750,000 Working Capital $25,000 $150,000 $300,000 $300,000 Total Expenditures $717,500 $1,460,000 $2,220,000 $2,945,000 Net Remaining Proceeds $3,929 $10,929 $179 $24,179 The above figures represent only estimated costs. This expected use of net proceeds from this offering represents our intentions based upon our current plans and business conditions. The amounts and timing of our actual expenditures may vary significantly depending on numerous factors, including the status of and results from operations. As a result, our management will retain broad discretion over the allocation of the net proceeds from this offering. We may find it necessary or advisable to use the net proceeds from this offering for other purposes, and we will have broad discretion in the application of net proceeds from this offering. Management may elect to not spend the entirety of any funds raised in order to provide the Company with a case reserve. Furthermore, we anticipate that we will need to secure additional funding for the fully implement our business plan. In the event we are not successful in selling all of the securities we would utilize any available funds raised in the following order of priority: - for general administrative expenses, including legal and accounting fees and administrative support expenses incurred in connection with our reporting obligations with the SEC; - for lease deposits; - for equipment purchases; - for salaries for our Chief Executive Officer and the hiring of additional full-time employees; and - for working capital. Our principal corporate offices are located at 31878 Del Obispo Street, Ste 118-331, San Juan Capistrano, CA 92675. The office is provided at no cost to the Company by our Chief Executive Officer. DETERMINATION OF THE OFFERING PRICE Our management has determined the offering price for the common shares being sold in this offering. The price of the shares we are offering was arbitrarily determined. The offering price bears no relationship whatsoever to our assets, earnings, book value or other criteria of value. The factors considered were: - Our status as a developmental stage, “startup” company; - The availability, cost and timing associated with our proposed mining activities; - Prevailing market conditions, including the history and prospects for the industry in which we compete; - Our forecasted future prospects; and - Our current capital structure. Therefore, the public offering price of the shares does not necessarily bear any relationship to established valuation criteria and may not be indicative of prices that may prevail at any time or from time to time in the public market for the common stock. You cannot be sure that a public market for any of our securities will develop and continue or that the securities will ever trade at a price at or higher than the offering price in this offering. Such offering price does not have any relationship to any established criteria of value, such as book value or earnings per share. Because we have no significant operating history, the price of our common stock is not based on past earnings, nor is the price of our common stock indicative of the current market value of the assets owned by us. No valuation or appraisal has been prepared for our business and potential business expansion. Our common stock is presently not traded on any market or securities exchange and we have not applied for listing or quotation on any 24 public market. You cannot be sure that a public market for any of our securities will develop and continue or that the securities will ever trade at a price at or higher than the offering price in this offering. DILUTION If you purchase any of the shares offered by this prospectus, your ownership interest will be diluted to the extent of the difference between the initial public offering price per share and the pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value per share of our common stock immediately after this offering. Dilution results from the fact that the initial public offering price per share is substantially in excess of the book value per share attributable to the existing stockholder for the presently outstanding stock. As of December 31, 2015, our net tangible book value was $(35,125.), or $(0.00) per share of common stock. Net tangible book value per share represents the amount of our total tangible assets (excluding deferred offering costs) less total liabilities, divided by 51,000,000, the number of shares of common stock outstanding at December 31, 2015. The following table sets forth as of that date, the number of shares of common stock purchased from us and the total consideration paid by our existing stockholder and by new investors in this offering if new investors purchase 25%, 50%, 75% or 100% of the offering, after deduction of offering expenses, assuming a purchase price in this offering of $.25 per share of common stock. 25% of Offering Sold 50% of Offering Sold 75% of Offering Sold 100% of Offering Sold Offering Price Per share $0.25 $0.25 $0.25 $0.25 Post Offering Net Tangible Book Value $689,875 $1,439,875 $2,189,875 $2,939,875 Post Offering Net Tangible Book Value Per Share $0.01 $0.03 $0.04 $0.05 Pre-Offering Net Tangible Book Value Per Share ($0.00) ($0.00) ($0.00) ($0.00) Increase (Decrease) Net Tangible Book Value Per Share After Offering for Original Shareholder $0.01 $0.03 $0.04 $0.05 Dilution Per Share for New Shareholders $0.24 $0.22 $0.21 $0.20 Percentage Dilution Per Share for New Shareholders 94.89% 89.90% 85.40% 81.33% Capital Contribution by Purchasers of Shares $750,000 $1,500,000 $2,250,000 $3,000,000 Capital Contribution by Existing Shares $5,100 $5,100 $5,100 $5,100 % Contribution by Purchasers of Shares 99.32% 99.66% 99.77% 99.83% % Contribution by Existing Shareholder 0.68% 0.34% 0.23% 0.17% # of Shares After Offering Held by Public Investors 3,000,000 6,000,000 9,000,000 12,000,000 # of Shares After Offering Held by Existing Investors 51,000,000 51,000,000 51,000,000 51,000,000 Total Shares Issued and Outstanding 54,000,000 57,000,000 60,000,000 63,000,000 % of Shares - Purchasers After Offering 5.56% 10.53% 15.00% 19.05% 25 % of Shares - Existing Shareholder After Offering 94.44% 89.47% 85.00% 80.95% Assuming the Issuer sells the entire offering of 12,000,000 shares, after giving effect to the sale of common shares in this offering, and after deducting estimated offering expenses payable by us, our as adjusted net tangible book value as of December 31, 2015would have been $2,939,875, or $0.05 per share. This amount represents an immediate increase in the as-adjusted net tangible book value of $0.05 per share to our existing stockholder and an immediate dilution in the as-adjusted net tangible book value of approximately $0.20 per share to new investors purchasing common shares in this offering. We determine dilution by subtracting the as adjusted net tangible book value per share after the offering from the amount of cash that a new investor paid for a share of common stock. PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION This Prospectus relates to the sale of 12,000,000 common shares. We will sell the common shares ourselves and do not plan to use underwriters or pay any commissions. We will be selling our common shares using our best efforts and no one has agreed to buy any of our common shares. This prospectus permits our officers and directors to sell the common shares directly to the public, with no commission or other remuneration payable to them for any common shares they may sell. There is no plan or arrangement to enter into any contracts or agreements to sell the common shares with a broker or dealer. Our officers and directors will sell the common shares and intend to offer them to friends, family members and business acquaintances. There is no minimum amount of common shares we must sell so no money raised from the sale of our common shares will go into escrow, trust or another similar arrangement. The common shares are being offered by Jerome Banks, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Director. Mr. Jerome Banks will be relying on the safe harbor in Rule 3a4-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to sell the common shares. No sales commission will be paid for common shares sold by Jerome Banks. Mr. Banks is not subject to a statutory disqualification and is not an associated person of a broker or dealer. Additionally, Mr. Banks primarily performs substantial duties on behalf of the registrant otherwise than in connection with transactions in securities. Mr. Banks has not been a broker or dealer or an associated person of a broker or dealer within the preceding 12 months and they have not participated in selling an offering of securities for any issuer more than once every 12 months other than in reliance on paragraph (a)4(i) or (a)4(iii) of Rule 3a4-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The offering will terminate upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the sale of all 12,000,000 shares being offered, or (ii) 360 days after this registration statement is declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. There are no finders in this offering. Under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, our common stock will come within the definition of a “penny stock” because the price of our common stock is below $5.00 per share. As a result, our common stock will be subject to the "penny stock" rules and regulations. Broker-dealers who sell penny stocks to certain types of investors are required to comply with the Commission’s regulations concerning the transfer of penny stock. These regulations require broker-dealers to: - Make a suitability determination prior to selling penny stock to the purchaser; - Receive the purchaser’s written consent to the transaction; and - Provide certain written disclosures to the purchaser. These requirements may restrict the ability of broker/dealers to sell our common stock, and may affect the ability to resell our common stock. Market Information 26 There is no established public trading market for our securities and a regular trading market may not develop, or if developed, may not be sustained. A shareholder in all likelihood, therefore, will not be able to resell his or her securities should he or she desire to do so when eligible for public resales. Furthermore, it is unlikely that a lending institution will accept our securities as pledged collateral for loans unless a regular trading market develops. OTCQB Marketplace Considerations To be quoted on the OTCQB Marketplace, a market maker must file an application on our behalf in order to make a market for our common stock. We anticipate that after this registration statement is declared effective, market makers will enter “piggyback” quotes and our securities will thereafter trade on the OTCQB Marketplace. The OTCQB Marketplace is separate and distinct from the NASDAQ stock market. NASDAQ has no business relationship with issuers of securities quoted on the OTCQB Marketplace. The SEC’s order handling rules, which apply to NASDAQ-listed securities, do not apply to securities quoted on the OTCQB Marketplace. Although the NASDAQ stock market has rigorous listing standards to ensure the high quality of its issuers, and can delist issuers for not meeting those standards, the OTCQB Marketplace has no listing standards. Rather, it is the market maker who chooses to quote a security on the system, files the application, and is obligated to comply with keeping information about the issuer in its files. FINRA cannot deny an application by a market maker to quote the stock of a company. The only requirement for inclusion in this marketplace is that the issuer be current in its reporting requirements with the SEC. Although we anticipate listing on the OTCQB Marketplace will increase liquidity for our stock, investors may have greater difficulty in getting orders filled because it is anticipated that if our stock trades on a public market, it initially will trade on the OTCQB Marketplace rather than on NASDAQ. Investors’ orders may be filled at a price much different than expected when an order is placed. Trading activity in general is not conducted as efficiently and effectively as with NASDAQ-listed securities. Investors must contact a broker-dealer to trade OTCQB Marketplace securities. Investors do not have direct access to the marketplace’s service. For these securities, there only has to be one market maker. These transactions are conducted almost entirely manually. Because there are no automated systems for negotiating trades on this marketplace, they are conducted via telephone. In times of heavy market volume, the limitations of this process may result in a significant increase in the time it takes to execute investor orders. Therefore, when investors place market orders - an order to buy or sell a specific number of shares at the current market price - it is possible for the price of a stock to go up or down significantly during the lapse of time between placing a market order and getting execution. Because these stocks are usually not followed by analysts, there may be lower trading volume than for NASDAQ-listed securities. There is no guarantee that our stock will ever be quoted on the OTCQB Marketplace. Blue Sky Law Considerations The holders of our shares of common stock and persons who desire to purchase them in any trading market that might develop in the future should be aware that there may be significant state law restrictions upon the ability of investors to resell our shares. Accordingly, even if we are successful in having the Shares available for trading on the OTCQB Marketplace, investors should consider any secondary market for the Company's securities to be a limited one. There is no guarantee that our stock will ever be quoted on the OTCQB Marketplace . We intend to seek coverage and publication of information regarding the company in an accepted publication which permits a "manual exemption”. This manual exemption permits a security to be distributed in a particular state without being registered if the company issuing the security has a listing for that security in a securities manual recognized by the state. However, it is not enough for the security to be listed in a recognized manual. The listing entry must contain (1) the names of issuers, officers, and directors, (2) an issuer's balance sheet, and (3) a profit and loss statement for either the fiscal year 27 preceding the balance sheet or for the most recent fiscal year of operations. We may not be able to secure a listing containing all of this information. Furthermore, the manual exemption is a non-issuer exemption restricted to secondary trading transactions, making it unavailable for issuers selling newly issued securities. Most of the accepted manuals are those published in Standard and Poor's, Moody's Investor Service, Fitch's Investment Service, and Best's Insurance Reports, and many states expressly recognize these manuals. A smaller number of states declare that they “recognize securities manuals” but do not specify the recognized manuals. The following states do not have any provisions and therefore do not expressly recognize the manual exemption: AL, CA, IL, KY, LA, MT, NH, NY, PA, TN and VA We currently do not intend to and may not be able to qualify securities for resale in other states which require shares to be qualified before they can be resold by our shareholders . DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES The following description as a summary of the material terms of the provisions of our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. The Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws have been filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. Common Stock We are authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of common stock with $0.0001 par value per share. As of the date of this registration statement, there were 51,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding held by one (1) shareholder, our Chief Executive Officer and Director, Jerome Banks. Each share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote, either in person or by proxy, at meetings of shareholders. The holders are not permitted to vote their shares cumulatively. Accordingly, the shareholders of our common stock who hold, in the aggregate, more than fifty percent of the total voting rights can elect all of our directors and, in such event, the holders of the remaining minority shares will not be able to elect any of such directors. The vote of the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock entitled to vote thereon is sufficient to authorize, affirm, ratify or consent to such act or action, except as otherwise provided by law. Holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends, if any, as may be declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available. We have not paid any dividends since our inception, and we presently anticipate that all earnings, if any, will be retained for development of our business. Any future disposition of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon, among other things, our future earnings, operating and financial condition, capital requirements, and other factors. Holders of our common stock have no preemptive rights or other subscription rights, conversion rights, redemption or sinking fund provisions. Upon our liquidation, dissolution or windup, the holders of our common stock will be entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available for distribution to shareholders after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities. There are not any provisions in our Articles of Incorporation or our Bylaws that would prevent or delay change in our control. Our articles of incorporation do not provide for the issuance of any preferred stock or other class of equity securities. Upon completion of the offering, Cathedral Stock Transfer will act as the registrant's transfer agent. Dividend Policy We have never paid or declared any cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and expansion of our business. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon a number of factors, including our results of operations, 28 financial condition, future prospects, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors our board of directors deems relevant. Share Eligible for Future Sale Prior to this offering, there was no public market for our common stock. We cannot predict the effect, if any, that market sales of shares of our common stock or the availability of shares of our common stock for sale will have on the market price of our common stock. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market could adversely affect the market prices of our common stock and could impair our future ability to raise capital through the sale of our equity securities. We are authorized to issue an aggregate of 100,000,000 shares of our common stock. Of these shares, only the 12,000,000 to be registered in this offering will be freely tradeable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, unless those shares are purchased by our affiliates, as that term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act. The remaining 51,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding after this offering will be restricted as a result of securities laws. Restricted securities may be sold in the public market only if they have been registered or if they qualify for an exemption from registration under Rule 144 under the Securities Act. Implication of the Applicability of Rule 144 Sales under the Rule 144 by our affiliates or persons selling shares on behalf of our affiliates are subject to certain manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. There are zero (0) shares of our common stock held by non-affiliates and 51,000,000 shares held by affiliates that Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933 defines as restricted securities. Pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (“Rule 144”), a “shell company” is defined as a company that has no or nominal operations; and, either no or nominal assets; assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents; or assets consisting of any amount of cash and cash equivalents and nominal other assets. As such, because we have nominal assets and minimal operations, we are still considered a “shell company” pursuant to Rule 144 and as such, sales of our securities pursuant to Rule 144 are not able to be made until we have ceased to be a “shell company” and we are subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and have filed all of our required periodic reports for at least the previous one year period prior to any sale pursuant to Rule 144; and a period of at least twelve months has elapsed from the date “Form 10 information” (i.e., information similar to that which would be found in a Form 10 Registration Statement filing with the SEC has been filed with the Commission reflecting the Company’s status as a non-“shell company.” Penny Stock Considerations Our shares will be "penny stocks", as that term is generally defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to mean equity securities with a price of less than $5.00. Thus, our shares will be subject to rules that impose sales practice and disclosure requirements on broker-dealers who engage in certain transactions involving a penny stock. Under the penny stock regulations, a broker-dealer selling a penny stock to anyone other than an established customer must make a special suitability determination regarding the purchaser and must receive the purchaser's written consent to the transaction prior to the sale, unless the broker-dealer is otherwise exempt. In addition, under the penny stock regulations, the broker-dealer is required to: - Deliver, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the penny stock market, unless the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt; - Disclose commissions payable to the broker-dealer and our registered representatives and current bid and offer quotations for the securities; 29 - Send monthly statements disclosing recent price information pertaining to the penny stock held in a customer's account, the account's value, and information regarding the limited market in penny stocks; and - Make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written agreement to the transaction, prior to conducting any penny stock transaction in the customer's account. Because of these regulations, broker-dealers may encounter difficulties in their attempt to sell shares of our Common Stock, which may affect the ability of selling shareholders or other holders to sell their shares in the secondary market, and have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market. These additional sales practice and disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our securities, if our securities become publicly traded. In addition, the liquidity for our securities may be decreased, with a corresponding decrease in the price of our securities. Our shares in all probability will be subject to such penny stock rules and our shareholders will, in all likelihood, find it difficult to sell their securities. INTEREST OF NAMED EXPERTS The financial statements for the period from inception to December 31, 2015 included in this prospectus have been audited by Rick Toussaint MBA CPA who is a certified public, to the extent and for the periods set forth in our report and are incorporated herein in reliance upon such report given upon the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting. There have not been any changes in or disagreements with this firm on accounting and financial disclosure or any other matter. The legality of the shares offered under this registration statement is being passed upon by Adam S. Tracy, Esq., The Tracy Firm, Ltd., 2100 Manchester Road, Suite 615, Wheaton, IL 60187 (888) 978-9901. Mr. Tracy does not own any shares of the company. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS OPERATIONS The Company New Gold Discoveries Inc. is a development stage mining exploration company that intends to engage in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties, primarily for gold and other metals. The Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Wyoming on June 29, 2015. As an developmental stage mining company, our activities are currently focused on researching potential suitable acquisitions of mineral properties for the exploration and mining of gold and other metals and, where future efforts to develop and construct mining and processing facilities. We may decide to enter into joint ventures, partnerships or other arrangements to accomplish these activities. The Company has not acquired rights and interests in and to any mining properties, and has not commenced mining operations or generated revenues from our business operations. Since inception, the Company has incurred net losses of $40,225. If we are unable to obtain financing to meet our cash needs, we may be unable to fully implement our business plan. If we raise less than the desirable amount of financing, it may take longer to acquire any mineral claims, commence fully operational mining operations and achieve profitable operations. We currently do not have a commitment for additional debt or equity funding. There is no historical mining information about us upon which to base an evaluation of our performance. We are in start-up operations and have no revenues. We cannot guarantee we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a mining property, including limited capital resources and possible cost overruns due to price and cost increases in services and products related to exploration and mining operations. There is the likelihood that any mineral claim we will acquire in the future will contain little or no economic mineralization or reserves of gold. We can provide no assurance that any commercially viable mineral deposits will 30 exist on our future mineral claims, that we will discover commercially exploitable levels of mineral resources on our property, or, if such deposits are discovered, that we will enter into further substantial exploration programs. If a claim that we acquire does not contain any reserves, all funds that we spend on exploration will be lost. Industry Overview The Gold and Silver Ore Mining industry is one of the few industries that benefited from the economic crisis of recent years. In fact, strong demand from domestic and international investors drove gold prices to an all-time high. However , revenue has contracted since 2010 as gold prices dropped. In the five years to 2020, an improved economic outlook is expected to lead investors away from gold in favor of riskier, higher-return investments. I BISWorld believes 2015 will be the first for revenue growth in the gold sector since 2011. Despite the increase, gold is expected to decline over the next five years “with higher costs contributing to profit declining to a forecast 7.6 percent of revenue in 2020. It appears gold will settle at around the $1170 mark in 2015, a price well below production costs. Still, slight increases in production will lead to moderate revenue growth for the industry. Gold is typically sold for financial investment purposes or for fabrication into products like jewelry, silverware, art, coins, medals, dental products, or electronics. Companies in this industry develop mine sites, mine and quarry gold and silver, and prepare gold and silver for sale. Major companies include US-based Newmont Mining, Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold (FCX), and Coeur Mining, as well as Barrick and Goldcorp (both headquartered in Canada), AngloGold Ashanti and Gold Fields Limited (South Africa), and Fresnillo (UK). Demand is driven by industrial production and economic growth. Individual company profitability depends on volume and operating efficiency. Large companies have more resources to devote to discovering and developing new deposits. Small companies typically own just one mine, limit exploration to that one property, and aim to operate it as efficiently as possible. The global gold and silver mining industry is highly concentrated: the top 15 companies account for about half of global production. Business Strategy Our business strategy is to seek to acquire and advance precious metals exploration properties. We plan to perform substantial research to determine whether a potential mineral claim may likely contain gold reserves before engaging in any acquisition. We may decide to enter into joint ventures, partnerships or other arrangements to accomplish our objectives. Market for Gold In the event that gold is produced from a property that we acquire, we believe that wholesale purchasers for the gold would be readily available. Readily available wholesale purchasers of gold and other precious metals exist in the United States and throughout the world. Among the largest are Handy & Harman, Engelhard Industries and Johnson Matthey, Ltd. Historically, these markets are liquid and volatile. In 2014 and through June 1, 2015, the London Fix AM high and low gold fixes were $1,379 and $1,144.50 per troy ounce, respectively, which represents an approximately 18.5% decline in gold prices as compared to the high price in 2013. Wholesale purchase prices for precious metals can be affected by a number of factors, all of which are beyond our control, including but not limited to: · fluctuation in the supply of, demand and market price for gold; · mining activities of our competitors; · sale or purchase of gold by central banks and for investment purposes by individuals and financial institutions; · interest rates; · currency exchange rates; · inflation or deflation; · fluctuation in the value of the United States dollar and other currencies; and · political and economic conditions of major gold or other mineral-producing countries. 31 Gold ore is typically mined and leached to produce pregnant solutions, which are processed through a series of steps to recover gold and produce doré. Gold doré is then sold to refiners and smelters for the value of the minerals that it contains, less the cost of further refining and smelting. Refiners and smelters then sell the gold on the open market through brokers who work for wholesalers including the major wholesalers listed above. Gold Price Volatility The Company's profitability will be significantly affected, both positively and negatively, by changes in the market price of gold. Gold prices can fluctuate and are affected by numerous factors such as demand, central bank sales, purchases and lending, currency valuations, production levels, the expectation of inflation, forward selling by producers, investor sentiment and global or regional political and economic events. The aggregate effect of these factors, all of which are beyond our control, is impossible for management of the Company to predict. If revenue from gold sales were to decline to a point below our future cash production costs and remain below that level for any substantial period, we could determine that it is not economically feasible to continue our operations or to continue the development of some or all of our projects. Competition We compete with other exploration companies for the acquisition of a limited number of exploration rights, and many of the other exploration companies possess greater financial and technical resources than we do. The mineral exploration industry is highly fragmented, and we will be a very small participant in this sector. Many of our competitors explore for a variety of minerals and control many different properties around the world. Many of them have been in business longer than we have and have established more strategic partnerships and relationships. We will also compete with other exploration companies for the acquisition and retention of skilled technical personnel. Our competitive position depends upon our ability to acquire and explore new and existing gold properties. However, there is significant competition for properties suitable for gold exploration. Failure to achieve and maintain a competitive position could adversely impact our ability to obtain the financing necessary for us to acquire gold properties. As a result, we may be unable to continue to acquire interests in attractive properties on terms that we consider acceptable. We will be subject to competition and unforeseen limited sources of supplies in the industry in the event spot shortages arise for supplies such as explosives, and certain equipment such as drill rigs, bulldozers and excavators that we will need to conduct exploration. If we are unsuccessful in securing the products, equipment and services we need we may have to suspend our exploration plans until we are able to secure them. Research & Development Since our inception to present, we have spent no funds on research and development. Intellectual Property The Company itself does not hold any intellectual property, besides for the use of its trade name. Government Regulation The operation of mines is governed by both federal and state laws. Federal laws, such as those governing the purchase, transport or storage of explosives, and those governing mine safety and health, also apply. The Company may choose to acquire property situated adjacent to lands owned by the United States, which may require that the Company obtain certain special use permits in order to gain access to our land for exploration and mining activities Mining activities at the Company’s properties will also be subject to various environmental laws, both federal and state, including but not limited to the federal National Environmental Policy Act, CERCLA (as defined below), the Resource Recovery and Conservation Act, the Clean Water Act, the Clean Air Act and the Endangered Species Act, and certain Colorado state laws governing the discharge of pollutants and the use and discharge of water. Various 32 permits from federal and state agencies are required under many of these laws. Local laws and ordinances may also apply to such activities as siting and construction of facilities, land use, waste disposal, road use and noise levels. These laws and regulations are continually changing and, as a general matter, are becoming more restrictive. Our Company’s policy is to conduct our business in a manner that safeguards public health and mitigates the environmental effects of our business activities. The Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 , as amended (CERCLA), imposes strict, joint, and several liability on parties associated with releases or threats of releases of hazardous substances. Liable parties include, among others, the current owners and operators of facilities at which hazardous substances were disposed or released into the environment and past owners and operators of properties who owned such properties at the time of such disposal or release. This liability could include response costs for removing or remediating the release and damages to natural resources. Our properties, because of past mining activities, could give rise to potential liability under CERCLA. Under the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA) and related state laws, mining companies may incur costs for generating, transporting, treating, storing, or disposing of hazardous or solid wastes associated with certain mining-related activities. RCRA costs may also include corrective action or clean up costs. Future mining operations may produce air emissions, including fugitive dust and other air pollutants, from stationary equipment, such as crushers and storage facilities, and from mobile sources such as trucks and heavy construction equipment. All of these sources are subject to review, monitoring, permitting, and/or control requirements under the federal Clean Air Act and related state air quality laws. Air quality permitting rules may impose limitations on our production levels or create additional capital expenditures in order to comply with the permitting conditions. Under the federal Clean Water Act , point-source discharges into Waters of the State are regulated by the National Pollution Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) program. Stormwater discharges also are regulated and permitted under that statute. Section 404 of the Clean Water Act regulates the discharge of dredge and fill material into Waters of the United States, including wetlands. All of those programs may impose permitting and other requirements on our operations. The National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) requires an assessment of the environmental impacts of major federal actions. The federal action requirement must be satisfied if the project involves federal land or if the federal government provides financing or permitting approvals. NEPA does not establish any substantive standards, but requires the analysis of any potential impacts. The scope of the assessment process depends on the size of the project. An Environmental Assessment (EA) may be adequate for smaller projects. An Environmental Impact Statement (EIS), which is much more detailed and broader in scope than an EA, is required for larger projects. NEPA compliance requirements for any of our proposed projects could result in additional costs or delays. The Endangered Species Act (ESA) is administered by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service of the U.S. Department of Interior. The purpose of the ESA is to conserve and recover listed endangered and threatened species and their habitat. Under the ESA, endangered means that a species is in danger of extinction throughout all or a significant portion of its range. The term threatened under such statute means that a species is likely to become endangered within the foreseeable future. Under the ESA, it is unlawful to take a listed species, which can include harassing or harming members of such species or significantly modifying their habitat. Future identification of endangered species or habitat in our project areas may delay or adversely affect our operations. U.S. federal and state reclamation requirements often mandate concurrent reclamation and require permitting in addition to the posting of reclamation bonds, letters of credit or other financial assurance sufficient to guarantee the cost of reclamation. If reclamation obligations are not met, the designated agency could draw on these bonds or letters of credit to fund expenditures for reclamation requirements. Reclamation requirements generally include stabilizing, contouring and re-vegetating disturbed lands, controlling drainage from portals and waste rock dumps, removing roads and structures, neutralizing or removing process solutions, monitoring groundwater at the mining site, and maintaining visual aesthetics. Employees We have one employee, our Chief Executive Officer Jerome Banks. Mr. Banks spends at least 140 hours a month on the affairs of the company. We will hire necessary personnel based on an as-needed basis only and on a per-contract basis to be compensated directly from revenues . Legal Proceedings 33 We know of no existing or pending legal proceedings against us, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or any of their respective affiliates, or any beneficial stockholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest. Properties Our principal offices are located at 31878 Del Obispo Street, Suite 118-331, San Juan Capistrano, CA 92675. We currently own no mineral properties. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS, AND CONTROL PERSONS The board of directors elects our executive officers annually. A majority vote of the directors who are in office is required to fill vacancies. Each director shall be elected for the term of one year, and until her successor is elected and qualified, or until her earlier resignation or removal. Our directors and executive officers are as follows: Name Age Position Jerome Banks 44 Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Director Jerome Banks, Chief Executive Officer Jerome Banks is our Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, and sole Director. Mr. Banks has been a self-employed consulting economic geologist specializing in precious and base metal exploration since 2006. His practice focuses primarily on early stage exploration. In the last several years, he has explored both the Friday and Grizzly Bear mines in Alaska, as well as mines in Mexico and Central America. Due to non-disclosure agreements with his previous employer, Mr. Banks is prohibited from disclosing any further information with regard to his previous positions and employment responsibilities. Mr. Banks will continue in his capacity as CEO and Secretary at least until the next annual meeting of shareholders of the Company, which will be held within six months of our fiscal year end, December 31 st. Code of Ethics Policy We have not yet adopted a code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. Board Composition Our Bylaws provide that the Board of Directors shall consist of no more than three (3) directors. Each director of the Company serves until his successor is elected and qualified, subject to removal by the Company’s majority shareholders. Each officer shall hold their offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined by the Board of Directors, and shall hold his office until his successor is elected and qualified, or until his earlier resignation or removal. Potential Conflicts of Interest Since we do not have an audit or compensation committee comprised of independent directors, the functions that would have been performed by such committees are performed by our directors. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in that our directors and officers have the authority to determine issues concerning management compensation and audit issues that may affect management decisions. We are not aware of any other conflicts of interest with any of our executives or directors. Director Independence Our board of directors has undertaken a review of the independence of each director and considered whether any director has a material relationship with us that could compromise his ability to exercise independent judgment in 34 carrying out his responsibilities. As a result of this review, our board of directors determined that our directors do not meet the independence requirements, according to the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC. Corporate Governance There have been no changes in any state law or other procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. In addition to having no nominating committee for that purpose, we currently have no specific audit committee and no audit committee financial expert. Based on the fact that our current business affairs are simple, any such committees are excessive and beyond the scope of our business and needs. Family Relationships None. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings No officer, director, or persons nominated for such positions, promoter or significant employee has been involved in the last ten years in any of the following: • Any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time, • Any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses), • Being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting her involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities, • Being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated. • Having any government agency, administrative agency, or administrative court impose an administrative finding, order, decree, or sanction against them as a result of their involvement in any type of business, securities, or banking activity. • Being the subject of a pending administrative proceeding related to their involvement in any type of business, securities, or banking activity. • Having any administrative proceeding been threatened against you related to their involvement in any type of business, securities, or banking activity. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Since inception, we have not paid any compensation to our officers or directors. We may elect to award a cash bonus to key employees, directors, officers and consultants based on meeting individual and corporate planned objectives. We do not have any standard arrangements by which directors are compensated for any services provided as a director. No cash has been paid to the directors in their capacity as such. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following tables set forth the ownership, as of the date of this prospectus, of our common stock by each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding common stock, our directors, and our executive officers and directors as a group. To the best of our knowledge, the persons named have sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares, except as otherwise noted. There are not any pending or anticipated arrangements that may cause a change in control. The information presented below regarding beneficial ownership of our voting securities has been presented in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not necessarily indicative of ownership for any other purpose. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a "beneficial owner" of a security if that person has or shares the power to vote or direct the voting of the security or the power to dispose or direct the disposition of the security. 35 A person is deemed to own beneficially any security as to which such person has the right to acquire sole or shared voting or investment power within 60 days through the conversion or exercise of any convertible security, warrant, option or other right. More than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities. The percentage of beneficial ownership by any person as of a particular date is calculated by dividing the number of shares beneficially owned by such person, which includes the number of shares as to which such person has the right to acquire voting or investment power within 60 days, by the sum of the number of shares outstanding as of such date plus the number of shares as to which such person has the right to acquire voting or investment power within 60 days. Consequently, the denominator used for calculating such percentage may be different for each beneficial owner. Except as otherwise indicated below and under applicable community property laws, we believe that the beneficial owners of our common stock listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. The business address of the shareholders is 318 McMicken Street, Rawlins, WY 82301. Name Number of Shares of Common stock Percentage Jerome Banks 51,000,000 100 % All executive officers and directors as a group [1 person] 51,000,000 100 % This table is based upon information derived from our stock records. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table and subject to community property laws where applicable, each of the shareholders named in this table has sole or shared voting and investment power with respect to the shares indicated as beneficially owned. Except as set forth above, applicable percentages are based upon 51,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding as of April 26, 2016. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS Director Independence The registrant's board of directors consists of Mr. Jerome Banks. He is not independent as such term is defined by a national securities exchange or an inter-dealer quotation system. Mr. Banks owns 51,000,000 common shares for which he paid $100. Advances from Related Parties Jerome Banks, our Chief Executive Officer, has extended loans to the Company in the amount of $34,900 to cover the costs of legal and accounting associated with this offering. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes, and other financial information included in this Form S-1. Our Management’s Discussion and Analysis contains not only statements that are historical facts, but also statements that are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are, by their very nature, uncertain and risky. These risks and uncertainties include international, national, and local general economic and market conditions; our ability to sustain, manage, or forecast growth; our ability to successfully make and integrate acquisitions; new product development and introduction; existing government regulations and changes in, or the failure to comply with, government regulations; adverse publicity; competition; the loss of significant customers or suppliers; fluctuations and difficulty in forecasting operating results; change in business strategy or development plans; business disruptions; the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; the ability to protect technology; the risk of foreign 36 currency exchange rate; and other risks that might be detailed from time to time in our filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Although the forward-looking statements in this Registration Statement reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by them. Consequently, and because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, the actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking statements. You are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report and in our other reports as we attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and prospects. Overview New Gold Discoveries Inc. is a development stage mining exploration company that intends to engage in the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties, primarily for gold and other metals. The Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Wyoming on June 29, 2015. As a development stage mining company, our activities are currently focused on researching potential suitable acquisitions of mineral properties for the exploration and mining of gold and other metals and, where future efforts to develop and construct mining and processing facilities. We may decide to enter into joint ventures, partnerships or other arrangements to accomplish these activities. The Company has not acquired rights and interests in and to any mining properties, and has not commenced mining operations or generated revenues from our business operations. If we are unable to obtain financing to meet our cash needs, we may be unable to fully implement our business plan. If we raise less than the desirable amount of financing, it may take longer to acquire any mineral claims, commence fully operational mining operations and achieve profitable operations. We currently do not have a commitment for additional debt or equity funding. There is no historical mining information about us upon which to base an evaluation of our performance. We are in start-up operations and have no revenues. We cannot guarantee we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a mining property, including limited capital resources and possible cost overruns due to price and cost increases in services and products related to exploration and mining operations. Plan of Operations Our plan of operations for the next twelve (12) months is as follows: Research Equipment, Technologies, and Contractors and Other Staffing: Mos 1-3 Conduct all necessary research in the winter prior to beginning operations. Specifically, research mining technologies and equipment, best method for sourcing said technologies and equipment, and all contracting and staffing needs. Estimated Cost: $25,000 - $200,000 Conduct Feasibility Survey on Potential Lands; Purchase Equipment and Technologies; Staffing: Months 3-6 Conduct feasibility surveys and studies on potential mining opportunities. Move forward with purchasing all previously researched components of business. Estimated Cost: $500,000 - $1,000,000 Begin Mining Operations: Months 6-12 Begin mining operations in Alaska in the summer of 2016. 37 Estimated Costs: $2,000,000 - $2,500,000 Results of Operations We are presently in the development stage of our business and have not earned any revenues to date. We do not currently own any mineral claims, and we do not anticipate earning revenues until we acquire and develop mining properties with proven reserves. Our cash balance is $XX as of the period ending September 30, 2015 with $XXX in liabilities. Our cash balance is not sufficient to fund our limited levels of operations for any period of time without further revenue or proceeds from this offering. We may utilize funds from Mr. Banks our Chief Executive Officer and director, who has informally agreed to advance funds to allow us to pay for offering costs, filing fees, and professional fees. Mr. Banks, however, has no formal commitment, arrangement or legal obligation to advance or loan funds to the company. In order to implement our plan of operations for the next twelve month period, we require a minimum of $475,000 of funding from this offering. After the initial twelve month period we may need additional financing. We do not currently have any arrangements for additional financing. We have incurred losses of $40,225 due to expenses incurred in the organization of the company and this offering, including legal fees of $5,000 and accounting fees of $2,000. In order to fully implement our business plan, we will be required to raise the maximum aggregate amount of this offering. If we do not receive any proceeds from the offering, we may be compelled to seek a loan from Mr. Banks, who has informally agreed to advance us funds. However, he has no formal commitment, arrangement or legal obligation to advance or loan funds to the Company. To meet our need for cash we are attempting to raise money from this offering. If we are unable to successfully find customers we may quickly use up the proceeds from this offering and will need to find alternative sources. At the present time, we have not made any arrangements to raise additional cash, other than through this offering. If we need additional cash and cannot raise it, we will either have to suspend operations until we do raise the cash, or cease operations entirely. Purchase and Sale of Equipment We presently have no equipment. Income & Operation Taxes We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. Net Loss We incurred net losses of $40,225 for the period from inception to December 31, 2015 Controls and Procedures We are not currently required to maintain an effective system of internal controls. We will be required to comply with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014. As of the date of this prospectus, we have not completed an assessment, nor have our auditors tested our systems of internal controls. Because it will take time, management involvement and perhaps outside resources to determine what internal control improvements are necessary for us to meet regulatory requirements and market expectations for our operations, we may incur significant expense in meeting our public reporting responsibilities, particularly in the areas of designing, 38 enhancing, or remediating internal and disclosure controls. Doing so effectively may also take longer than we expect, thus increasing our exposure to financial fraud or erroneous financing reporting. Once our management’s report on internal controls is complete, we will retain our independent auditors to audit and render an opinion on such report when required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The independent auditors may identify additional issues concerning our operations while performing their audit of internal control over financial reporting. Development Stage Since its inception, the Company has devoted substantially all of its efforts to business planning, research and development, recruiting management and staff and raising capital. Accordingly, the Company is considered to be in the development stage. The Company has generated minimal revenues from operations and therefore lacks meaningful capital reserves. Liquidity and Capital Resources We are a development stage company and have had limited activity. Since we have received no revenue from the production of gold or other metals, we have relied on funds received in connection with our equity and debt offerings to finance our ongoing operations. We have experienced net losses since inception. We are attempting to raise funds to proceed with our plan of operation. To proceed with our operations within 12 months, we need a minimum of $475,000. Our capital requirements for the foreseeable future include acquisition of a suitable mining claim and our corporate overhead expenses. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to sell all the shares required to satisfy our 12 months financial requirement. If we are successful, any money raised will be applied to the items set forth in the Use of Proceeds section of this prospectus. We will attempt to raise at least the minimum funds necessary to proceed with our plan of operation. The minimum amount of the offering will likely allow us to operate for at least one year and have the capital resources required to cover the material costs with becoming a publicly reporting. The company anticipates over the next 12 months the cost of being a reporting public company will be approximately $25,000. We are highly dependent upon the success of this offering, as described herein. Therefore, the failure thereof would result in the need to seek capital from other resources such as taking loans, which would likely not even be possible for the Company. However, if such financing were available, because we are a development stage company with no operations to date, we would likely have to pay additional costs associated with high risk loans and be subject to an above market interest rate. At such time these funds are required, management would evaluate the terms of such debt financing. If the Company cannot raise additional proceeds via a private placement of its equity or debt securities, or secure a loan, the Company would be required to cease business operations. As a result, investors would lose all of their investment. Additionally, the Company will have to meet all the financial disclosure and reporting requirements associated with being a publicly reporting company. The Company’s management will have to spend additional time on policies and procedures to make sure it is compliant with various regulatory requirements, especially that of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. This additional corporate governance time required of management could limit the amount of time management has to implement the business plan and may impede the speed of its operations. 39 DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant as provided in the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities, other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding, is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such. 40 NEW GOLD DISCOVERIES, INC. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the period ended December 31, 2015 CONTENTS: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 42 Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2015 43 Statement of Operations for the period from June 29, 2015 to December 31, 2015 44 Statements of Stockholder's Deficit for the period from June 29, 2015 to December 31, 2015 45 Statements of Cash Flows for the period from June 29, 2015to December 31, 2015 46 Notes to the Financial Statements 47 41 REPORT OF THE INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Board of Directors and Shareholders New Gold Discoveries Incorporated: I have audited the accompanying balance sheets of New Gold Discoveries Incorporated, (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2015 and the related statements of operations, stockholders' deficit and cash flows for the period of Inception (June 29, 2015), though the period ended December 31, 2015. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. My responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on my audit. I conducted my audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that I plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatements. I was not engaged to perform an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. My audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, I express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. I believe that my audit provides a reasonable basis for my opinion. In my opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of New Gold Discoveries Incorporated as of December 31, 2015 and the results of its operations and cash flows the period of June 29, 2015 (Inception) through the period ended December 31, 2015, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered losses from operations and negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 9. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. /s/K.Brice Toussaint K. Brice Toussaint Dallas TX April 26, 2015 42 NEW GOLD DISCOVERIES, INC. BALANCE SHEET as of ASSETS Dec. 31, 2015 $ Current Assets: Cash 0 Prepaid expenses Total Current Assets 0 TOTAL ASSETS 0 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY Current liabilities: Accrued Expenses 225 Related Party Officer Loan 34,900 Total Current Liabilities 34,900 Total Liabilities 35,125 Stockholders’ Equity Common Stock, Par Value $0.0001, 100,000,000 Authorized, 51,000,000 Issued & Outstanding 5,100 Paid In Capital Prior Accumulated Retained Earnings - Current net profit (loss) (40,225) Less: Dividends - Total Shareholders’ Equity (35,125) TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY 0 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 43 NEW GOLD DISCOVERIES, INC. STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS From June 29, 2015 to December 31, 2015 $ Revenue 0 Operating expenses: 40, 225 Total operating expenses 40, 225 Net loss (40,225) Net loss per common share - basic and diluted: Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders 0.00079 Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding 51,000,000 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 44 NEW GOLD DISCOVERIES, INC. STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDER’S DEFICIT for the period of June 29, 2015 (inception) to December 31, 2015 Earnings Deficit Common Stock Additional Paid In Capital Accumulated During Startup Total Stockholder’s Deficit Shares Amount $ $ $ Beginning Balance, June 29, 2015 (Inception) - 0 Issuance of Common Stock $0.001 Par Value 51,000,000 5,100 - 0 5,100 Additional Paid In Capital Net Income (Loss) - (40,225) (40,225) Ending Balance, December 31, 2015 51,000,000 5,100 - (40,225) (35,125) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 45 NEW GOLD DISCOVERIES, INC. STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FROM THE PERIOD June 29, 2015 (INCEPTION) TO December 31, 2015 From June 29, 2015 (Inception) to December 31, 2015 $ Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net loss (40,225) Increase in accrued expenses: 225 Net cash used in operating activities (40,000) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Common Stock issued 5,100 Related Party Loan 34,900 Net Cash Flows From Financing Activities 40,000 Net Increase In Cash 0 Cash – Beginning - Cash – Ending 0 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 46 Note 1. Organization, History and Business New Gold Discoveries, Inc. is a Wyoming corporation (the “Company”), incorporated under the laws of the State of Wyoming on June 29, 2015. The business plan of the Company is to acquire and begin mining operations on a gold mining claim in Alaska. Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Revenue Recognition The Company will recognize revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification No. 605, “Revenue Recognition” ("ASC-605"), ASC-605 requires that four basic criteria must be met before revenue can be recognized: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery has occurred; (iii) the selling price is fixed and determinable; and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. Determination of criteria (iii) and (iv) are based on management's judgments regarding the fixed nature of the selling prices of the products delivered and the collectability of those amounts. Provisions for discounts and rebates to customers, estimated returns and allowances, and other adjustments are provided for in the same period the related sales are recorded. The Company will defer any revenue for which the product has not been delivered or is subject to refund until such time that the Company and the customer jointly determine that the product has been delivered or no refund will be required. Accounts Receivable Accounts receivable is reported at the customers’ outstanding balances, less any allowance for doubtful accounts. Interest is not accrued on overdue accounts receivable. Allowance for Doubtful Accounts An allowance for doubtful accounts on accounts receivable is charged to operations in amounts sufficient to maintain the allowance for uncollectible accounts at a level management believes is adequate to cover any probable losses. Management determines the adequacy of the allowance based on historical write-off percentages and information collected from individual customers. Accounts receivable are charged off against the allowance when collectability is determined to be permanently impaired. Stock Based Compensation When applicable, the Company will account for stock-based payments to employees in accordance with ASC 718, “Stock Compensation” (“ASC 718”). Stock-based payments to employees include grants of stock, grants of stock options and issuance of warrants that are recognized in the consolidated statement of operations based on their fair values at the date of grant. The Company accounts for stock-based payments to non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50, “Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees.” Stock-based payments to non-employees include grants of stock, grants of stock options and issuances of warrants that are recognized in the consolidated statement of operations based on the value of the vested portion of the award over the requisite service period as measured at its then-current fair value as of each financial reporting date. The Company calculates the fair value of option grants and warrant issuances utilizing the Binomial pricing model. The amount of stock-based compensation recognized during a period is based on the value of the portion of the awards that are ultimately expected to vest. ASC 718 requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time stock options are granted and warrants are issued to employees and non-employees, and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. The term “forfeitures” is distinct from “cancellations” or “expirations” and represents only the unvested portion of the surrendered stock option or warrant. The Company estimates forfeiture rates for all unvested awards when calculating the expense for the period. In estimating the forfeiture rate, the Company monitors both stock option and warrant exercises as well as employee termination patterns. The resulting stock-based compensation expense for both employee and non- 47 employee awards is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the period in which the Company expects to receive the benefit, which is generally the vesting period. During the period June 29, 2015 (inception) through December 31, 2015, the Company did not recognize any stock-based compensation. No options have been granted to date. Loss per Share The Company reports earnings (loss) per share in accordance with ASC Topic 260-10, " Earnings per Share ." Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing income (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares available. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed similar to basic earnings (loss) per share except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common shares had been issued and if the additional common shares were dilutive. Diluted earnings (loss) per share has not been presented since there are no dilutive securities. Cash and Cash Equivalents For purpose of the statements of cash flows, the Company considers cash and cash equivalents to include all stable, highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less. Concentration of Credit Risk The Company primarily transacts its business with one financial institution. The amount on deposit in that one institution may from time to time exceed the federally-insured limit. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Business segments ASC 280, “Segment Reporting” requires use of the “management approach” model for segment reporting. The management approach model is based on the way a company’s management organizes segments within the company for making operating decisions and assessing performance. The Company determined it has one operating segment as of December 31, 2015. Income Taxes The Company accounts for its income taxes under the provisions of ASC Topic 740, “Income Taxes .” The method of accounting for income taxes under ASC 740 is an asset and liability method. The asset and liability method requires the recognition of deferred tax liabilities and assets for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between tax bases and financial reporting bases of other assets and liabilities. Recent Accounting Pronouncements The Company continually assesses any new accounting pronouncements to determine their applicability to the Company. Where it is determined that a new accounting pronouncement affects the Company’s financial reporting, the Company undertakes a study to determine the consequence of the change to its financial statements and assures that there are proper controls in place to ascertain that the Company’s financials properly reflect the change. The Company currently does not have any recent accounting pronouncements that they are studying and feel may be applicable. Note 3. Income Taxes 48 Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed annually for differences between financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. Income tax expense is the tax payable or refundable for the period plus or minus the change during the period in deferred tax assets and liabilities. The effective tax rate on the net loss before income taxes differs from the U.S. statutory rate as follows: 12/31/15 U.S statutory rate 34 % Less valuation allowance (34 )% Effective tax rate 0 % The significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: 12/31/15 Deferred tax assets Net operating losses $ () Deferred tax liability - Net deferred tax assets 13,677 Less valuation allowance (13,677) Deferred tax asset - net valuation allowance $ - On an interim basis, the Company has a net operating loss carryover of approximately $40,225 available to offset future income for income tax reporting purposes, which will expire in various years through 2032, if not previously utilized. However, the Company’s ability to use the carryover net operating loss may be substantially limited or eliminated pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 382. The Company adopted the provisions of ASC 740-10-50, formerly FIN 48, and “Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes”. The Company had no material unrecognized income tax assets or liabilities as of December 31, 2015. 49 The Company’s policy regarding income tax interest and penalties is to expense those items as general and administrative expense but to identify them for tax purposes. During the period June 29, 2015 (inception) through December 31, 2015, there were no income tax, or related interest and penalty items in the income statement, or liabilities on the balance sheet. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and Nevada state jurisdiction. We are not currently involved in any income tax examinations. Note 4. Related Party Transactions Our Chief Executive Officer has extended the Company a loan in the amount of $34,900 on July 2, 2015. The loan has no term and is payable upon demand. The loan bears no interest. On July 2, 2015 the Company issued 51,000,000 of its authorized common stock to Jerome Banks for $5,100. Note 5. Stockholders’ Equity Common Stock The holders of the Company's common stock are entitled to one vote per share of common stock held. As of December 31, 2015 the Company had 51,000,000 shares issued and outstanding. Note 6. Commitments and Contingencies Commitments: The Company currently has no long term commitments as of our balance sheet date. Contingencies: None as of our balance sheet date. Note 7 – Net Income (Loss) Per Share The following table sets forth the information used to compute basic and diluted net income per share attributable to New Gold Discoveries, Inc. for the period June 29, 2015 (inception) through December 31, 2015: 2015 Net Income (Loss) $ (40,225) Weighted-average common shares outstanding basic: 51,000,000 Weighted-average common stock Equivalents 51,000,000 Stock options 0 Warrants 0 50 Convertible Notes 0 Weighted-average common shares outstanding- Diluted 51,000,000 Basic and Diluted Loss Per Share $(0.00) Note 8. Notes Payable None. Note 9. Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. Currently, the Company has no operating history and has incurred an operating loss of $40,225, working capital deficit of $35,125 and as of December 31, 2015 the Company had an accumulated deficit of $35,125. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management believes that the Company’s capital requirements will depend on many factors including the success of the Company’s development efforts and its efforts to raise capital. Management also believes the Company needs to raise additional capital for working capital purposes. There is no assurance that such financing will be available in the future. The conditions described above raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets, or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Note 10 . Subsequent Events None. 51 Up to a Maximum of 12,000,000 Common Shares at $.25 per Common Share Prospectus New Gold Discoveries, Inc. April 26, 2016 YOU SHOULD ONLY RELY ON THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PROSPECTUS. WE HAVE NOT AUTHORIZED ANYONE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION DIFFERENT FROM THAT CONTAINED IN THIS PROSPECTUS. WE ARE OFFERING TO SELL, AND SEEKING OFFERS TO BUY, COMMON SHARES ONLY IN JURISDICTIONS WHERE OFFERS AND SALES ARE PERMITTED. Until ____________, all dealers that effect transactions in these securities, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers' obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions. 52 PART II. INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS ITEM 13. OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION The following table sets forth costs and expenses payable by the Company in connection with the sale of common shares being registered. All amounts except the SEC filing fee are estimates. SEC Registration Fee $ 300 EDGAR/Printing Expenses $ 2000 Auditor Fees and Expenses $ 10,000 Legal Fees and Expenses $ 7,500 Transfer Agent Fees $ 3,500 TOTAL $ 23,300 The organization cost were all expensed in the period presented. Prior to the Company bank account being opened our Chief Executive Officer advanced $34,900 for legal and auditor fees associated with this offering ITEM 14. INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS . The Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws of our Company provide that our Company will indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by the Wyoming Revised Statutes, each person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of our Company, or who serves or served any other enterprise or organization at the request of our Company. Pursuant to Wyoming law, this includes elimination of liability for monetary damages for breach of the directors’ fiduciary duty of care to our Company and its stockholders. These provisions do not eliminate the directors’ duty of care and, in appropriate circumstances, equitable remedies such as injunctive or other forms of non-monetary relief will remain available under Wyoming law. In addition, each director will continue to be subject to liability for breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to our Company, for acts or omissions not in good faith or involving intentional misconduct, for knowing violations of law, for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit, and for payment of dividends or approval of stock repurchases or redemptions that are unlawful under Wyoming law. The provision also does not affect a director’s responsibilities under any other laws, such as the federal securities laws or state or federal environmental laws. We have not entered into any agreements with our directors and executive officers that require us to indemnify these persons against expenses, judgments, fines, settlements and other amounts actually and reasonably incurred (including expenses of a derivative action) in connection with any proceeding, whether actual or threatened, to which any such person may be made a party by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director or officer of our Company or any of our affiliated enterprises. We do not maintain any policy of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance that insures its directors and officers against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment under any circumstances. ITEM 15. RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES On July 2, 2015 the Company issued 51,000,000 of its authorized common stock to Jerome Banks in exchange for $5,100. The unregistered securities were issued pursuant to an exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and involved transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering. ITEM 16. EXHIBITS Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant (filed herewith) 53 3.2 Bylaws of the Registrant (filed herewith) 5.1 Opinion re: Legality and Consent of Counsel (filed herewith) 23.1 Consent of Auditor (filed herewith) All other Exhibits called for by Rule 601 of Regulation SK are not applicable to this filing. ____________ (1) Information pertaining to our common stock is contained in our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. ITEM 17. UNDERTAKINGS The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes: (a)(1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales of securities are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement to: (i) Include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) (§230.424(b) of this chapter) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement. (iii) To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (4) That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser: (i) If the registrant is subject to Rule 430C, each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. (5) That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities: The undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the 54 underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or our securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 (the “Act”) may be permitted to our directors, officer and controlling persons pursuant to the provisions above, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act, and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities, other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by one of our directors, officer, or controlling persons in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding, is asserted by one of our directors, officer, or controlling persons in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act, and we will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 55 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in the city of San Juan Capistrano, California on April 26, 2016. New Gold Discoveries, Inc. By: /s/ Jerome Banks Name: Jerome Banks Title: Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement was signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates stated. Signature Title Date /s Jerome Banks Jerome Banks Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) April 26, 2016
