As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 30, 2016 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 ______________ Form S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 ______________ Stellar Acquisition III Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) ______________ Republic of Marshall Islands 6770 N/A (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 90 Kifissias Avenue Maroussi 15125 Athens, Greece Tel: +30 210 876-4858 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) ______________ Prokopios (Akis) Tsirigakis c/o Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP 1345 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10105 Telephone: (212) 370-1300 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) ______________ Copies to: Stuart Neuhauser, Esq. Barry I. Grossman, Esq. Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP 1345 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10105 Telephone: (212) 370-1300 Dennis Reeder, Esq. Reeder & Simpson, P.C. P.O. Box 601 Majuro, Marshall Islands 96960 Telephone: 011-692-625-3602 Mitchell S. Nussbaum, Esq. Giovanni Caruso, Esq. Loeb & Loeb LLP 345 Park Avenue New York, New York 10154 Telephone: (212) 407-4000 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this registration statement. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933 check the following box. ¨ If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer ¨ Accelerated filer ¨ Non-accelerated filer x Smaller reporting company ¨ (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of Each Class of Security Being Registered Amount Being Registered Proposed Maximum Offering Price per Security (1) Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price (1) Amount of Registration Fee Units, each consisting of one share of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and one warrant (2) 9,200,000 Units $ 10.00 $ 92,000,000 $ 9,264.40 Shares of common stock included as part of the units (3) 9,200,000 Shares — — — (4) Warrants included as part of the units (3) 9,200,000 Warrants — — — (4) Total $ 92,000,000 $ 9,264.40 ____________ (1) Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee. (2) Includes 1,200,000 units, consisting of 1,200,000 shares of common stock and 1,200,000 warrants, which may be issued upon exercise of a 45-day option granted to the underwriters to cover over-allotments, if any. (3) Pursuant to Rule 416, there are also being registered an indeterminable number of additional securities as may be issued to prevent dilution resulting from stock splits, stock dividends or similar transactions. (4) No fee pursuant to Rule 457(g). The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. The information in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This preliminary prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS Subject to Completion Dated June 30, 2016 $80,000,000 8,000,000 Units Stellar Acquisition III Inc. is a newly organized blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination. This is an initial public offering of our securities. Each unit has an offering price of $10.00 and consists of one share of our common stock and one warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in this prospectus. We have also granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,200,000 units to cover over-allotments, if any. We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of our common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account described below as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and working capital released to us) divided by the number of then outstanding shares of common stock that were sold as part of the units in this offering, which we refer to collectively as our public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. If we are unable to complete our business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus), we will redeem 100% of the public shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to $50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable and working capital released to us) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Currently, there is no public market for our units, common stock or warrants. We have applied to list our units on the NASDAQ Capital Market, or NASDAQ, under the symbol “STLRU” on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. The common stock and warrants comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 52 nd day following the date of this prospectus unless Maxim Group LLC informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our having filed a Current Report on Form 8-K and having issued a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, we expect that the common stock and warrants will be listed on NASDAQ under the symbols “STLR” and “STLRW,” respectively. We cannot guarantee that our securities will be approved for listing on NASDAQ. Dominium Investments Inc. and Firmus Investments Inc. have committed to purchase an aggregate of 7,300,000 warrants (or 7,540,000 warrants if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a price of $0.50 per warrant ($3,650,000 in the aggregate, or $3,770,000 in the aggregate if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) in a private placement that will close simultaneously with the closing of this offering. We refer to these warrants throughout this prospectus as the private placement warrants. Each private placement warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of our common stock at $11.50 per share. We are an “emerging growth company” under applicable federal securities laws and will be subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 24 for a discussion of information that should be considered in connection with an investment in our securities. Investors will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. No securities are being offered to the public in the Republic of the Marshall Islands. Per Unit Total Public offering price $ 10.00 $ 80,000,000 Underwriting discounts and commissions (1) $ 0.453125 $ 3,625,000 Proceeds, before expenses, to us $ 9.546875 $ 76,375,000 ____________ (1) Includes $0.25 per unit, or approximately $2,000,000 (or up to approximately $2,300,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) in the aggregate payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions to be placed in a trust account located in the United States as described herein. No up-front commissions relating to the exercise of the underwriter’s over-allotment option will be paid to the underwriters. The deferred commissions will be released to the underwriters only on completion of an initial business combination, in an amount equal to $0.25 multiplied by the number of shares of common stock sold as part of the units in this offering, as described in this prospectus. Does not include certain fees and expenses payable to the underwriters in connection with this offering. See also “Underwriting” beginning on page 133 for a description of compensation and other items of value payable to the underwriters. Of the proceeds we receive from this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants described in this prospectus, $80.8 million or approximately $92.9 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full ($10.10 per unit), will initially be deposited into a trust account with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee (subject to increase of up to an additional $0.20 per unit in the event that our sponsors elect to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus). The underwriters are offering the units for sale on a firm commitment basis. The underwriters expect to deliver the units to the purchasers on or about ________, 2016. Maxim Group LLC , 2016 You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus. We have not, and the underwriters have not, authorized anyone to provide you with different information. If anyone provides you with different or inconsistent information, you should not rely on it. We are not, and the underwriters are not, making an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. You should not assume that the information contained in this prospectus is accurate as of any date other than the date on the front of this prospectus. STELLAR ACQUISITION III INC. TABLE OF CONTENTS Summary 1 Summary Financial Data 23 Risk Factors 24 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 55 Use of Proceeds 56 Dividend Policy 59 Dilution 60 Capitalization 62 Management’s Discussion And Analysis of Financial Condition And Results of Operations 63 Proposed Business 68 Management 93 Principal Shareholders 102 Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions 105 Description of Securities 107 Marshall Islands Company Considerations 117 Taxation 123 Note on Enforceability of Civil Liabilities 132 Underwriting 133 Legal Matters 141 Experts 141 Where You Can Find Additional Information 141 Index To Financial Statements F-1 i Summary This summary only highlights the more detailed information appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. As this is a summary, it does not contain all of the information that you should consider in making an investment decision. You should read this entire prospectus carefully, including the information under “Risk Factors” and our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus, before investing. Unless otherwise stated in this prospectus, references to: • “BCA” are to the Business Corporations Act of the Republic of Marshall Islands; • “founder shares” are to the 2,300,000 shares of common stock owned by our initial shareholders, up to 300,000 of which are subject to forfeiture by our initial shareholders if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full, after giving effect to a forward stock split of 4,600 shares for each outstanding share of common stock on January 29, 2016; Unless otherwise stated, all amounts in this prospectus have been restated to reflect the retroactive effect of the forward stock split; • “initial shareholders” are to holders of our founder shares prior to this offering; • “management” or our “management team” are to our executive officers and directors; • “private placement warrants” are to the warrants issued to certain of our sponsors in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of this offering; • “public shares” are to shares of our common stock sold as part of the units in this offering (whether they are purchased in this offering or thereafter in the open market); • “public shareholders” are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial shareholders and members of our management team to the extent our initial shareholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial shareholder’s and member of our management team’s status as a “public shareholder” shall only exist with respect to such public shares; • “sponsor” are to Astra Maritime Corp. and Dominium Investments Inc., each a Republic of Marshall Islands company that is a holding company with no operations, affiliates of Mr. Prokopios (Akis) Tsirigakis, our Chairman of the Board, co-Chief Executive Officer and President, and Magellan Investments Corp. and Firmus Investments Inc., each a Republic of Marshall Islands company that is a holding company with no operations, affiliates of Mr. George Syllantavos, our co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director; and • “we,” “us,” “company” or “our company” are to Stellar Acquisition III Inc. Unless we tell you otherwise, the information in this prospectus assumes that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option. General We are a newly-organized blank check company formed pursuant to the laws of the Republic of the Marshall Islands for the purpose of acquiring, through a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, recapitalization, exchangeable share transaction or other similar business transaction with one or more operating businesses or assets that we have not yet identified. While our efforts in identifying a prospective target business for our initial business combination will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region, we will initially focus our search on identifying a prospective target business in the international energy logistics industry (as defined below). We do not have any specific merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, recapitalization, exchangeable share transaction or other similar business transaction under consideration and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, contacted any prospective target business or had any discussions, formal or otherwise, with respect to such a transaction. We have assembled a group of directors, including independent directors, who will provide public company governance, executive leadership, operations oversight, private equity investment management and capital markets experience. Our Board members have extensive experience, having served as directors, CEO’s or CFO’s, or in other executive and advisory capacities for publicly-listed and privately-owned companies. Our directors have experience 1 with acquisitions, divestitures and corporate strategy and implementation, which we believe will be of significant benefit to us as we evaluate potential acquisition or merger candidates as well as following the completion of our initial business combination. We believe that the international oil and gas logistics, land and maritime oil and gas transportation, terminal and energy storage industries, which we refer to in this prospectus as the “energy logistics industry,” presents attractive opportunities for consolidation and growth and a favorable area in which to attempt to consummate a business combination. Our executive officers and directors have an aggregate of over 80 years of experience in the energy logistics industry, as managers, principals or directors of major worldwide maritime companies, where they have sourced, negotiated and structured transactions in these industries. We intend to leverage the industry experience of our executive officers, including their contacts and relationships, by focusing our efforts on identifying a prospective target business in the international energy logistics industry. While the amount of time our executive officers will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for the initial business combination and the stage of the initial business combination process the company is in, we expect Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos to devote, in the aggregate, an average of approximately 20 hours per week to our business. Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos, our co-Chief Executive Officers, were founders, officers and directors of two blank check companies that consummated business combinations, Nautilus Marine Acquisition Corp., which we refer to as Nautilus Marine, and Star Maritime Acquisition Corp., which we refer to as Star Maritime. Nautilus Marine conducted an initial public offering in June 2011, consummated a business combination in February 2013, was taken private as Nautilus Offshore Services Inc. in October 2013, and in November 2015 was acquired by DryShips, Inc. (Nasdaq:DRYS). Star Maritime conducted an initial public offering in June 2005, consummated a business combination in November 2007, and trades on the Nasdaq Stock Market as Star Bulk Carriers Corp. (Nasdaq:SBLK). Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos played the leading role throughout the business combination transactions for Nautilus Marine and for Star Maritime, including identifying suitable acquisition candidates including the ultimate targets, and the consummation of such acquisitions. With respect to the above transactions, past performance by Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos, or any other member of our management team, is not a guarantee that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. In connection with the previous blank check companies with which they were associated, the benefits Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos received were the same as or similar to those received by all other sponsors for similar entities and included the ownership of founders’ equity prior to the initial public offering and the acquisition of warrants or units in connection with the public offering. In addition, Mr. Argyros, our director nominee, received founders’ equity prior to the initial public offering of Nautilus Marine, in line with equity received by outside directors for similar entities. Initial Business Combination We will have until 12 months from the closing of this offering to consummate our initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months, we may extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to four times, each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 24 months to complete a business combination). In order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination, our sponsors or their affiliates or designees must deposit into the trust account $400,000, or $460,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full ($0.05 per unit in either case), up to an aggregate of $1,600,000 (or $1,840,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), or $0.20 per unit, prior to the applicable deadline for each three month extension. Our sponsors and their affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the applicable time period, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account and as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Marshall Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such event, the warrants will be worthless. NASDAQ rules provide that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the trust account (less any deferred 2 underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, or a qualified independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. If our securities are not listed on NASDAQ after this offering, we would not be required to satisfy the 80% requirement. However, we intend to satisfy the 80% requirement even if our securities are not listed on NASDAQ at the time of our initial business combination. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% requirement. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% requirement will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. We have not established any specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses or asset(s), although we intend to initially focus our search in the energy logistics industry. The determination of whether a target company or assets is attractive for acquisition will be based on our analysis of a variety of factors, including whether such acquisition would be in the best interests of our security holders, the purchase price, the terms of the sale, our perceived quality of the assets, the financial status or prospects of the company and the likelihood that the transaction will close. We may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet certain of these factors or guidelines. In addition, the members of our board of directors have significant executive management and public company experience as well as significant experience in evaluating companies and potential transactions including but not limited to the evaluations done in relation with previous blank check companies. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team and board of directors have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships that we believe will be useful for sourcing investment opportunities. This network has been developed through our management team’s experience in: • sourcing, acquiring, operating, developing, growing, financing and selling businesses; and • executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. This network has provided our management team with a flow of referrals that have resulted in numerous transactions. We believe that the network of contacts and relationships of our management team will provide us with an important source of investment opportunities. In addition, we anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banks, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an 3 opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a qualified independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Members of our management team may directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants following this offering, and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. For additional information regarding our executive officers’ and directors’ business affiliations and potential conflicts of interest, see “Management — Directors and Executive Officers” and “Management — Conflicts of Interest.” Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which such officer or director is required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our executive officers will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. Our executive officers, directors and director nominees have agreed, pursuant to a written letter agreement, not to participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other blank check company until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination within 12 months after the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination). We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an “emerging growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.0 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior May 31 st (the end of our second fiscal quarter), and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. Any reference herein to “emerging growth company” shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 4 We are currently a “foreign private issuer” as defined in Rule 405, but are voluntarily choosing to register and report using domestic forms. We are required to determine our status as a FPI for the 2017 fiscal year as of the last day of our second quarter, or May 31, 2017. On such date, if we no longer qualify as a “foreign private issuer” (as set forth in Rule 3b-4 of the Exchange Act), we will then become subject to the U.S. domestic issuer rules as of the first day of our 2018 fiscal year, or December 1, 2017. As a result, should we determine on May 31, 2017 that we are no longer a “foreign private issuer,” after November 30, 2017 we will be subject to the U.S. domestic issuer rules and we will have the option of conducting redemptions like other blank check companies in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. We expect that we will no longer qualify as a “foreign private issuer” as of May 31, 2017, assuming this offering closes in advance of such date. Our executive offices are located at 90 Kifissias Avenue, Maroussi 15125, Athens, Greece and our telephone number is +30 210 876-4858. 5 The Offering In making your decision whether to invest in our securities, you should take into account not only the backgrounds of the members of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company and the fact that this offering is not being conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section below entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 24 of this prospectus. Securities offered 8,000,000 units, at $10.00 per unit, each unit consisting of: • one share of common stock; and • one warrant to purchase one share of common stock. Proposed NASDAQ symbols Units: “STLRU” Common Stock: “STLR” Warrants: “STLRW” Trading commencement and separation of common stock and warrants The units will begin trading on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. The common stock and warrants comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 52 nd day following the date of this prospectus unless Maxim Group LLC, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as Maxim, informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our having filed the Current Report on Form 8-K described below and having issued a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Once the shares of common stock and warrants commence separate trading, holders will have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into shares of common stock and warrants. Separate trading of the common stock and warrants is prohibited until we have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K In no event will the common stock and warrants be traded separately until we have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC containing an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds at the closing of this offering. We will file the Current Report on Form 8-K promptly after the closing of this offering, which is anticipated to take place three business days from the date of this prospectus. If the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised following the initial filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, a second or amended Current Report on Form 8-K will be filed to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option. 6 Units: Number outstanding before this offering 0 Number outstanding after this offering 8,000,000 (1) Common stock: Number outstanding before this offering 2,300,000 (2) Number outstanding after this offering 10,000,000 (1) Warrants: Number of private placement warrants to be sold in a private placement simultaneously with this offering 7,300,000 (1) Number of warrants to be outstanding after this offering and the private placement 15,300,000 (1)(3) ____________ (1) Assumes no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option and the forfeiture by our initial shareholders of 300,000 founder shares. (2) This number includes up to 300,000 shares that are subject to forfeiture by our initial shareholders depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised. (3) Excludes the underwriters’ unit purchase option. Exercisability Each warrant offered in this offering is exercisable to purchase one share of our common stock. Warrants may be exercised only for a whole number of shares of common stock. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. Exercise price $11.50 per share, subject to adjustments as described herein. Exercise period The warrants will become exercisable on the later of: • 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, and • 12 months from the closing of this offering; provided in each case that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder (or we permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement). 7 We are not registering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants at this time. However, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than thirty (30) days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC and have an effective registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants no later than ninety (90) days after the closing of our initial business combination, to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed; provided, that if our common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement or register or qualify the shares under blue sky laws, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were initially offered by us in this offering. The warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, five years after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. On the exercise of any warrant, the warrant exercise price will be paid directly to us and not placed in the trust account. Redemption of warrants Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants but including any outstanding warrants issued upon exercise of the unit purchase option issued to Maxim and/or its designees): • in whole and not in part; • at a price of $0.01 per warrant; • upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption, which we refer to as the 30-day redemption period; and • if, and only if, the last sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds $21.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 8 We will not redeem the warrants unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of common stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period, except if the warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws and we are unable to effect such registration or qualification, subject to our obligation in such case to use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares of common stock under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were initially offered by us in this offering. If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a “cashless basis.” In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a “cashless basis,” our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our shareholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average reported last sale price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. Please see the section entitled “Description of Securities — Warrants — Public Shareholders’ Warrants” for additional information. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the initial purchasers of the private placement warrants or their permitted transferees. Founder shares Our initial shareholders currently own 2,300,000 shares of common stock (initially purchased by Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos in January 2016 for an aggregate of $25,000), up to 300,000 of which are subject to forfeiture by our initial shareholders if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full. In January 2016, Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos collectively transferred an aggregate of 2,099,900 shares to our sponsor and an aggregate of 34,500 shares to our director nominees. In addition, in January 2016, Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos collectively transferred an aggregate of 165,600 shares to our other initial shareholders. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20.0% of the outstanding shares upon completion of this offering. 9 Prior to the initial investment in the company of $25,000 by Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. If we increase or decrease the size of the offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, we will effect a stock dividend or share contribution back to capital, as applicable, immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of our initial shareholders prior to this offering at 20.0% of our issued and outstanding shares of our common stock upon the consummation of this offering. Our initial shareholders will collectively own 20.0% of our issued and outstanding shares after this offering (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering). Up to 300,000 founder shares will be subject to forfeiture by our initial shareholders (or their permitted transferees) depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised. The founder shares are identical to the shares of common stock included in the units being sold in this offering, except that: • the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, and • our initial shareholders, officers, directors and director nominees have entered into letter agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus) (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our business combination within the prescribed time frame). If we submit our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, we would need only 3,000,001, or 37.5%, of the 8,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of a transaction in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised). 10 Transfer restrictions on founder shares Our initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property (except as described herein under “Principal Shareholders — Transfers of Common Stock and Warrants”). We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this prospectus as the lock-up. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the last sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, the founder shares will be released from the lock-up. Private placement warrants Dominium Investments Inc. and Firmus Investments Inc. have committed, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase an aggregate of 7,300,000 private placement warrants (or 7,540,000 private placement warrants if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), each exercisable to purchase one share of our common stock at $11.50 per share, at a price of $0.50 per warrant ($3,650,000 in the aggregate, or $3,770,000 in the aggregate if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Warrants may be exercised only for a whole number of shares of common stock. The purchase price of the private placement warrants will be added to the proceeds from this offering to be held in the trust account. If we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus), the proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The private placement warrants will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees (except as described below under “Principal Shareholders — Transfers of Founder — Shares and Private Placement Warrants”). If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering. Our initial shareholders, or their permitted transferees, have the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. Transfer restrictions on private placement warrants The private placement warrants (including the common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 11 Proceeds to be held in trust account NASDAQ rules provide that at least 90% of the gross proceeds from this offering and the private placement be deposited in a trust account. Of the approximately $83.65 million in proceeds we will receive from this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants described in this prospectus, or approximately $95.8 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full, $80.8 million ($10.10 per unit), or approximately $92.9 million ($10.10 per unit) if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full, will initially be deposited into a segregated trust account located in the United States at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee (subject to increase of up to an additional $0.20 per unit in the event that our sponsors elect to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus), and $1.225 million will be used to pay expenses in connection with the closing of this offering and for working capital following this offering. The proceeds to be placed in the trust account include approximately $2,000,000 (or up to approximately $2,300,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) in deferred underwriting commissions, such amount to be reduced pro rata based on the number of shares of common stock that are redeemed by our shareholders in connection with our business combination. Except for the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes or working capital expenses, our amended and restated articles of incorporation, as discussed below and subject to the requirements of law and regulation, provides that none of the funds held in the trust account will be released from the trust account until the earlier of (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) the redemption of 100% of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus). The proceeds deposited in the trust account could become subject to the claims of our creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of our public shareholders. Anticipated expenses and funding sources Unless and until we complete our initial business combination, no proceeds held in the trust account will be available for our use, except for the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes or working capital expenses. Based upon current interest rates, we expect the trust account to generate approximately $242,400 of interest annually (assuming an interest rate of 0.3% per year). Unless and until we complete our initial business combination, we may pay our expenses only from: • the net proceeds of this offering not held in the trust account, which will be approximately $500,000 in working capital after the payment of approximately $725,000 in expenses (not including the underwriters’ discount) relating to this offering; and 12 • any loans or additional investments from our sponsor (including any loans made in connection with the extension of the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination), members of our management team or their affiliates or other third parties, although they are under no obligation to advance funds or invest in us, and provided any such loans will not have any claim on the proceeds held in the trust account unless such proceeds are released to us upon completion of a business combination. Conditions to completing our initial business combination There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. NASDAQ rules provide that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our securities are not listed on NASDAQ after this offering, we would not be required to satisfy the 80% requirement. However, we intend to satisfy the 80% requirement even if our securities are not listed on NASDAQ at the time of our initial business combination. If our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, or in the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a qualified independent accounting firm. We will complete our initial business combination only if the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% requirement, provided that in the event that the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% requirement will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. 13 Ability to extend time to complete business combination If we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months, we may extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to four times, each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 24 months to complete a business combination). In order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination, our initial stockholders or their affiliates or designees must deposit into the trust account $400,000, or $460,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full ($0.05 per unit in either case), up to an aggregate of $1,600,000 (or $1,840,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), or $0.20 per unit, prior to the applicable deadline for each three month extension. Any such payments would be made in the form of a loan. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. If we do not complete a business combination, we would not be obligated to repay such loans. Our sponsors and their affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. Permitted purchases of public shares by our affiliates If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our initial shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Subsequent to the consummation of this offering, we will adopt an insider trading policy which will require insiders to: (i) refrain from purchasing shares during certain blackout periods and when they are in possession of any material non-public information and (ii) clear all trades with our legal counsel prior to execution. We cannot currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as it will be dependent upon several factors, including but not limited to, the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances, our insiders may either make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary. 14 We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Our initial shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates will not make any purchases if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Redemption rights for public shareholders upon completion of our initial business combination We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and working capital released to us) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be $10.10 per public share (subject to increase of up to an additional $0.20 per unit in the event that our sponsors elect to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus). The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Our initial shareholders have entered into letter agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares they may acquire during or after this offering in connection with the completion of our business combination. Prior to acquiring any securities from our initial shareholders, permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement with us agreeing to be bound by the same restriction. Manner of conducting redemptions We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require that we conduct a tender offer under SEC rules rather than seeking shareholder approval). Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20.0% of our outstanding common stock (unless we are deemed to be a foreign private issuer at such time) or seek to amend our amended and restated articles of incorporation would require shareholder approval. 15 If a shareholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, or if we are deemed to be a foreign private issuer at such time, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated articles of incorporation: • conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and • file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. Upon the public announcement of our business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our common stock in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than a specified number of public shares, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon the consummation of our business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. For so long as we are deemed to be a foreign private issuer, we will conduct redemptions in accordance with the SEC’s tender offer rules. If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons, and if we will not be a foreign private issuer at such time, we will: • conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and • file proxy materials with the SEC. 16 If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. In such case, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon the consummation of our business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). Redemptions of our public shares may also be subject to a higher net tangible asset test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. Limitation on redemption rights of shareholders holding 20% or more of the shares sold in this offering if we hold shareholder vote Notwithstanding the foregoing redemption rights, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 20% of the shares sold in this offering. We believe the restriction described above will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to redeem their shares as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 20% of the shares sold in this offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights against a business combination if such holder’s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders’ ability to redeem to no more than 20% of the shares sold in this offering, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing 17 condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including all shares held by those shareholders that hold 20% or more of the shares sold in this offering) for or against our business combination. Redemption Rights in connection with proposed amendments to our Articles of Incorporation Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain charter provisions. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of this offering and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our common stock, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our common stock. In all other instances, our amended and restated articles of incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority of our common stock, subject to applicable provisions of the BCA or applicable stock exchange rules. Our initial shareholders, who will collectively beneficially own up to 20.0% of our common stock upon the closing of this offering (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated articles of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Our executive officers, directors and director nominees have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated articles of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus), unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and working capital released to us), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. Our initial shareholders have entered into letter agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Prior to acquiring any securities from our initial shareholders, permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement with us agreeing to be bound by the same restrictions. 18 Release of funds in trust account on closing of our initial business combination On the completion of our initial business combination, all amounts held in the trust account will be released to us, other than funds that the trustee will use to pay amounts due to any public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights as described above under “Redemption rights for public shareholders upon completion of our initial business combination.” We will use the remaining funds to pay the underwriters their deferred underwriting commissions (based on the number of shares of common stock not redeemed by public shareholders), to pay all or a portion of the consideration payable to the target or owners of the target of our initial business combination and to pay other expenses associated with our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is paid for using stock or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. Redemption of public shares and distribution and liquidation if no initial business combination Our executive officers, directors and director nominees have agreed that we will have only 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus), to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the applicable time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and working capital released to us, and less up to $50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Marshall Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our business combination within the applicable time period. 19 Our initial shareholders have entered into letter agreements with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus). However, if our initial shareholders acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the applicable time frame. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission held in the trust account in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the applicable time period, and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the trust account that will be available to fund the redemption of our public shares. Our executive officers, directors and director nominees have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated articles of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the applicable time period, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and working capital released to us), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. Prior to acquiring any securities from our initial shareholders, permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement with us agreeing to be bound by the same restriction. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon the consummation of our business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). Indemnification Prokopios (Akis) Tsirigakis, our Chairman and co-Chief Executive Officer, and George Syllantavos, our co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director, have agreed that they will be jointly liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) $10.10 per public share (or such higher amount then held in trust) or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes and working capital, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable 20 against a third party, Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. We have not independently verified whether Mr. Tsirigakis or Mr. Syllantavos has sufficient funds to satisfy his indemnity obligations and Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos may not be able to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked Mr. Tsirigakis or Mr. Syllantavos to reserve for such eventuality. We believe the likelihood of Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos having to indemnify the trust account is limited because we will endeavor to have all vendors and prospective target businesses as well as other entities execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Limited payments to insiders There will be no finder’s fees, reimbursements or cash payments made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, other than the following payments, none of which will be made from the proceeds of this offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: • Repayment of up to $250,000 in loans, and any additional advances, made to us by certain of our sponsors to cover offering-related and organizational expenses; • Payment of $10,000 per month to an affiliate of our executive officers for office space, utilities and secretarial support; • Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and • Repayment of loans (including any loans made in connection with the extension of the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination) which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Audit Committee We have established and will maintain an audit committee, which will be composed entirely of independent directors to, among other things, monitor compliance with the terms described above and the other terms relating to this offering. If any noncompliance is identified, then the audit committee will be charged with the responsibility to immediately take all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise to cause compliance with the terms of this offering. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. For more information, see the section entitled “Management — Committees of the Board of Directors — Audit Committee.” 21 Risks We are a newly formed company that has conducted no operations and has generated no revenues. Until we complete our initial business combination, we will have no operations and will generate no operating revenues. In making your decision whether to invest in our securities, you should take into account not only the background of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company. This offering is not being conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. Accordingly, you will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. For additional information concerning how Rule 419 blank check offerings differ from this offering, please see “Proposed Business — Comparison of This Offering to Those of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419.” In addition, an investment in this offering may result in uncertain United States federal income tax consequences. For instance, because there are no authorities that directly address instruments similar to the units we are issuing in this offering, the allocation an investor makes with respect to the purchase price of the unit between the share of common stock and the warrant to purchase one share of common stock included in each unit could be challenged by the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) or the courts. Furthermore, the United States federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise of a warrant included in the units is unclear under current law. Finally, it is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to our shares of common stock suspend the running of a U.S. holder’s holding period for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss realized by such holder on the sale or exchange of common stock is long-term capital gain or loss. See the section titled ‘‘Taxation’’ for a summary of the principal United States federal income tax consequences of an investment in our securities. Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences when purchasing, holding or disposing of our securities. You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 24 of this prospectus. 22 Summary Financial Data The following table summarizes the relevant financial data for our business and should be read with our financial statements, which are included in this prospectus. We have not had any significant operations to date, so only balance sheet data is presented. May 31, 2016 Actual As Adjusted Balance Sheet Data: Working capital (1) $ (108,587 ) $ 78,523,863 Total assets (2) $ 146,748 $ 81,323,863 Total liabilities (3) $ 122,985 $ 2,000,000 Value of common stock that may be redeemed in connection with our initial business combination ($10.10 per share) (4) $ — $ 74,323,860 Shareholders’ equity (5) $ 23,763 $ 5,000,003 ____________ (1) The “as adjusted” calculation includes $80,800,000 cash held in trust from the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants plus $500,000 in cash held outside the trust account, plus $100 received for the sale of a unit purchase option to the underwriters, plus $23,763 of actual shareholders’ equity at May 31, 2016, less $2,000,000 of deferred underwriting commissions. (2) The “as adjusted” calculation equals $80,800,000 cash held in trust from the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, plus $500,000 in cash held outside the trust account, plus $100 received for the sale of a unit purchase option to the underwriters, plus $23,763 of actual shareholders’ equity at May 31, 2016. (3) The “as adjusted” calculation includes $2,000,000 of deferred underwriting commissions. (4) The “as adjusted” calculation equals the “as adjusted” total assets, less the “as adjusted” total liabilities, less the “as adjusted” shareholders’ equity, which is set to approximate the minimum net tangible assets threshold of at least $5,000,001. (5) Excludes 7,358,798 shares of common stock purchased in the public market which are subject to redemption in connection with our initial business combination. The “as adjusted” calculation equals the “as adjusted” total assets, less the “as adjusted” total liabilities, less the value of shares of common stock that may be redeemed in connection with our initial business combination (approximately $10.10 per share). The “as adjusted” information gives effect to the sale of the units in this offering, the sale of the private placement warrants and the payment of the estimated expenses of this offering. The “as adjusted” total assets amount includes the $80.8 million held in the trust account (or $92.9 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) for the benefit of our public shareholders, which amount, less deferred underwriting commissions (subject to adjustment), will be available to us only upon the completion of our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus). The “as adjusted” working capital and “as adjusted” total assets include up to $2,000,000 being held in the trust account (or up to approximately $2,300,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full, subject to adjustment) representing deferred underwriting commissions. The underwriters will not be entitled to any interest accrued on the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions. If no business combination is completed within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus), the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and working capital released to us, and less up to $50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares. Our initial shareholders have entered into letter agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the applicable time period. 23 Risk Fact o rs An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this prospectus, before making a decision to invest in our units. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. We are a newly formed company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a recently formed company with no operating results, and we will not commence operations until obtaining funding through this offering. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our business combination. If we fail to complete our business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. We may not hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require shareholder approval under the laws of the Republic of Marshall Islands or the rules of NASDAQ or if we decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons. For instance, NASDAQ rules currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a shareholder meeting but would still require us to obtain shareholder approval if we were not a foreign private issuer and were seeking to issue more than 20% of our outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any business combination. Therefore, if we were structuring a business combination that required us to issue more than 20% of our outstanding shares and we were not a foreign private issuer, we would seek shareholder approval of such business combination. However, except as required by law, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval, or whether we will be deemed to be a foreign private issuer (in which case we would be required to conduct a tender offer under SEC rules rather than seeking shareholder approval). Accordingly, we may consummate our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock do not approve of the business combination we consummate. Please see the section entitled “Proposed Business — Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination” for additional information. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. Unlike many other blank check companies in which the initial shareholders agree to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by the public shareholders in connection with an initial business combination, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote their founder shares, as well as any public shares purchased during or after this offering, in favor of our initial business combination. Our initial shareholders will own 20.0% of our outstanding shares of common stock immediately following the completion of this offering. As a result, we would need only 3,000,001, or 37.5%, of the 8,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of our initial business combination in order to have such transaction approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised). Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, it is more likely that the necessary shareholder approval will be received than would be the case if our initial shareholders agreed to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public shareholders. 24 Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek shareholder approval of the business combination. At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of one or more target businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval (unless shareholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons), public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder vote. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon the consummation of our business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon the consummation of our business combination or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. The ability of our shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The ability of our shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. If our business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market; however, at such time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your stock in the open market. 25 The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus). Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time frame described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. Our executive officers, directors and director nominees have agreed that we must complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus). We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within such time period. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and working capital released to us, and less up to $50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Marshall Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsors may decide not to extend the term we have to consummate our initial business combination, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, and the warrants will be worthless. We will have until 12 months from the closing of this offering to consummate our initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months, we may extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to four times, each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 24 months to complete a business combination). In order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination, our sponsors or their affiliates or designees must deposit into the trust account $400,000, or $460,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full ($0.05 per unit in either case), up to an aggregate of $1,600,000 (or $1,840,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), or $0.20 per unit, prior to the applicable deadline for each three month extension. Our sponsors and their affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the applicable time period, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account and as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Marshall Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such event, the warrants will be worthless. 26 If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public “float” of our common stock. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public “float” of our common stock and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. If a public shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a public shareholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. In the event that a public shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. See “Proposed Business — Business Strategy — Tendering stock certificates in connection with a tender offer or redemption rights.” You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of our common stock that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, and (ii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus), subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In addition, if our plan to redeem our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus), is not completed for any reason, compliance with Marshall Islands law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing shareholders for approval prior to the distribution of the proceeds held in our trust account. In that case, public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus), before they receive funds from our trust account. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 27 NASDAQ may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. We have applied to have our units listed on NASDAQ on or promptly after the date of this prospectus and our common stock and warrants listed on or promptly after their date of separation. Although after giving effect to this offering we expect to meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial listing standards set forth in the NASDAQ listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed on NASDAQ in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on NASDAQ prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in shareholders’ equity (generally $2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 round-lot holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with NASDAQ’s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than NASDAQ’s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on NASDAQ. For instance, our stock price would generally be required to be at least $4 per share and our shareholders’ equity would generally be required to be at least $5 million. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. If NASDAQ delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: • a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; • reduced liquidity for our securities; • a determination that our common stock is a “penny stock” which will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; • a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and • a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as “covered securities.” Because we expect that our units and eventually our common stock and warrants will be listed on NASDAQ, our units, common stock and warrants will be covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the state of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on NASDAQ, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has not been identified, we may be deemed to be a “blank check” company under the United States securities laws. However, because we will have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,000 upon the successful completion of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if this offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. 28 For a more detailed comparison of our offering to offerings that comply with Rule 419, please see “Proposed Business — Comparison of This Offering to Those of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419.” If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a “group” of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 20% of our common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 20% of our common stock. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 20% of the shares sold in this offering, which we refer to as the “Excess Shares.” However, we would not be restricting our shareholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 20% and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.10 per share (or such higher amount then held in trust), on our redemption, and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, if we are obligated to pay cash for the shares of common stock redeemed and, in the event we seek shareholder approval of our business combination, we make purchases of our common stock, potentially reducing the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.10 per share (or such higher amount then held in trust) on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. If the net proceeds of this offering not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 12 months (or 24 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. The funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 12 months (or 24 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during that time. We believe that, upon the closing of this offering, the funds available to us outside of the trust account, will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 12 months (or 24 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination); however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a “no-shop” provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from “shopping” around for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such 29 target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.10 per share (or such higher amount then held in trust) on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. If the net proceeds of this offering not being held in the trust account are insufficient, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search, to pay our taxes and to complete our business combination. Of the net proceeds of this offering, only approximately $500,000 will be available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of $725,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of $725,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive approximately $10.10 per share (or such higher amount then held in trust) on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to subsequently take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface all material issues that may be present inside a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and would not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the tender offer materials or proxy statement relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. Shareholders may be liable for claims of third party creditors to the extent you receive distributions in a dissolution. Under Republic of the Marshall Islands law, shareholders might, in certain circumstances, be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. If we complied with the procedures set forth in Section 106 of the BCA, which are intended to ensure that we make reasonable 30 provision for all claims against us, including a six month notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against us before any liquidating distributions are made to shareholders, any liability of a shareholder with respect to a liquidating distribution should be limited to the lesser of such shareholder’s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the shareholder, and any liability of the shareholder should be barred after the period set forth in such notice. However, it is our intention to make liquidating distributions to our shareholders as soon as reasonably possible after dissolution. As such, our shareholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution and any such liability of our shareholders will likely extend beyond the third anniversary of such dissolution or the settlement of claims, litigation or proceedings begun prior to or during the three year period. Accordingly, third parties may seek to recover from our shareholders amounts owed to them by us. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than $10.10 per share (or such higher amount then held in trust). Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party’s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our business combination within the prescribed time frame, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the three years (which may be extended under certain circumstances) following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the $10.10 per share initially held in the trust account (or such higher amount then held in trust), due to claims of such creditors. Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos have agreed that they will be jointly liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) $10.10 per public share (or such higher amount then held in trust) or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes or working capital expenses, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. We have not independently verified whether Mr. Tsirigakis or Mr. Syllantavos has sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity obligations and, therefore, Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos may not be able to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked Mr. Tsirigakis or Mr. Syllantavos to reserve for such eventuality. We believe the likelihood of Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos having to indemnify the trust account is limited because we will endeavor to have all vendors and prospective target businesses as well as other entities execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. 31 Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) $10.10 per share (or such higher amount then held in trust) or (ii) other than due to the failure to obtain such waiver such lesser amount per share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes or working capital expenses, and Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos assert that they are unable to satisfy their obligations or that they have no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos to enforce their indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos to enforce their indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below $10.10 per share (or such higher amount then held in trust). If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: • restrictions on the nature of our investments, and • restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: • registration as an investment company; 32 • adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and • reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. The proceeds held in the trust account may be invested by the trustee only in United States government treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in United States Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. Because the investment of the proceeds will be restricted to these instruments, we believe we will meet the requirements for the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.10 per share (or such higher amount then held in trust) on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after our consummation of a business combination. Unless otherwise required by law or the Nasdaq Capital Market, or we decide for other business or legal reasons, we do not currently intend to hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after we consummate our initial business combination. The applicable laws of the Marshall Islands do not require companies to hold a meeting of shareholders every year. In accordance with the Nasdaq Capital Market rules, a newly listed company not previously subject to a requirement to hold an annual meeting is required to hold its first annual meeting within one year after its first fiscal year-end following listing, unless such company is a foreign private issuer. Until we hold an annual meeting of shareholders, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to elect directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Also, because do not currently intend to hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after we consummate a business combination, we may not be in compliance with Section 64 of the BCA. Therefore, if our shareholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to our consummation of a business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by the holders of not less than 10% of the shares entitled to vote in an election of directors may, in writing, demand the call of a special meeting specifying the time thereof, which shall not be less than two (2) nor more than three (3) months from the date of such call in accordance with Section 64(3) of the BCA. We are not registering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants and causing such warrants to expire worthless. We are not registering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than thirty (30) days after the closing of our initial business combination, to use our best efforts to file a registration statement under the Securities Act covering such shares and no later than ninety (90) days after the closing of our initial business combination to have a current prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, we will 33 be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, unless an exemption is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement or register or qualify the shares under blue sky laws, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were initially offered by us in this offering. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the shares of common stock included in the units. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws and we are unable to effect such registration or qualification, subject to our obligation in such case to use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares of common stock under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were initially offered by us in this offering. The grant of registration rights to our initial shareholders and holders of our private placement warrants may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in this offering, our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the founder shares, holders of our private placement warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the private placement warrants and the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our common stock that is expected when the securities owned by our initial shareholders, holders of our private placement warrants or their respective permitted transferees are registered. Because we are not limited to a particular industry or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business’s operations. We will seek to complete a business combination with an operating company in the international energy logistics industry, but may also pursue acquisition opportunities in other industries, except that we will not, under our amended and restated articles of incorporation, be permitted to effectuate our business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet identified or approached any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business’s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us 34 with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a potential business combination target. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the tender offer materials or proxy statement relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. We may seek investment opportunities in industries outside of the international energy logistics industry (which industries may or may not be outside of our management’s area of expertise). Although we intend to focus on identifying business combination candidates in the international energy logistics industry, and we will not initially actively seek to identify business combination candidates in other industries (which industries may be outside our management’s area of expertise), we will consider a business combination outside of such sectors if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive investment opportunity for our company or we are unable to identify a suitable candidate in such sectors after having expended a reasonable amount of time and effort in an attempt to do so. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in this offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue an investment outside of the international energy logistics industry, our management’s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained herein regarding the energy logistics industry would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. Although we have identified general guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general guidelines. Although we have identified general guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these guidelines. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.10 per share (or such higher amount then held in trust) on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We may seek investment opportunities with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings. To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include volatile revenues or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 35 We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking or accounting firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking or accounting firm that the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. We may issue additional common or preferred shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination, any one of which would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 200,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. Immediately after this offering, there will be 174,300,000 (assuming that the underwriters have not exercised their over-allotment option) authorized but unissued shares of common stock available for issuance, which amount takes into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants and the underwriter’s unit purchase option. Immediately after this offering, there will be no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. We may issue a substantial number of additional shares of common or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination, however our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated articles of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated articles of incorporation, may be amended with a shareholder vote. However, our executive officers, directors and director nominees have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated articles of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus), unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and working capital released to us), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. The issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock: • may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in this offering; • may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; • could cause a change in control if a substantial number of common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and • may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, common stock and/or warrants. Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.10 per share (or such higher amount then held in trust) on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific 36 initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.10 per share (or such higher amount then held in trust) on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our executive officers and directors, at least until we have completed our business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements and take time away from oversight of our operations. Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may be able to remain with the company after the completion of our business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business’s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. 37 Our assessment of the capabilities of the target’s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target’s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the tender offer materials or proxy statement relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a potential business combination target’s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidates’ key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate’s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers’ and directors’ other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our executive officers’ and directors’ other business affairs, please see “Management — Directors and Executive Officers.” Certain of our executive officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented to our company or to another entity. Following the completion of this offering and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our executive officers and directors are, or may in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business. Our officers and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented to our company or to another entity. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. Members of our management team may directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants following this offering, and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention 38 or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our executive officers’ and directors’ business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see “Management — Directors and Executive Officers,” “Management — Conflicts of Interest” and “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions.” We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our executive officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers and directors. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under “Management — Conflicts of Interest.” Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no preliminary discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination as set forth in “Proposed Business — Effecting our initial business combination — Selection of a target business and structuring of our initial business combination” and such transaction was approved by a majority of our disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our executive officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Since our initial shareholders, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. Our initial shareholders currently own 2,300,000 shares of common stock (initially purchased by Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos in January 2016 for an aggregate of $25,000), up to 300,000 of which are subject to forfeiture by our initial shareholders if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20.0% of the outstanding shares upon completion of this offering. In addition, Dominium Investments Inc. and Firmus Investments Inc. have committed to purchase an aggregate of 7,300,000 private placement warrants (or 7,540,000 private placement warrants if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), each exercisable for one share of our common stock at $11.50 per share, for a purchase price of $3,650,000 (or $3,770,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), or $0.50 per warrant, that will also be worthless if we do not complete a business combination. The founder shares are identical to the shares of common stock included in the units being sold in this offering. However, the holders have agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination and (B) not to redeem any shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. Since our sponsor, executive officers and directors will not be eligible to be reimbursed for their out-of-pocket expenses if our business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. At the closing of our initial business combination, our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities 39 on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf. These financial interests of our sponsor, executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination and completing an initial business combination. We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders’ investment in us. Although we have no commitments as of the date of this prospectus to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our business combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: • default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; • acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; • our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; • our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; • our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; • using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; • limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; • increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and • limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. The net proceeds from this offering and the private placement of warrants will provide us with $81,300,000 (or $93,420,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) that we may use to complete our business combination (excluding up to $2,000,000, or up to approximately $2,300,000 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full, of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the trust account). We may effectuate our business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating 40 results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: • solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or • dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our business combination. We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. By definition, very little public information exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We may structure a business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of common stock, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company’s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. 41 We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete a business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon the consummation of our business combination (such that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. As a result, we may be able to complete our business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all shares of common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. The exercise price for the public warrants is higher than in many similar blank check company offerings in the past, and, accordingly, the warrants are more likely to expire worthless. The exercise price of the public warrants is higher than is typical in many similar blank check companies in the past. Historically, the exercise price of a warrant was generally a fraction of the purchase price of the units in the initial public offering. The exercise price for our public warrants is $11.50 per share. As a result, the warrants are less likely to ever be in the money and more likely to expire worthless. In order to effectuate our initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated articles of incorporation or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our shareholders may not support. In order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and changed industry focus. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments in order to effectuate our initial business combination. The provisions of our amended and restated articles of incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of 65% of our common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated articles of incorporation to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company’s pre-business combination activity, without approval by a certain percentage of the company’s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions requires approval by between 90% and 100% of the company’s public shareholders. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of this offering and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our common stock, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our common stock. In all other instances, our amended and restated articles of incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority of our common stock, subject to applicable provisions of the BCA or applicable stock 42 exchange rules. Our initial shareholders, who will collectively beneficially own 20.0% of our common stock upon the closing of this offering (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated articles of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated articles of incorporation which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated articles of incorporation. Our executive officers, directors and director nominees have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated articles of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus), unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes or working capital expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. These agreements are contained in letter agreements that we have entered into with our sponsor, executive officers, directors and director nominees. Prior to acquiring any securities from our initial shareholders, permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement with us agreeing to be bound by the same restriction. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, executive officers, directors or director nominees for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. Our letter agreement with our sponsor, director nominees and officers may be amended without shareholder approval. Our letter agreement with our sponsor, director nominees and officers contains provisions relating to transfer restrictions of our founder shares and sponsor warrants, indemnification of the trust account, waiver of redemption rights and participation in liquidation distributions from the trust account. This letter agreement may be amended without shareholder approval. While we do not expect our board to approve any amendment to this agreement prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to such agreement. Any such amendment may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. Although we believe that the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, because we have not yet identified any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to repurchase for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive approximately $10.10 per share (or such higher amount then held in trust) on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. 43 Our initial shareholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Upon the closing of this offering, our initial shareholders will own 20.0% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering). Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated articles of incorporation. If our initial shareholders purchase any units in this offering or if our initial shareholders purchase any additional shares of common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Neither our initial shareholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this prospectus. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our common stock. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our sponsor, is and will be divided into two classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of two years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our “staggered” board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our initial shareholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our business combination. Our initial shareholders paid an aggregate of $25,000, or approximately $0.0109 per founder share, and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of our common stock. The difference between the public offering price per share (allocating all of the unit purchase price to the common stock and none to the warrant included in the unit) and the pro forma net tangible book value per share of our common stock after this offering constitutes the dilution to you and the other investors in this offering. Our initial shareholders acquired the founder shares at a nominal price, significantly contributing to this dilution. Upon the closing of this offering, and assuming no value is ascribed to the warrants included in the units, you and the other public shareholders will incur an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately 81.11% (or $8.11 per share, assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option), the difference between the pro forma net tangible book value per share of $1.89 and the initial offering price of $10.00 per unit. We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least 65% of the then outstanding public warrants. Our warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 65% of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65% of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the warrants with the consent of at least 65% of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of $0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of our common stock equals or exceeds $21.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws and we are unable to effect such registration or qualification, subject to our obligation in such case to use our best efforts to register or 44 qualify the shares of common stock under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were initially offered by us in this offering. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by their initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our business combination. We will be issuing warrants to purchase 8,000,000 shares of our common stock (or up to 9,200,000 shares of common stock if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) as part of the units offered by this prospectus, and, simultaneously with the closing of this offering, we will be issuing in a private placement an aggregate of 7,300,000 private placement warrants (or 7,540,000 private placement warrants if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), each exercisable to purchase one share of common stock at $11.50 per share. In addition, we are issuing a unit purchase option to Maxim, pursuant to which Maxim will have the option to purchase 200,000 units consisting of common stock and warrants to purchase an additional 200,000 shares of our common stock. To the extent we issue shares of common stock to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of common stock upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of our common stock and reduce the value of the shares of common stock issued to complete the business combination. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. The private placement warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the units in this offering except that, so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, (i) they will not be redeemable by us, (ii) they (including the common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination and (iii) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis. The determination of the offering price of our units and the size of this offering is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities and size of an offering of an operating company in a particular industry. You may have less assurance, therefore, that the offering price of our units properly reflects the value of such units than you would have in a typical offering of an operating company. Prior to this offering there has been no public market for any of our securities. The public offering price of the units and the terms of the warrants were negotiated between us and the underwriters. In determining the size of this offering, management held customary organizational meetings with representatives of the underwriters, both prior to our inception and thereafter, with respect to the state of capital markets, generally, and the amount the underwriters believed they reasonably could raise on our behalf. Factors considered in determining the size of this offering, prices and terms of the units, including the common stock and warrants underlying the units, include: • the history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies; • prior offerings of those companies; • our prospects for acquiring an operating business at attractive values; • a review of debt to equity ratios in leveraged transactions; • our capital structure; • an assessment of our management and their experience in identifying operating companies; • general conditions of the securities markets at the time of this offering; and • other factors as were deemed relevant. 45 Although these factors were considered, the determination of our offering price is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities of an operating company in a particular industry since we have no historical operations or financial results. There is currently no market for our securities and a market for our securities may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. There is currently no market for our securities. Shareholders therefore have no access to information about prior market history on which to base their investment decision. Following this offering, the price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions. Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained. Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financing reporting standards, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements will be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an “emerging growth company” within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of any May 31 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following November 30. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different 46 application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending November 30, 2017. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target company with which we seek to complete our business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Provisions in our amended and restated articles of incorporation may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our common stock and could entrench management. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business outside of the United States We may qualify as a passive foreign investment company, or “PFIC,” which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. If we are determined to be a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder (as defined in the section of this prospectus captioned “Taxation — United States Federal Income Taxation — General”) of our shares of common stock or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to increased U.S. federal income tax liability and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our actual PFIC status for our current taxable year ending November 30, 2016 may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception (see the section of this prospectus captioned “Taxation — United States Federal Income Taxation — U.S. Holders — Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules”). If we do not complete our initial business combination by the end of our current taxable year ending November 30, 2016, and we have gross income for such taxable year, we likely will be a PFIC for such taxable year unless we complete our initial business combination before the end of our taxable year ending November 30, 2017 and are not treated as a PFIC for either of our taxable years ending November 30, 2017 or November 30, 2018. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. In addition, we may not provide timely financial information that would be required for U.S. investors to make a potentially favorable “qualified electing fund” election, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. For a more detailed explanation of the tax consequences of PFIC classification to U.S. Holders, see the section of this prospectus captioned “Taxation — United States Federal Income Taxation — U.S. Holders — Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules.” 47 An investment in this offering may result in uncertain or adverse United States federal income tax consequences. An investment in this offering may result in uncertain United States federal income tax consequences. For instance, because there are no authorities that directly address instruments similar to the units we are issuing in this offering, the allocation an investor makes with respect to the purchase price of the unit between the share of common stock and the warrant to purchase one share of common stock included in each unit could be challenged by the IRS or the courts. Furthermore, the United States federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise of a warrant included in the units is unclear under current law. Finally, it is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to our shares of common stock suspend the running of a U.S. holder’s holding period for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss realized by such holder on the sale or exchange of common stock is long-term capital gain or loss. See the section titled ‘‘Taxation’’ for a summary of the principal United States federal income tax consequences of an investment in our securities. Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences when purchasing, holding or disposing of our securities. An investor may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences in the event the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) were to disagree with the U.S. federal income tax consequences described herein. As described in the section of this prospectus captioned “Taxation — United States Federal Income Taxation — General,” we have not sought a ruling from the IRS as to any U.S. federal income tax consequences described herein. The IRS may disagree with the descriptions of U.S. federal income tax consequences contained herein, and its determination may be upheld by a court. Any such determination could subject an investor or our company to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences that would be different than those described herein. Accordingly, each prospective investor is urged to consult a tax advisor with respect to the specific tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our shares of common stock and units, including the applicability and effect of state, local or non-U.S. tax laws, as well as U.S. federal tax laws. After our initial business combination, it is likely that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. All of our directors and officers, and their assets, are located outside of the United States. As a result, you may have difficulty serving legal process within the United States upon us or any of these persons. You may also have difficulty enforcing, both in and outside the United States, judgments you may obtain in U.S. courts against us or these persons in any action, including actions based upon the civil liability provisions of U.S. Federal or state securities laws. You may also have difficulty bringing an original action in the appropriate court of the Marshall Islands or any other foreign jurisdiction in which our directors or officers may reside to enforce liabilities against us or any person based upon the U.S. federal securities laws. See the section below entitled “Note on Enforceability of Civil Liabilities.” If we effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If we effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in the target business’ home jurisdiction, including any of the following: • rules and regulations or currency redemption or corporate withholding taxes on individuals; • laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; • exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; • tariffs and trade barriers; • regulations related to customs and import/export matters; • longer payment cycles; • tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 48 • currency fluctuations and exchange controls; • rates of inflation; • challenges in collecting accounts receivable; • cultural and language differences; • employment regulations; • crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks and wars; and • deterioration of political relations with the United States. We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer. Because of the costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations, our results of operations may be negatively impacted. Managing a business, operations, personnel or assets in another country is challenging and costly. Any management that we may have (whether based abroad or in the U.S.) may be inexperienced in cross-border business practices and unaware of significant differences in accounting rules, legal regimes and labor practices. Even with a seasoned and experienced management team, the costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations, personnel and assets can be significant (and much higher than in a purely domestic business) and may negatively impact our financial and operational performance. If social unrest, acts of terrorism, regime changes, changes in laws and regulations, political upheaval, or policy changes or enactments occur in a country in which we may operate after we effect our initial business combination, it may result in a negative impact on our business. Political events in another country may significantly affect our business, assets or operations. Social unrest, acts of terrorism, regime changes, changes in laws and regulations, political upheaval, and policy changes or enactments could negatively impact our business in a particular country. Many countries have difficult and unpredictable legal systems and underdeveloped laws and regulations that are unclear and subject to corruption and inexperience, which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. Our ability to seek and enforce legal protections, including with respect to intellectual property and other property rights, or to defend ourselves with regard to legal actions taken against us in a given country, may be difficult or impossible, which could adversely impact our operations, assets or financial condition. Rules and regulations in many countries are often ambiguous or open to differing interpretation by responsible individuals and agencies at the municipal, state, regional and federal levels. The attitudes and actions of such individuals and agencies are often difficult to predict and inconsistent. Delay with respect to the enforcement of particular rules and regulations, including those relating to customs, tax, environmental and labor, could cause serious disruption to operations abroad and negatively impact our results. If relations between the United States and foreign governments deteriorate, it could cause potential target businesses or their goods and services to become less attractive. The relationship between the United States and foreign governments could be subject to sudden fluctuation and periodic tension. For instance, the United States may announce its intention to impose quotas on certain imports. Such import quotas may adversely affect political relations between the two countries and result in retaliatory countermeasures by the foreign government in industries that may affect our ultimate target business. Changes in political conditions in foreign countries and changes in the state of U.S. relations with such countries are difficult to predict and could adversely affect our operations or cause potential target businesses or their goods and services to become less attractive. Because we are not limited to any specific industry, there is no basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible extent of any impact on our ultimate operations if relations are strained between the United States and a foreign country in which we acquire a target business or move our principal manufacturing or service operations. 49 If any dividend is declared in the future and paid in a foreign currency, you may be taxed on a larger amount in U.S. dollars than the U.S. dollar amount that you will actually ultimately receive. If you are a U.S. holder of our shares of common stock, you will be taxed on the U.S. dollar value of your dividends, if any, at the time you receive them, even if you actually receive a smaller amount of U.S. dollars when the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. Specifically, if a dividend is declared and paid in a foreign currency, the amount of the dividend distribution that you must include in your income as a U.S. holder will be the U.S. dollar value of the payments made in the foreign currency, determined at the spot rate of the foreign currency to the U.S. dollar on the date the dividend distribution is includible in your income, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. Thus, if the value of the foreign currency decreases before you actually convert the currency into U.S. dollars, you will be taxed on a larger amount in U.S. dollars than the U.S. dollar amount that you will actually ultimately receive. If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. Following our initial business combination, our management will likely resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with our laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues, which may adversely affect our operations. After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets will likely be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue will be derived from our operations in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and legal policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. The economies in developing countries differ from the economies of most developed countries in many respects. For the most part, such economies have grown at a rate in excess of the United States; however (1) such economic growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and (2) such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country’s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. Currency policies may cause a target business’ ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. Because foreign law could govern almost all of our material agreements, we may not be able to enforce our rights within such jurisdiction or elsewhere, which could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. Foreign law could govern almost all of our material agreements. The target business may not be able to enforce any of its material agreements or that remedies will be available outside of such foreign jurisdiction’s legal system. 50 The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws and contracts in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The judiciaries in developing countries are relatively inexperienced in enforcing corporate and commercial law, leading to a higher than usual degree of uncertainty as to the outcome of any litigation. As a result, the inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business and business opportunities. We may re-incorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with a business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction will likely govern all of our material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. In connection with a business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Republic of the Marshall Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction would likely govern all of our material agreements. We cannot assure you that the system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction would be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. Any such reincorporation and the international nature of our business will likely subject us to foreign regulation. If the company we acquire is in breach of any environmental regulations or has not obtained necessary certificates or permits will negatively affect our profitability. The company we acquire, or any of its subsidiaries, as part of our business combination we shall ensure to have all material permits, licenses, certificates or other authorizations necessary for the conduct of our operations currently in force. However, there can be no assurance that any company we may acquire will be in such compliance at the time of the business combination or that we will have or maintain all such material permits, licenses, certificates or other authorizations. Moreover, additional legislation or regulation applicable to the operation of our vessels that may be implemented in the future could negatively affect our profitability. We face risks related to companies in the maritime transport industry. Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos were founders, officers and directors of two prior blank check companies, each of which consummated a business combinations with a company in the maritime transport industry. Business combinations with companies in the maritime transport industry, including target companies such as the ones previously acquired by our management, entail special considerations and risks, in particular with tanker vessels which may carry crude oil, petroleum products or liquefied gases. If we are successful in completing a business combination with such a target business, we will be subject to, and possibly adversely affected by, the following risks: • if our business involves the ownership of tanker vessels, such vessels could be arrested by maritime claimants, which could result in the interruption of business and have an adverse effect on revenue and profitability; • governments could requisition vessels during a period of war or emergency, resulting in a loss of earnings; • if we experience a catastrophic loss and our insurance is not adequate to cover such loss, it could have a material adverse effect on our operations; • the dangers inherent in the transporting of energy could cause disruptions and could expose us to potentially significant losses, costs or liabilities; • the maritime transport of energy industry is subject to intense governmental regulation; • we may incur significant costs in complying with environmental, safety and other governmental regulations and our failure to comply with these regulations could result in the imposition of penalties, fines and restrictions on our operations; • our operations may harm the environment; • inherent in our operations may be hazards which require continual oversight and control; 51 • conservation measures and technological advances could reduce demand for oil and gas; • political instability could harm our business; • our business may be subject to foreign currency risks; • charterhire rates for tanker vessels are volatile and remain significantly below their high in 2008, which may have an adverse effect on our revenues, earnings and profitability and our ability to comply with our loan covenants; • an over-supply of tanker vessels capacity may affect or depress charter rates and, in turn, adversely affect our profitability; • the market values of our vessels may decrease, which could limit the amount of funds that we can borrow or cause us to breach certain covenants in our credit facilities and we may incur a loss if we sell vessels following a decline in their market value; • a further economic slowdown or changes in the economic and political environment in the Middle East region may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations; • the current state of global financial markets and current economic conditions may adversely impact our ability to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms which may hinder or prevent us from expanding our business; • charterers have been placed under significant financial pressure, thereby increasing our charter counterparty risk; • acts of piracy on ocean-going vessels may have an adverse effect on our business; • political instability, terrorist attacks and international hostilities can affect the seaborne transportation industry, which could adversely affect our business; • our revenues may be subject to seasonal fluctuations, which could affect our operating results and our ability to pay dividends, if any, in the future; • rising fuel prices may adversely affect our profits; • we would be subject to international safety regulations and the failure to comply with these regulations may subject us to increased liability, may adversely affect our insurance coverage and may result in our vessels being denied access to, or detained in, certain ports; • we would be subject to complex laws and regulations, including environmental regulations that can adversely affect the cost, manner or feasibility of doing business; • increased inspection procedures and tighter import and export controls could increase costs and disrupt our business; • maritime claimants could arrest one or more of our vessels, which could interrupt our cash flow; • governments could requisition our vessels during a period of war or emergency, resulting in a loss of earnings; • in the highly competitive international shipping industry, we may not be able to compete for charters with new entrants or established companies with greater resources and, as a result, we may be unable to employ our vessels profitably; and • risks associated with operating ocean-going vessels could affect our business and reputation, which could adversely affect our revenues and stock price. Any of the foregoing could have a negative adverse impact on our operations following a business combination. However, our efforts in identifying prospective target businesses will not be limited to the maritime transport industry. Accordingly, if we acquire a target business in another industry, these risks will likely not affect us and we 52 will be subject to other risks attendant with the specific industry in which we operate or target business which we acquire, none of which can be presently ascertained. We face risks related to companies in the energy storage industry. Business combinations with companies in the energy storage industry entail special considerations and risks. If we are successful in completing a business combination with such a target business, we will be subject to, and possibly adversely affected by, the following risks: • our customers may experience significant interruptions, which could harm our business; • our financial results could depend on the market fundamentals surrounding the price volatility and supply of and demand for crude oil, petroleum products and chemicals, among other factors; • we might depend on a relatively limited number of customers for a significant portion of our revenues; • the carrying values of our terminals may be impaired and could be required to recognize non-cash charges in future periods; • our operations may be subject to operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions, including interruptions from hurricanes, floods or earthquakes, for which we may not be adequately insured; • if our services agreements are terminated and we are unable to secure comparable alternative arrangements, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed; • we may experience competition from other terminals that are able to supply our customers with comparable logistics and storage capacity at a lower price; • any reduction in the capability of our customers to utilize third-party pipelines and railroads that interconnect with our terminals or to continue utilizing them at current costs could cause a reduction of volumes transported through our terminals; • our facilities may have been in service for many years, which could result in increased maintenance expenditures or remediation projects, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition; • we may incur significant costs and liabilities in complying with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, which are complex and frequently changing; • we could incur significant costs and liabilities in responding to contamination that occurs at our facilities; • we could incur substantial costs or disruptions in our business if we cannot obtain or maintain necessary permits and authorizations or otherwise comply with health, safety, environmental and other laws and regulations; • our operations may be subject to federal and state laws and regulations relating to product quality specifications, and we could be subject to damages based on claims brought against us by our customers or lose customers as a result of the failure of products we distribute to meet certain quality specifications; • mergers among our customers and competitors could result in lower levels of activity at our terminals, thereby reducing the amount of cash we generate; and • terrorist attacks aimed at our facilities or surrounding areas could adversely affect our business. Any of the foregoing could have a negative adverse impact on our operations following a business combination. However, our efforts in identifying prospective target businesses will not be limited to the energy storage industry. Accordingly, if we acquire a target business in another industry, these risks will likely not affect us and we will be subject to other risks attendant with the specific industry in which we operate or target business which we acquire, none of which can be presently ascertained. 53 We face risks related to companies in the energy pipeline industry. Business combinations with companies in the energy pipeline industry entail special considerations and risks. If we are successful in completing a business combination with such a target business, we will be subject to, and possibly adversely affected by, the following risks: • changes in petroleum demand and distribution and weakness in the global economy may adversely affect our business; • a significant decline in production at certain refineries served by certain of our pipelines and terminals, or a fundamental change in the primary source of supply of petroleum products to a region, could materially reduce the volume of liquid petroleum products we transport and adversely impact our operating results; • competition could adversely affect our operating results; • mergers among our customers and competitors could result in lower volumes being shipped on our pipelines and stored in our terminals, thereby reducing the amount of cash we generate; • we may incur unknown and contingent liabilities from assets we have acquired; • climate change legislation or regulations restricting emissions of “greenhouse gases” or setting fuel economy or air quality standards could result in increased operating costs or reduced demand for the liquid petroleum products and other hydrocarbon products that we transport, store or otherwise handle in connection with our business; • environmental regulation may impose significant costs and liabilities on us; • existing or future government regulations relating to certain chemicals or additives in gasoline or diesel fuel could require capital expenditures or result in lower pipeline volumes and thereby adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows; • terrorist attacks or other security threats could adversely affect our business; • our business may be exposed to customer credit risk, and we may not be able to fully protect ourselves against such risk; • pipeline operations may be subject to operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions for which we may not be insured or entitled to indemnification; and • hurricanes and other severe weather conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial results and cash flow. Any of the foregoing could have a negative adverse impact on our operations following a business combination. However, our efforts in identifying prospective target businesses will not be limited to the energy pipeline industry. Accordingly, if we acquire a target business in another industry, these risks will likely not affect us and we will be subject to other risks attendant with the specific industry in which we operate or target business which we acquire, none of which can be presently ascertained. 54 C a utionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements contained in this prospectus that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team’s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intends,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “possible,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “would” and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this prospectus may include, for example, statements about: • our ability to complete our initial business combination; • our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; • our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; • our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; • our pool of prospective target businesses; • the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; • our public securities’ potential liquidity and trading; • the lack of a market for our securities; • the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; • foreign currency fluctuations and overall political risk in foreign jurisdictions; or • our financial performance following this offering. The forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading “Risk Factors” beginning on page 24. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 55 U se of Proceeds We are offering 8,000,000 units at an offering price of $10.00 per unit. We estimate that the net proceeds of this offering together with the funds we will receive from the sale of the private placement warrants will be used as set forth in the following table. Without Over-Allotment Option Over-Allotment Option Exercised Gross proceeds Gross proceeds from units offered to public (1) $ 80,000,000 $ 92,000,000 Gross proceeds from private placement warrants offered in the private placement 3,650,000 3,770,000 Total gross proceeds $ 83,650,000 $ 95,770,000 Offering expenses (2) Underwriting commissions ( 3) $ 1,625,000 $ 1,625,000 Legal fees and expenses 250,000 250,000 Printing and engraving expenses 35,000 35,000 Accounting fees and expenses 37,500 37,500 SEC Expenses 9,265 9,265 FINRA Expenses 17,750 17,750 Travel and road show 20,000 20,000 Directors and officers insurance 100,000 100,000 NASDAQ listing and filing fees 75,000 75,000 Reimbursement to underwriters for expenses 100,000 100,000 Miscellaneous expenses 80,485 80,485 Total offering expenses (other than underwriting commissions) $ 725,000 $ 725,000 Proceeds (including deferred underwriting commissions) after offering expenses $ 81,300,000 $ 93,420,000 Held in trust account (3) $ 80,800,000 $ 92,920,000 % of public offering size (4) 101 % 101 % Not held in trust account $ 500,000 $ 500,000 The following table shows the use of the approximately $500,000 of net proceeds not held in the trust account (5) . Amount % of Total Legal, accounting, due diligence, travel, and other expenses in connection with any business combination (6) $ 100,000 20.0 % Legal and accounting fees related to regulatory reporting obligations 75,000 15.0 % Payment for office space, administrative and support services 240,000 48.0 % NASDAQ continued listing fees 55,000 11.0 % Working capital to cover miscellaneous expenses, general corporate purposes, liquidation obligations and reserves 30,000 6.0 % Total $ 500,000 100.0 % ____________ (1) Includes amounts payable to public shareholders who properly redeem their shares in connection with our successful completion of our initial business combination. (2) In addition, a portion of the offering expenses have been paid from the proceeds of loans from certain of our sponsors of up to $250,000 in the aggregate that we may draw down as described in this prospectus. These loans will be repaid upon completion of this offering out of the $725,000 of offering proceeds that has been allocated for the payment of offering expenses other than underwriting commissions. In the event that offering expenses are less than set forth in this table, any such amounts will be used for post-closing working capital expenses. (3) The underwriters have agreed to defer underwriting commissions equal to 2.5% of the gross proceeds of this offering. No up-front commissions relating to the exercise of the underwriter’s over-allotment option will be paid to the underwriters. Upon completion of our initial business combination, up to $2,000,000, which constitutes the underwriters’ deferred commissions (or up to $2,300,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be paid to the 56 underwriters from the funds held in the trust account, such amount to be reduced pro rata based on the number of shares of common stock that are redeemed by our shareholders in connection with our business combination, and the remaining funds, less amounts released to the trustee to pay redeeming shareholders, will be released to us and can be used to pay all or a portion of the purchase price of the business or businesses with which our initial business combination occurs or for general corporate purposes, including payment of principal or interest on indebtedness incurred in connection with our initial business combination, to fund the purchases of other companies or for working capital. The underwriters will not be entitled to any interest accrued on the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions. (4) Of the proceeds we receive from this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants described in this prospectus, $80.8 million or approximately $92.9 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full ($10.10 per unit), will initially be deposited into a trust account with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee. We will have until 12 months from the closing of this offering to consummate our initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months, we may extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to four times, each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 24 months to complete a business combination). In order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination, our sponsors or their affiliates or designees must deposit into the trust account $400,000, or $460,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full ($0.05 per unit in either case), up to an aggregate of $1,600,000 (or $1,840,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), or $0.20 per unit, prior to the applicable deadline for each three month extension. (5) These expenses are estimates only. Our actual expenditures for some or all of these items may differ from the estimates set forth herein. For example, we may incur greater legal and accounting expenses than our current estimates in connection with negotiating and structuring a business combination based upon the level of complexity of such business combination. In the event we identify an acquisition target in a specific industry subject to specific regulations, we may incur additional expenses associated with legal due diligence and the engagement of special legal counsel. In addition, our staffing needs may vary and as a result, we may engage a number of consultants to assist with legal and financial due diligence. We do not anticipate any change in our intended use of proceeds, other than fluctuations among the current categories of allocated expenses, which fluctuations, to the extent they exceed current estimates for any specific category of expenses, would not be available for our expenses. The amount in the table above does not include interest available to us from the trust account. Based on the current interest rate environment, we would expect approximately $484,800 to be available to us from interest earned on the funds held in the trust account over 24 months following the closing of this offering; however, we can provide no assurances regarding this amount. This estimate assumes an interest rate of 0.3% per annum based upon current yields of securities in which the trust account may be invested. (6) Includes estimated amounts that may also be used in connection with our business combination to fund a “no shop” provision and commitment fees for financing. The rules of the NASDAQ Capital Market provide that at least 90% of the gross proceeds from this offering and the private placement be deposited in a trust account. Of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, approximately $80,800,000 (or approximately $92,920,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), including up to $2,000,000 (or up to $2,300,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) of deferred underwriting commissions, will initially be placed in a trust account with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee, subject to increase in the event that our sponsors elect to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, and will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. We estimate that the interest earned on the trust account will be approximately $242,400 per year, assuming an interest rate of 0.3% per year. We will not be permitted to withdraw any of the principal or interest held in the trust account, except for the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes or working capital expenses, until the earlier of (i) the completion of our initial business combination or (ii) the redemption of 100% of our public shares if we are unable to complete a business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus) (subject to the requirements of law). Depending on interest rates, interest earned on the trust account may not be sufficient to pay taxes or a substantial portion of working capital expenses. The net proceeds held in the trust account may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which we ultimately complete our business combination. If our initial business combination is paid for using stock or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our business combination, we may apply the balance of the cash released from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 57 We believe that amounts not held in trust will be sufficient to pay the costs and expenses to which such proceeds are allocated. This belief is based on the fact that while we may begin preliminary due diligence of a target business in connection with an indication of interest, we intend to undertake in-depth due diligence, depending on the circumstances of the relevant prospective acquisition, only after we have negotiated and signed a letter of intent or other preliminary agreement that addresses the terms of a business combination. However, if our estimate of the costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a business combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may be required to raise additional capital, the amount, availability and cost of which is currently unascertainable. If we are required to seek additional capital, we could seek such additional capital through loans or additional investments from our sponsor, members of our management team or their affiliates, but such persons are not under any obligation to advance funds to, or invest in, us. We have entered into an Administrative Services Agreement pursuant to which we will pay an affiliate of our executive officers a total of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. As of the date of this prospectus, certain of our sponsors have agreed to loan us up to $250,000 in the aggregate to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of December 31, 2016 or the closing of this offering. These loans will be repaid upon the closing of this offering out of the $725,000 of offering proceeds that has been allocated to the payment of offering expenses. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. Otherwise, such loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the trust account. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to $2,000,000 of such loans (including any loans made in connection with the extension of the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination) may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of $0.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may also purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. We may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon the consummation of our business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) and the agreement for our business combination may require as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights so that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement or any net worth or cash requirements, we would not proceed with the redemption of our public shares or the business combination, and instead may search for an alternate business combination. A public shareholder will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of our common stock that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus), following the closing of this offering, subject 58 to applicable law and as further described herein and any limitations (including but not limited to cash requirements) created by the terms of the proposed business combination or (iii) the redemption of our public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated articles of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus), from the closing of our initial public offering. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. Our initial shareholders have entered into letter agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, our initial shareholders have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our business combination within the prescribed time frame. However, if our sponsor or any of our officers, directors or affiliates acquires public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. D ividend Policy We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future, except if we increase the size of the offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, in which case we will effect a stock dividend immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of our initial shareholders prior to this offering at 20.0% of our issued and outstanding shares of our common stock upon the consummation of this offering. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith, or by provisions of the BCA. 59 D ilution The difference between the public offering price per share of common stock, assuming no value is attributed to the warrants included in the units we are offering pursuant to this prospectus or the private placement warrants, and the pro forma net tangible book value per share of our common stock after this offering constitutes the dilution to investors in this offering. Such calculation does not reflect any dilution associated with the sale and exercise of warrants, including the private placement warrants, which would cause the actual dilution to the public shareholders to be higher, particularly where a cashless exercise is utilized. Net tangible book value per share is determined by dividing our net tangible book value, which is our total tangible assets less total liabilities (including the value of common stock which may be redeemed for cash), by the number of outstanding shares of our common stock. At May 31, 2016, our net tangible book value was $(108,587), or approximately $(0.05) per share of common stock. After giving effect to the sale of 8,000,000 shares of common stock included in the units we are offering by this prospectus, the sale of the private placement warrants and the deduction of underwriting commissions and estimated expenses of this offering, our pro forma net tangible book value at May 31, 2016 would have been $5,000,003 or $1.89 per share, representing an immediate increase in net tangible book value (as decreased by the value of the approximately 7,358,798 shares of common stock that may be redeemed for cash and assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option) of $1.94 per share to our initial shareholders as of the date of this prospectus and an immediate dilution of $10.10 per share or 101% to our public shareholders not exercising their redemption rights. Total dilution to public shareholders from this offering will be $8.11 per share. The dilution to new investors if the underwriter exercises the over-allotment option in full would be an immediate dilution of $8.32 per share or 83.2%. The following table illustrates the dilution to the public shareholders on a per-share basis, assuming no value is attributed to the warrants included in the units or the private placement warrants: Public offering price $ 10.00 Net tangible book value before this offering $ (0.05 ) Increase attributable to public shareholders 8.26 Decrease attributable to public shares subject to redemption (10.10 ) Pro forma net tangible book value after this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants $ (1.89 ) Dilution to public shareholders $ 8.11 For purposes of presentation, we have reduced our pro forma net tangible book value after this offering (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option) by $74,323,860 because holders of up to approximately 92.0% of our public shares may redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account at a per-share redemption price equal to the amount in the trust account as set forth in our tender offer or proxy materials (initially anticipated to be the aggregate amount held in trust two days prior to the commencement of our tender offer or shareholders meeting, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and working capital released to us) divided by the number of shares of common stock sold in this offering. The following table sets forth information with respect to our initial shareholders and the public shareholders: Shares Purchased Total Consideration Average Price Number Percentage Amount Percentage per Share Initial Shareholders (1) 2,000,000 20.00 % $ 25,000 0.03 % $ 0.01 Public Shareholders 8,000,000 80.00 % 80,000,000 99.97 % $ 10.000 10,000,000 100.00 % $ 80,025,000 100.000 % ____________ (1) Assumes no exercise of the underwriter’s overallotment option and corresponding forfeiture of an aggregate of 300,000 shares held by our initial shareholders. 60 The pro forma net tangible book value per share after the offering is calculated as follows: Numerator: Net tangible book value before this offering $ (108,587 ) Proceeds from this offering and sale of the private placement warrants, net of expenses 81,300,000 Offering costs excluded from net tangible book value before this offering 132,350 Proceeds from sale of unit purchase option to underwriters 100 Less: deferred underwriters’ commissions payable (1) (2,000,000 ) Less: amount of common stock subject to redemption to maintain net tangible assets of $5,000,001 (74,323,860 ) $ 5,000,003 Denominator: Shares of common stock outstanding prior to this offering 2,300,000 Shares forfeited if over-allotment is not exercised (2) (300,000 ) Shares of common stock included in the units offered 8,000,000 Less: shares subject to redemption to maintain net tangible assets of $5,000,001 (7,358,798 ) 2,641,202 ____________ (1) The underwriters have agreed to defer underwriting commissions equal to 2.5% of the gross proceeds of this offering. No up-front commissions relating to the exercise of the underwriter’s over-allotment option will be paid to the underwriters. Upon completion of our initial business combination, up to $2,000,000, which constitutes the underwriters’ deferred commissions (or up to $2,300,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be paid to the underwriters from the funds held in the trust account, such amount to be reduced pro rata based on the number of shares of common stock that are redeemed by our shareholders in connection with our business combination, (2) Assumes no exercise of the underwriter’s overallotment option and corresponding forfeiture of an aggregate of 300,000 shares held by our initial shareholder. 61 C apitalization The following table sets forth our capitalization at May 31, 2016, and as adjusted to give effect to the filing of our amended and restated articles of incorporation, the sale of our units in this offering and the private placement warrants and the application of the estimated net proceeds derived from the sale of such securities: May 31, 2016 Actual As Adjusted (1) Due to Affiliates (2) $ 107,985 $ — Deferred underwriting commissions — 2,000,000 (3) Common stock, subject to redemption (4) — 74,323,860 Shareholders’ equity (deficit): Preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, 10,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding — — Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, 200,000,000 shares authorized; 2,300,000 shares issued and outstanding (actual); 200,000,000 shares authorized; 2,641,202 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 7,358,798 shares subject to redemption) (as adjusted) (5) 230 264 Additional paid-in capital 24,770 5,000,976 Accumulated deficit (1,237 ) (1,237 ) Total shareholders’ equity 23,763 5,000,003 (6) Total capitalization $ 131,748 $ 81,323,863 ____________ (1) Includes the $3,650,000 we will receive from the sale of the private placement warrants and $100 we will receive upon the underwriter’s purchase of the unit purchase option. Assumes the over-allotment option has not been exercised and the resulting forfeiture of 300,000 founder shares held by our sponsors has occurred. (2) Due to affiliates are non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of December 31, 2016 or the completion of the Proposed Offering. (3) The underwriters have agreed to defer underwriting commissions equal to 2.5% of the gross proceeds of this offering. Upon completion of our initial business combination, up to $2,000,000, which constitutes the underwriters’ deferred commissions (or up to $2,300,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be paid to the underwriters from the funds held in the trust account, such amount to be reduced pro rata based on the number of shares of common stock that are redeemed by our shareholders in connection with our business combination, and the remaining funds, less amounts released to the trustee to pay redeeming shareholders, will be released to us and can be used to pay all or a portion of the purchase price of the business or businesses with which our initial business combination occurs or for general corporate purposes, including payment of principal or interest on indebtedness incurred in connection with our initial business combination, to fund the purchases of other companies or for working capital. The underwriters will not be entitled to any interest accrued on the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions. (4) Upon the completion of our initial business combination, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and working capital released to us) subject to the limitations described herein whereby our net tangible assets will be maintained at a minimum of $5,000,001 and any limitations (including, but not limited to, cash requirements) created by the terms of the proposed business combination. (5) The “as adjusted” calculation equals the “as adjusted” total assets of $81,323,863, less the “as adjusted” shareholders’ equity of $5,000,010, which is set to approximate the minimum net tangible assets threshold of at least $5,000,001. The “as adjusted” total assets reflects the total gross proceeds of this offering and the private placement of $83,650,000, plus gross proceeds from the sale of the unit purchase option of $100, plus total assets as of May 31, 2016 of $146,748, less payment of accrued expenses as of May 31, 2016 of $15,000, less $107,985, due to affiliates, less payment of estimated expenses of this offering of $2,350,000. (6) Excludes 7,358,798 shares of common stock purchased in the public market which are subject to redemption in connection with our initial business combination. The “as adjusted” calculation equals the “as adjusted” total assets, less the “as adjusted” total liabilities, less the value of public shares that may be redeemed in connection with our initial business combination for an estimated $10.10 per share. 62 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Overview We are a blank check company formed pursuant to the laws of the Republic of the Marshall Islands for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We have not identified any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with respect to identifying any business combination target. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of this offering and the private placement of the private placement warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. The issuance of additional shares of our stock in a business combination: • may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in this offering; • may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; • could cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; • may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and • may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock and/or warrants. Similarly, if we issue debt securities, it could result in: • default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; • acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; • our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; • our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; • our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; • using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; • limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; • increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and • limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 63 As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, at May 31, 2016, we had approximately $14,398 in cash and deferred offering costs of $132,350. Further, we expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial business combination will be successful. Results of Operations and Known Trends or Future Events We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for this offering. Following this offering, we will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial business combination. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents after this offering. There has been no significant change in our financial or trading position and no material adverse change has occurred since the date of our audited financial statements. After this offering, we expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. We expect our expenses to increase substantially after the closing of this offering. Liquidity and Capital Resources Our liquidity needs have been satisfied to date through receipt of $25,000 from the sale of the founder shares to our initial shareholders and loans of up to $250,000 from certain of our sponsors. We estimate that the net proceeds from (i) the sale of the units in this offering, after deducting offering expenses of approximately $725,000, underwriting commissions of $1,625,000 (excluding deferred underwriting commissions of $2,000,000 (or up to $2,300,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full)), and (ii) the sale of the private placement warrants for a purchase price of $3,650,000 (or $3,770,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), will be $80.8 million (or $92.9 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full). Approximately $80.8 million (or $92.9 million if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) will initially be held in the trust account, subject to increase in the event that our sponsors elect to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, which includes up to $2,000,000 (or up to $2,300,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) of deferred underwriting commissions. The remaining approximately $500,000 will not be held in the trust account. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of $725,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of $725,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and working capital released to us and excluding deferred underwriting commissions) to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest to pay taxes or working capital expenses, if any. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we will have available to us the approximately $500,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account. We will use these funds primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete a business combination, and to pay taxes to the extent the interest earned on the trust account is not sufficient to pay our taxes. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to $2,000,000 of such loans (including any loans made in connection with the extension of the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination) may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of $0.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The 64 warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We expect our primary liquidity requirements during that period to include approximately $100,000 for legal, accounting, due diligence, travel and other expenses associated with structuring, negotiating and documenting successful business combinations; $75,000 for legal and accounting fees related to regulatory reporting requirements; $55,000 for NASDAQ and other regulatory fees; $240,000 for office space, administrative and support services; and $30,000 for general working capital that will be used for miscellaneous expenses and reserves. These amounts are estimates and may differ materially from our actual expenses. In addition, we could use a portion of the funds not being placed in trust to pay commitment fees for financing, fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business or as a down payment or to fund a “no-shop” provision (a provision designed to keep target businesses from “shopping” around for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into an agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business, the amount that would be used as a down payment or to fund a “no-shop” provision would be determined based on the terms of the specific business combination and the amount of our available funds at the time. Our forfeiture of such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise) could result in our not having sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conducting due diligence with respect to, prospective target businesses. We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds following this offering in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our business combination. In the current economic environment, it has become especially difficult to obtain acquisition financing. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. Controls and Procedures We are not currently required to evaluate our internal controls as defined by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We will be required to comply with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for the fiscal year ending November 30, 2017. Only in the event that we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer would we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement. Prior to the closing of this offering, we have not completed an assessment, nor have our auditors tested our systems, of internal controls. We expect to assess the internal controls of our target business or businesses prior to the completion of our initial business combination and, if necessary, to implement and test additional controls as we may determine are necessary in order to state that we maintain an effective system of internal controls. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding the adequacy of internal controls. Many small and mid-sized target businesses we may consider for our business combination may have internal controls that need improvement in areas such as: • staffing for financial, accounting and external reporting areas, including segregation of duties; • reconciliation of accounts; • proper recording of expenses and liabilities in the period to which they relate; • evidence of internal review and approval of accounting transactions; 65 • documentation of processes, assumptions and conclusions underlying significant estimates; and • documentation of accounting policies and procedures. Because it will take time, management involvement and perhaps outside resources to determine what internal control improvements are necessary for us to meet regulatory requirements and market expectations for our operation of a target business, we may incur significant expenses in meeting our public reporting responsibilities, particularly in the areas of designing, enhancing, or remediating internal and disclosure controls. Doing so effectively may also take longer than we expect, thus increasing our exposure to financial fraud or erroneous financing reporting. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk The net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account will be invested in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. Related Party Transactions Our initial shareholders currently own 2,300,000 shares of common stock (initially purchased by Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos in January 2016 for an aggregate of $25,000), up to 300,000 of which are subject to forfeiture by our initial shareholders if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full. In January 2016, Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos collectively transferred an aggregate of 2,099,900 shares to our sponsor and an aggregate of 34,500 shares to our director nominees. In addition, in January 2016, Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos collectively transferred an aggregate of 165,600 shares to our other initial shareholders. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20.0% of the outstanding shares upon completion of this offering. The purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. If we increase or decrease the size of the offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, we will effect a stock dividend or a share contribution back to capital, as applicable immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of our initial shareholders prior to this offering at 20.0% of our issued and outstanding shares of our common stock upon the consummation of this offering. We have entered into an Administrative Services Agreement pursuant to which we will also pay an affiliate of our executive officers a total of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. As of the date of this prospectus, certain of our sponsors have agreed to loan us up to $250,000 in the aggregate to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of December 31, 2016 or the closing of this offering. These loans will be repaid upon the closing of this offering out of the $725,000 of offering proceeds that has been allocated to the payment of offering expenses. As of the date of this prospectus, the total amount our sponsors have loaned us is $137,985. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to $2,000,000 of such loans (including any loans made in connection with the extension of the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination) may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of $0.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Dominium Investments Inc. and Firmus Investments Inc. have committed to purchase an aggregate of 7,300,000 private placement warrants (or 7,540,000 private placement warrants if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a price of $0.50 per warrant ($3,650,000 in the aggregate, or $3,770,000 in the aggregate if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with 66 the closing of this offering. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at $11.50 per share. Warrants may be exercised only for a whole number of shares of common stock. Our initial shareholders will be permitted to transfer the private placement warrants held by them to certain permitted transferees, including our executive officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with or related to them, but the transferees receiving such securities will be subject to the same agreements with respect to such securities as the sponsor. Otherwise, these warrants will not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our business combination. The private placement warrants will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees (except as described below under “Principal Shareholders — Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants”). The private placement warrants may also be exercised by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees for cash or on a cashless basis. Otherwise, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in this offering. Pursuant to a registration rights agreement we will enter into with our initial shareholders and initial purchasers of the private placement warrants on or prior to the closing of this offering, we may be required to register certain securities for sale under the Securities Act. These holders are entitled under the registration rights agreement to make up to three demands that we register certain of our securities held by them for sale under the Securities Act and to have the securities covered thereby registered for resale pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders have the right to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. We will bear the costs and expenses of filing any such registration statements. See “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions.” Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements; Commitments and Contractual Obligations; Quarterly Results As of May 31, 2016, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations. No unaudited quarterly operating data is included in this prospectus as we have conducted no operations to date. JOBS Act On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an “emerging growth company” and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an “emerging growth company”, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor’s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor’s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO’s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our initial public offering or until we are no longer an “emerging growth company,” whichever is earlier. 67 P roposed Business Introduction We are a newly-organized blank check company formed pursuant to the laws of the Republic of the Marshall Islands for the purpose of acquiring, through a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, recapitalization, exchangeable share transaction or other similar business transaction with one or more operating businesses or assets that we have not yet identified. While our efforts in identifying a prospective target business for our initial business combination will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region, we will initially focus our search on identifying a prospective target business in the international energy logistics industry. We do not have any specific merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, recapitalization, exchangeable share transaction or other similar business transaction under consideration and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, contacted any prospective target business or had any discussions, formal or otherwise, with respect to such a transaction. We have assembled a group of directors, including independent directors, who will provide public company governance, executive leadership, operations oversight, private equity investment management and capital markets experience. Our Board members have extensive experience, having served as directors, CEO’s or CFO’s, or in other executive and advisory capacities for publicly-listed and privately-owned companies. Our directors have experience with acquisitions, divestitures and corporate strategy and implementation, which we believe will be of significant benefit to us as we evaluate potential acquisition or merger candidates as well as following the completion of our initial business combination. We believe that the international energy logistics industry presents attractive opportunities for consolidation and growth and a favorable area in which to attempt to consummate a business combination. Our executive officers and directors have an aggregate of over 80 years of experience in the energy logistics industry, as managers, principals or directors of major worldwide maritime companies, where they have sourced, negotiated and structured transactions in these industries. We intend to leverage the industry experience of our executive officers, including their contacts and relationships, by focusing our efforts on identifying a prospective target business in the international energy logistics industry. While the amount of time our executive officers will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for the initial business combination and the stage of the initial business combination process the company is in, we expect Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos to devote, in the aggregate, an average of approximately 20 hours per week to our business. Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos, our co-Chief Executive Officers, were founders, officers and directors of two blank check companies that consummated business combinations, Nautilus Marine and Star Maritime. Nautilus Marine conducted an initial public offering in June 2011, consummated a business combination in February 2013, was taken private as Nautilus Offshore Services Inc. in October 2013, and in November 2015 was acquired by DryShips, Inc. (Nasdaq:DRYS). Star Maritime conducted an initial public offering in June 2005, consummated a business combination in November 2007, and trades on the Nasdaq Stock Market as Star Bulk Carriers Corp. (Nasdaq:SBLK). Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos played the leading role throughout the business combination transactions for Nautilus Marine and for Star Maritime, including identifying suitable acquisition candidates including the ultimate targets, and the consummation of such acquisitions. With respect to the above transactions, past performance by Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos, or any other member of our management team, is not a guarantee that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. Management and Board Expertise Our executive officers and directors have extensive experience in the logistics side of the energy industry as managers, principals or directors of companies involved in ocean transportation dealing with companies in the related logistics infrastructure areas of terminal and port facilities. Prior to the consummation of a business combination, we intend to leverage the industry experience of our executive officers, including their extensive contacts, relationships and access to acquisition opportunities, by focusing our efforts on identifying a prospective target business or businesses in the energy logistics industry and negotiating the terms of such transaction. Subsequent to the consummation of a business combination, we believe that the strengths of our management team, particularly their extensive operations experience in the transportation/logistics field, will be valuable with respect to contributing to the ongoing operations of any business we may acquire. 68 Initial Business Combination We will have until 12 months from the closing of this offering to consummate our initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months, we may extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to four times, each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 24 months to complete a business combination). In order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination, our sponsors or their affiliates or designees must deposit into the trust account $400,000, or $460,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full ($0.05 per unit in either case), up to an aggregate of $1,600,000 (or $1,840,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), or $0.20 per unit, prior to the applicable deadline for each three month extension. Our sponsors and their affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the applicable time period, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account and as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Marshall Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such event, the warrants will be worthless. NASDAQ rules provide that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, or a qualified independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. If our securities are not listed on NASDAQ after this offering, we would not be required to satisfy the 80% requirement. However, we intend to satisfy the 80% requirement even if our securities are not listed on NASDAQ at the time of our initial business combination. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% requirement. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% requirement will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. If our securities are not listed on NASDAQ after this offering, we would not be required to satisfy the 80% requirement. However, we intend to satisfy the 80% requirement even if our securities are not listed on NASDAQ at the time of our initial business combination. We have not established any specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses or asset(s), although we intend to initially focus our search in the energy logistics industry. The determination of whether a target company or assets is attractive for acquisition will be based on our analysis of a variety of factors, including whether such acquisition would be in the best interests of our security holders, the purchase price, the terms of the sale, our perceived quality of the assets, the financial status or prospects of the company and the likelihood that the transaction will close. We may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet certain of these factors or guidelines. 69 In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information which will be made available to us. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a qualified independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Members of our management team may directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants following this offering, and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. For additional information regarding our executive officers’ and directors’ business affiliations and potential conflicts of interest, see “Management — Directors and Executive Officers” and “Management — Conflicts of Interest.” Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which such officer or director is required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our executive officers will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. Our executive officers, directors and director nominees have agreed, pursuant to a written letter agreement, not to participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other blank check company until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination within 12 months after the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination). Our executive offices are located at 90 Kifissias Avenue, Maroussi 15125, Athens, Greece and our telephone number is +30 210 876-4858. Status as a Public Company We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for shares of our stock or for a combination of shares of our stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this process a more certain and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, road show and public reporting efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters’ ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders’ interests. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company’s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 70 While we believe that our structure and our management team’s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, without an operating history, and the uncertainty relating to our ability to obtain stockholder approval of our proposed initial business combination and retain sufficient funds in our trust account in connection therewith, negatively. We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.0 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior May 31 st (the end of our second fiscal quarter), and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. Financial Position With funds available for a business combination initially in the amount of $79,300,000 assuming no redemptions and after payment of up to $2,000,000 of deferred underwriting fees (or $91,420,000 after payment of up to $2,300,000 of deferred underwriting fees if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. The Energy Logistics Industry We were formed to acquire, through a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition or other similar business combination, one or more businesses in the international energy logistics industry which we consider as businesses that support the process of moving energy, in the form of crude oil, natural and liquefied petroleum gas and distilled and specialized products (such as petrochemicals), from production to final consumption throughout the world. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities. We do not have any specific business combination under consideration, nor have we had any discussions with any target business regarding a possible business combination. We believe that the international energy logistics industry performs indispensable functions in the supply chain of getting energy from producers to final consumers by moving, storing, distributing petrochemicals or processed petrochemical products. We believe that the needs for energy in today’s global economy are expanding and present opportunities for consolidation and growth in the energy logistics industry. Before the marketplace can consume energy, it must be produced, transported, stored, processed or distilled, transported again and then ultimately distributed. This comprises the largest portion of what is known as the energy midstream industry which processes, stores, markets and transports commodities such as crude oil, distilled products and petrochemicals, natural gas, and natural gas liquids. The midstream provides the vital link between the far-flung crude petroleum producing areas and the population centers where most consumers are located. Additionally, each of these links within the energy chain, particularly terminalling and transportation, is typically fragmented, which our management believes represents a favorable opportunity to consummate a business combination with target companies within the three identified sectors listed below. They include businesses that are part of the following sub-segments of the energy logistics industry: • Energy Transportation: transportation of crude oil, gas or refined products by ocean going tanker and gas vessels; • Terminalling (Storage): terminalling facilities, on land or at sea, that are used to accumulate, store and distribute various forms of energy and/or petrochemical products; and • Pipelines: transportation of crude oil, gas or refined products by pipeline between production areas, refining facilities and storage/distribution terminals. We have not conducted any research with respect to identifying the number and characteristics of the potential acquisition candidates within any segment of the international energy logistics industry, or the likelihood or probability of success of any proposed business combination. In addition, we have not compiled a database of 71 entities that are suitable acquisition candidates. We cannot assure you that we will be able to locate a target business meeting the criteria described above in these segments or that we will be able to engage in a business combination with a target business on favorable terms. Maritime Energy Transportation The transportation of crude oil, gas or refined products by ocean going tanker vessels is an important link in the energy chain. Energy must be transported from producing areas to refineries and then onto locations where consumers reside. The world oil tanker fleet is divided into two primary categories, crude oil and product/chemical tankers. As indicated below, crude oil tankers carry only crude oil and are very large ocean going vessels, whereas product tankers carry only refined products and are smaller ocean going vessels than crude oil tankers and chemical tankers carry refined products and chemicals. Tanker charterers of wet cargo will typically charter the appropriate sized tanker based on the length of journey, cargo size and port and canal restrictions. Crude oil tankers are typically larger than product tankers. The four major tanker categories with reference to size are: • Very Large Crude Carriers, or VLCCs. Tanker vessels that are used to transport crude oil with cargo capacity typically between 200,000 and 320,000 dead weight tons, or dwt, that are more than 300 meters in length. VLCCs are highly automated and their advanced computer systems allow for a minimal crew. The majority of the world’s crude oil is transported via VLCCs. • Suezmax. Tanker vessels with cargo capacity typically between 120,000 and 200,000 dwt. These vessels are used in some of the fastest growing oil producing regions of the world, including the Caspian Sea and West Africa. Suezmax tankers are the largest ships able to transit the Suez Canal with a full payload and are capable of both long and short haul voyages. • Aframax. Tanker vessels with cargo capacity typically between 80,000 and 120,000 dwt. These tankers carry crude oil and serve various trade routes from short to medium distances mainly in the North Sea, the Mediterranean and Venezuela. These vessels are able to enter a larger number of ports throughout the world as compared to the larger crude oil tankers. • Product. Tanker vessels with cargo capacity typically less than 60,000 dwt. Product tankers are capable of carrying refined petroleum products, such as fuel oils, gasoline and jet fuel, as well as various edible oils, such as vegetable and palm oil . • Chemical. Specialized tanker vessels with cargo capacity typically ranging from 5,000 to 40,000 dwt. The cargo tanks of these vessels are either coated with specialized coatings such as phenolic epoxy or zinc-based paints, or made from stainless steel. The coating or cargo tank material largely determines what types of cargo a particular tank can carry, with stainless steel tanks being the most resistant to aggressive cargoes such as sulfuric and phosphoric acid. The world gas tanker fleet is divided into two primary categories, liquid petroleum gas (LPG) vessels and liquefied natural gas (LNG) vessels. We will focus on the LPG vessels which are divided into the following four major LPG vessel categories with reference to size: - Very Large Gas Carriers, or VLGCs. The VLGC vessels primarily navigate the long routes from the countries in the Middle East region to Asia and from West Africa to the USA and Europe. The VLGCs primarily carry butane and propane and have a capacity of at least 60,000 m3. - Large Gas Carriers, or LGCs. The LGC vessels have a capacity of between 40,000 and 59,999 m3. The principal routes for LGC vessels are from the Black Sea to the USA and from West Africa to the USA. Most of the LGC fleet is employed for transporting ammonia. - Medium Gas Carriers, or MGCs. The MGC vessels have a capacity of at least 20,000 m3 and less than 40,000 m3. The MGCs primarily navigate intra-European routes and in the Gulf of Mexico, but also operate from the Arabian Gulf to Asia. 72 - Small Gas Carriers, or SGCs. The SGC vessels have a capacity of more than 5,000 m3 and less than 20,000 m3. SGCs primarily operate on short distances and often carry olefins. Terminalling (Storage) Petroleum terminals are land or sea based facilities that receive, store and re-deliver bulk quantities of crude oil, gasoline and other light petroleum products via pipelines, sea vessels or trucks. These facilities, which are used to store energy before or after it is refined and distributed to consumers, are a vital link in the energy chain. We believe there are several areas in the world where opportunities to locate and identify potential target businesses in terminalling exist. The acquisition of terminals either close to production or consumption areas creates economies of scale, minimizes transportation costs and enables more efficient distribution of energy to end users. These factors present attractive opportunities for consolidation and growth in the following: • areas of great shipping traffic such as Gibraltar, Fujairah and Singapore, where the demand for bunkering (supplying another vessel with fuel) has increased over the years and we believe will continue to increase in the future; • areas with numerous small product streams that are accumulated for shipment, such as the Black Sea, the Baltic Sea, the Arctic and the Caribbean; and • areas with poor distribution infrastructure and storage capacities, including a majority of the world’s emerging and developing markets where the demand for energy has left these markets behind other industrial regions, such as South America, India and China. Pipelines Industries in the Pipeline Transportation subsector use transmission pipelines to transport crude oil, natural gas and refined petroleum products. Pipelines move crude oil from oil fields on land and offshore to refineries where it is turned into fuels and other products, then from the refineries to terminals where fuels are trucked to retail outlets. Pipelines operate 24 hours a day, seven days a week. They connect producing areas to refineries and chemical plants while delivering the products consumers and businesses need, where they need them, when they need them. Pipelines are identified based on the products transported (i.e., pipeline transportation of crude oil, natural gas, refined petroleum products, and other products). According to pipeline operators, in the United States alone, there were 199,243 miles of liquids pipeline in operation with 66,649 miles devoted to crude oil, 61,681 miles transporting refined petroleum products (gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, etc.) and 65,595 miles delivering gas liquids (propane, ethane, butane, etc.). Pipelines are among the safest, most cost-effective and efficient was to deliver energy liquids and, because most are buried, they are largely unseen. A barrel of crude oil or petroleum products reaches its destination safely over 99.999% of the time. Delivering crude oil by pipeline can cost on a per barrel basis as little as half of other modes of transportation. Lower costs applied to the billions of barrels of crude oil and petroleum products flowing across pipelines makes them the most efficient means of energy transportation. It is these inherent safety, cost and efficiency characteristics of pipelines that provide an ongoing opportunity for pipeline growth in the continuous quest to connect supply areas to demand locations. Government, Environmental and Other Regulations Government regulations and laws will significantly affect the ownership and operation of energy related onshore facilities or vessels. If we consummate our initial business combination within the international energy logistics industry we may become subject to international conventions, national, state and local laws and regulations in force in the countries in which any of the onshore facilities, assets or vessels we acquire may operate or be located or registered and compliance with such laws, regulations and other requirements may entail significant expense. We believe that the heightened levels of environmental and quality concerns among insurance underwriters, regulators and charterers have led to greater inspection and safety requirements on all vessels and may accelerate the scrapping of older vessels throughout the industry. Increasing environmental concerns have created a demand for vessels that conform to stricter environmental standards. 73 Effecting our Initial Business Combination General We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following this offering. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of this offering and the private placement of the private placement warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial business combination is paid for using stock or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our business combination or used for redemptions of purchases of our common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. We have not identified any business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions with respect to identifying any business combination target. From the period commencing with our formation through the date of this prospectus, there have been no communications or discussions between any of our officers, directors or our sponsor and any of their potential contacts or relationships regarding a potential initial business combination. Additionally, we have not engaged or retained any agent or other representative to identify or locate any suitable acquisition candidate, to conduct any research or take any measures, directly or indirectly, to locate or contact a target business. Accordingly, there is no current basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing the business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek shareholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. Origination and Sourcing of Target Business Opportunities We believe our management team’s extensive target sourcing and transaction experience, including in connection with two previous blank check companies, along with relationships with intermediaries and companies, will provide us with a substantial number of potential business combination targets. Over the course of their careers, the members of our board and management team have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships around the world. This network has been developed over the course of an aggregate of over 30 years, in the case of our co-Chief Executive Officers. We expect that the management team’s network of existing contacts and relationships will be able to deliver a flow of potential platform and add-on acquisition opportunities which are proprietary or where a limited group of established, credentialed buyers have been invited to participate in the sale process. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the track record and business relationships of our officers and directors 74 In addition, we anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity funds and large business enterprises seeking to divest non-core assets or divisions. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read this prospectus and know what types of businesses we are targeting. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, executive officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete an initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a qualified independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. As more fully discussed in “Management — Conflicts of Interest,” if any of our executive officers becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. All of our executive officers currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. Selection of a target business and structuring of our initial business combination NASDAQ rules provide that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation or value of comparable businesses. If our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or a qualified independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. If our securities are not listed on NASDAQ after this offering, we would not be required to satisfy the 80% requirement. However, we intend to satisfy the 80% requirement even if our securities are not listed on NASDAQ at the time of our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% requirement. There is no basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our business combination. To the extent we effect our business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information which will be made available to us. 75 The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. Lack of business diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: • subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and • cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. Limited ability to evaluate the target’s management team Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business’s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that the additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Shareholders may not have the ability to approve our initial business combination For so long as we are deemed to be a foreign private issuer, we will conduct redemptions in accordance with the SEC’s tender offer rules. However, if we are not a foreign private issuer, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether shareholder approval is currently required under Marshall Islands law for each such transaction. Type of Transaction Whether Shareholder Approval is Required Purchase of assets No Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company No Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company No Merger of the company with a target Yes 76 Under NASDAQ’s listing rules, shareholder approval would be required for our initial business combination (unless we are deemed to be a foreign private issuer at such time) if, for example: • we issue common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20% of the number of shares of our common stock then outstanding; • any of our directors, officers or substantial shareholders (as defined by NASDAQ rules) has a 5% or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10% or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding shares of common stock or voting power of 5% or more; or • the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. Permitted purchases of our securities In the event we seek shareholder approval of our business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. They will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. Subsequent to the consummation of this offering, we will adopt an insider trading policy which will require insiders to: (i) refrain from purchasing shares during certain blackout periods and when they are in possession of any material non-public information and (ii) to clear all trades with our legal counsel prior to execution. We cannot currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as it will be dependent upon several factors, including but not limited to, the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances, our insiders may either make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. The purpose of such purchases would be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public “float” of our common stock may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against the business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 77 Any purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Redemption rights for public shareholders upon completion of our initial business combination We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and working capital released to us) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately $10.10 per public share (subject to increase of up to an additional $0.20 per unit in the event that our sponsors elect to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus). The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our initial shareholders have entered into letter agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with the completion of our business combination. Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement, or whether we will be deemed to be a foreign private issuer (in which case we would be required to conduct a tender offer under SEC rules rather than seeking shareholder approval). Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20% of our outstanding common stock (unless we are deemed to be a foreign private issuer at such time) or seek to amend our amended and restated articles of incorporation would require shareholder approval. If a shareholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated articles of incorporation: • conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and • file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. Upon the public announcement of our business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than a specified number of public shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon the consummation of 78 our business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. For so long as we are deemed to be a foreign private issuer, we will conduct redemptions in accordance with the SEC’s tender offer rules. If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated articles of incorporation: • conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and • file proxy materials with the SEC. In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. In such case, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, we would need only 3,000,001, or 37.5%, of the 8,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of our initial business combination in order to have such transaction approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised). Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. In addition, our initial shareholders have entered into letter agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of a business combination. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon the consummation of our business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). Redemptions of our public shares may also be subject to a higher net tangible asset test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. Limitation on redemption upon completion of our initial business combination if we seek shareholder approval Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to Excess Shares. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 20% of the shares sold in this offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder’s shares are not 79 purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders’ ability to redeem no more than 20% of the shares sold in this offering, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. Tendering stock certificates in connection with a tender offer or redemption rights We may require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the vote on the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker $35.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders’ vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an “option window” after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company’s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the shareholder meeting, would become “option” rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder’s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the date of the shareholder meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our business combination. If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 80 If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus). Ability to Extend Time to Complete Business Combination If we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months, we may extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to four times, each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 24 months to complete a business combination). In order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination, our sponsors or their affiliates or designees must deposit into the trust account $400,000, or $460,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full ($0.05 per unit in either case), up to an aggregate of $1,600,000 (or $1,840,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), or $0.20 per unit, prior to the applicable deadline for each three month extension. Our sponsors and their affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. Redemption of public shares and liquidation if no initial business combination Our executive officers, directors and director nominees have agreed that we will have only 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus), to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the applicable time period we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to $50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and working capital released to us) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Marshall Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our business combination within the applicable time period. Our initial shareholders have entered into letter agreements with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus). However, if our initial shareholders acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the applicable time period. Our executive officers, directors and director nominees have agreed, pursuant to a written letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated articles of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus), unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and working capital released to us) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon the consummation of our business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). Prior to acquiring any securities from our initial shareholders, permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement with us agreeing to be bound by the same restriction. 81 We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately $500,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes and not released to us to fund working capital expenses, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to $50,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of this offering, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be approximately $10.10 (or such higher amount then held in trust). The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be substantially less than $10.10 (or such higher amount then held in trust). These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our shareholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors’ claims. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party’s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos have agreed that they will be jointly liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) $10.10 per public share (or such higher amount then held in trust) or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets other than due to the failure to obtain such waiver, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes or working capital expenses, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We cannot assure you, however, that Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our other officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (i) $10.10 per public share (or such higher amount then held in trust) or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets other than due to the failure to obtain such waiver, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes or working capital expenses, and Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos assert that they are unable to satisfy their indemnification obligations or that they have no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos to enforce their 82 indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos to enforce their indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be substantially less than $10.10 per share (or such higher amount then held in trust). We will seek to reduce the possibility that Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to approximately $500,000 from the proceeds of this offering with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately $50,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of $725,000, we may fund such excess with funds from the funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of $725,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding amount. Under the BCA, shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public shareholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus), may be considered a liquidation distribution under Marshall Islands law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 105 of the BCA intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a period of between six months and three years (which may be extended under certain circumstances) during which third party claims can be brought against the corporation before any liquidating distributions are made to shareholders, any liability of shareholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such shareholder’s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the shareholder, and any liability of the shareholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 24 th month from the closing of this offering in the event we do not complete our business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public shareholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus), is not considered a liquidation distribution under Marshall Islands law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 100 of the BCA, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be three years (which may be extended under certain circumstances) after the unlawful redemption distribution. If we are unable to complete our business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus), we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes or working capital expenses and less up to $50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Marshall Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following 83 our 24 th month, and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our shareholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our shareholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. Because we will not be complying with Section 106 of the BCA with respect to giving published notice to third party claimants or creditors, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the three years (which may be extended under certain circumstances) following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return $10.10 per share (or such higher amount then held in trust) to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus), (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated articles of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus), or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the initial business combination. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder’s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder’s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation Our amended and restated articles of incorporation contain certain requirements and restrictions relating to this offering that will apply to us until the consummation of our initial business combination. If we seek to amend any provisions of our amended and restated articles of incorporation relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity, we will provide public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with any such vote. Our initial shareholders have agreed to waive any redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Specifically, our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide, among other things, that: • prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we shall either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which shareholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and working capital released to us) or 84 (2) provide our shareholders with the opportunity to tender their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and working capital released to us) in each case subject to the limitations described herein; • we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, solely if we seek shareholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination; • if our initial business combination is not consummated within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus), then our existence will terminate and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account; and • prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of holders of 65% of our common stock. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that we may consummate our initial business combination only if approved by a majority of the shares of common stock voted by our shareholders at a duly held shareholders meeting. 85 Comparison of redemption or purchase prices in connection with our initial business combination and if we fail to complete our business combination. The following table compares the redemptions and other permitted purchases of public shares that may take place in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and if we are unable to complete our business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus). Redemptions in Connection with our Initial Business Combination Other Permitted Purchases of Public Shares by our Affiliates Redemptions if we fail to Complete an Initial Business Combination Calculation of redemption price Redemptions at the time of our initial business combination may be made pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a shareholder vote. The redemption price will be the same whether we conduct redemptions pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a shareholder vote. In either case, our public shareholders may redeem their public shares for cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination (which is initially anticipated to be $10.10 per share (subject to increase of up to an additional $0.20 per unit in the event that our sponsors elect to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus), including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and working capital released to us) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitation that no redemptions will take place if all of the redemptions would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon the consummation of our business combination and any limitations (including but not limited to cash requirements) agreed to in connection with the negotiation of terms of a proposed business combination. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following completion of our initial business combination. Such purchases will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. If we are unable to complete our business combination within 12 months (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus) from the closing of this offering, we will redeem all public shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (which is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per share), including interest (less up to $50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses, which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. Impact to remaining shareholders The redemptions in connection with our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for our remaining shareholders, who will bear the burden of the interest withdrawn in order to pay taxes or working capital expenses (to the extent not paid from amounts accrued as interest on the funds held in the trust account). If the permitted purchases described above are made, there will be no impact to our remaining shareholders because the purchase price would not be paid by us. The redemption of our public shares if we fail to complete our business combination will reduce the book value per share for the shares held by our initial shareholders, who will be our only remaining shareholders after such redemptions. 86 Comparison of This Offering to Those of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419 The following table compares the terms of this offering to the terms of an offering by a blank check company subject to the provisions of Rule 419. This comparison assumes that the gross proceeds, underwriting commissions and underwriting expenses of our offering would be identical to those of an offering undertaken by a company subject to Rule 419, and that the underwriters will not exercise their over-allotment option. None of the provisions of Rule 419 apply to our offering. Terms of Our Offering Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering Escrow of offering proceeds The rules of the NASDAQ Capital Market provide that at least 90% of the gross proceeds from this offering and the private placement be deposited in a trust account. Approximately $80,800,000 (or $92,920,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will initially be deposited into a trust account located in the United States at JPMorgan Chase Bank with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee, subject to increase in the event that our sponsors elect to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination. Approximately $70,537,500 of the offering proceeds, representing the gross proceeds of this offering less allowable underwriting commissions, expenses and company deductions under Rule 419, would be required to be deposited into either an escrow account with an insured depositary institution or in a separate bank account established by a broker-dealer in which the broker-dealer acts as trustee for persons having the beneficial interests in the account. Investment of net proceeds Approximately $80,800,000 (or $92,920,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) of the net offering proceeds and the sale of the private placement warrants held in trust, subject to increase in the event that our sponsors elect to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Proceeds could be invested only in specified securities such as a money market fund meeting conditions of the Investment Company Act or in securities that are direct obligations of, or obligations guaranteed as to principal or interest by, the United States. Receipt of interest on escrowed funds Interest on proceeds from the trust account to be paid to shareholders is reduced by (i) interest withdrawn for our working capital requirements, (ii) any taxes paid or payable and (iii) in the event of our liquidation for failure to complete our initial business combination within the allotted time, up to $50,000 of net interest that may be released to us should we have no or insufficient working capital to fund the costs and expenses of our dissolution and liquidation. Interest on funds in escrow account would be held for the sole benefit of investors, unless and only after the funds held in escrow were released to us in connection with our completion of a business combination. 87 Terms of Our Offering Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering Limitation on fair value or net assets of target business NASDAQ rules provide that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our securities are not listed on NASDAQ after this offering, we would not be required to satisfy the 80% requirement. However, we intend to satisfy the 80% requirement even if our securities are not listed on NASDAQ at the time of our initial business combination. The fair value or net assets of a target business must represent at least 80% of the maximum offering proceeds. Trading of securities issued The units will begin trading on or promptly after the date of this prospectus. The common stock and warrants comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 52 nd day following the date of this prospectus unless Maxim informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our having filed the Current Report on Form 8-K described below and having issued a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. We will file the Current Report on Form 8-K promptly after the closing of this offering, which is anticipated to take place three business days from the date of this prospectus. If the over-allotment option is exercised following the initial filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, a second or amended Current Report on Form 8-K will be filed to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the over-allotment option. No trading of the units or the underlying common stock and warrants would be permitted until the completion of a business combination. During this period, the securities would be held in the escrow or trust account. Exercise of the warrants The warrants cannot be exercised until the later of 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination or 12 months from the closing of this offering. The warrants could be exercised prior to the completion of a business combination, but securities received and cash paid in connection with the exercise would be deposited in the escrow or trust account. 88 Terms of Our Offering Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering Election to remain an investor We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest, which interest shall be net of taxes payable and working capital released to us, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. We may not be required by law to hold a shareholder vote. If we are not required by law and do not otherwise decide to hold a shareholder vote, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated articles of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. If, however, we hold a shareholder vote, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem its public share irrespective of whether it votes for or against the proposed transaction. A prospectus containing information pertaining to the business combination required by the SEC would be sent to each investor. Each investor would be given the opportunity to notify the company in writing, within a period of no less than 20 business days and no more than 45 business days from the effective date of a post-effective amendment to the company’s registration statement, to decide if he, she or it elects to remain a shareholder of the company or require the return of his, her or its investment. If the company has not received the notification by the end of the 45 th business day, funds and interest or dividends, if any, held in the trust or escrow account are automatically returned to the shareholder. Unless a sufficient number of investors elect to remain investors, all funds on deposit in the escrow account must be returned to all of the investors and none of the securities are issued. 89 Terms of Our Offering Terms Under a Rule 419 Offering Business combination deadline If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and working capital released to us and less up to $50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Marshall Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. If an acquisition has not been completed within 18 months after the effective date of the company’s registration statement, funds held in the trust or escrow account are returned to investors. Release of funds Except for the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes or working capital expenses, none of the funds held in trust (including the interest on such funds) will be released from the trust account until the earlier of (i) the completion of our initial business combination or (ii) the redemption of 100% of our public shares if we are unable to complete a business combination within the required time frame (subject to the requirements of applicable law). The proceeds held in the escrow account are not released until the earlier of the completion of a business combination or the failure to effect a business combination within the allotted time. 90 Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. Facilities We currently maintain our executive offices at 90 Kifissias Avenue, Maroussi 15125, Athens, Greece. The cost for this space is included in the $10,000 per month fee that we pay an affiliate of our executive officers for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Employees We currently have two executive officers. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos or any other members of our management will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process, but we expect that they will devote approximately 20 hours a week in the aggregate to our affairs. Periodic Reporting and Financial Information We will register our units, common stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public auditors. We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to shareholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with GAAP, however, they may alternatively be prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with either GAAP or IFRS or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with either GAAP or IFRS. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. We will be required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending November 30, 2017 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 91 Prior to the date of this prospectus, we will file a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we will be subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our business combination. We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an “emerging growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.0 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior May 31 st (the end of our second fiscal quarter), and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. References herein to “emerging growth company” shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. Legal Proceedings There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such, and we and the members of our management team have not been subject to any such proceeding in the 12 months preceding the date of this prospectus. 92 Management Directors and Executive Officers Our directors, officers and director nominees are as follows: Name Age Position Prokopios (Akis) Tsirigakis 60 Chairman of the Board, co-Chief Executive Officer and President George Syllantavos 51 co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director Alexandros Argyros 36 Director Nominee* Tiziano Paravagna 32 Director Nominee* Eleonora (Liona) Bacha 50 Director Nominee* ____________ * This individual has indicated his assent to occupy such position upon the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms part. Prokopios (Akis) Tsirigakis has served as our Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and co-Chief Executive Officer since December 2015. From May 2011 until October 2013, Mr. Tsirigakis co-founded and served as Chairman and Co-CEO of Nautilus Marine, a special purpose acquisition company that completed an initial public offering on July 16, 2011 and was listed on Nasdaq. Mr. Tsirigakis has served as the CEO of Nautilus Offshore Services Inc., an offshore service vessel owner and the successor of Nautilus Marine, since October 2013 and as a Vice President of Dryships, Inc. (Nasdaq: DRYS), which acquired Nautilus Offshore Services Inc., since December 2015. From May 2005 to November 2007, he co-founded and served as Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President of, Star Maritime (AMEX:SEA), a blank check company. From November 2007 until February 2011, he was the President and Chief Executive Officer of, Star Bulk Carriers Corp., a dry-bulk ship-owning company and the successor of Star Maritime. From November 2003 until November 2007, he served as Managing Director of Oceanbulk Maritime S.A., a company that operated and managed dry bulk vessels. From November 1998 to November 2007, Mr. Tsirigakis established and served as the Managing Director of Combine Marine Inc., a company providing ship management services to third parties. From 1991 to 1998, Mr. Tsirigakis was the Vice-President and Technical Director of Konkar Shipping Agencies S.A. of Athens, after having served as Konkar’s Technical Director from 1984 to 1991. From 1981 to 1984, Mr. Tsirigakis was the Technical Manager of Konkar’s affiliate, Arkon Shipping Agencies Inc. of New York. Mr. Tsirigakis received his Masters Degree (1979) and B.Sc. in Naval Architecture from The University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, USA. George Syllantavos has served as our co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director since December 2015. Mr. Syllantavos co-founded in February 2013, and is Chief Executive Officer of, Nautilus Energy Management Corp. (not affiliated with Nautilus Offshore Services Inc.), a maritime energy services company involved in maritime project business development and ship management focusing on the offshore supply and gas sectors. Since September 2009, he has been the President, Secretary, Treasurer and sole director of BTHC X, Inc. (OTCBB: BTXI), a company exploring business combination opportunities in the technology sectors. From May 2011 until February 2013, Mr. Syllantavos co-founded and served as Co-CEO and CFO of Nautilus Marine, a special purpose acquisition company that completed an initial public offering on July 16, 2011 and was listed on Nasdaq. He served as the CFO of Nautilus Offshore Services Inc., an offshore service vessel owner and the successor of Nautilus Marine, from February 2013 until April 2014. From November 2007 to August 2011, he served as Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director of Star Bulk Carriers Corp., a dry-bulk ship-owning company. From May 2005 to November 2007, he served as the Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director of Star Maritime (AMEX:SEA), its predecessor, which was a blank check company. From May 1999 to December 2007, he was the President and General Manager of Vortex Ltd., an aviation consulting firm specializing in strategic analysis, fleet planning and asset management. From January 1998 to April 1999, he served as a financial advisor to Hellenic Telecommunications Organization S.A., where, on behalf of the Chief Executive Officer, he coordinated and led the company’s listing on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE:OTE) and where he had responsibilities for the strategic planning and implementation of multiple acquisitions of fixed-line telecommunications companies. Mr. Syllantavos served as a financial and strategic advisor to both the Greek Ministry of Industry & Energy (from June 1995 to May 1996) and the Greek Ministry of Health (from May 1996 to January 1998), where, in 1997 and 1998, he helped structure the equivalent of a US$700 million bond issuance for the payment of outstanding debts to the suppliers of the Greek National Health System. From 1998 to 2004, he served as a member of the Investment Committee of a merchant 93 banking firm, where he reviewed and analyzed many acquisition targets of small or medium sized privately-held manufacturing firms in the U.S. and internationally, of which he assisted in negotiating, structuring and implementing the acquisition of several such firms. Before that, he served for almost 5 years as an aviation consultant specializing in strategic planning and fleet asset management. Mr. Syllantavos has a B.Sc. in Industrial Engineering from Roosevelt University in Chicago and an MBA in Operations Management, International Finance and Transportation Management from the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University (USA). Alexandros Argyros will be one of our independent directors as of the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. Since March 2010, he has been with Axia Ventures Group serving as Managing Director and Head of the firm’s Investment Banking Division. From May 2011 until February 2013, Mr. Argyros served as a Director of Nautilus Marine, a special purpose acquisition company that completed an initial public offering on July 16, 2011 and was listed on Nasdaq. From early 2009 to March 2010, Mr. Argyros was a director of FiliaGroup, a private equity fund focusing on investments in the Environmental and Alternative Energy sectors. Prior to 2009, he spent seven years, from 2002 to 2009 with Morgan Stanley, three years, from June 2002 to August 2005 with the Global Industrials Group in New York and London and four years, from February 2006 to February 2010 with the Southeastern Europe/Greek coverage team focusing mainly on transactions involving companies, both public and private, in the commercial shipping sector. He currently sits, since 2010 on the Board of Directors of Filia Environmental Industries S.A. and FiliaCom S.A., both private companies active in the Environmental and Alternative Energy fields. Alexandros holds a BA. in Economics from Amherst College (USA). Tiziano Paravagna will be one of our independent directors as of the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. He is Head of Sale and Purchase and Projects department since March 2007 at IFCHOR SA, a major brokerage and advisory company in the maritime industry headquartered in Lausanne, Switzerland. He specializes in putting together large long-period chartering deals of major international charterers and commodity houses, especially Japanese ones, with international ship-owning groups. He created and established the Sale and Purchase and Projects department with offices in Lausanne, Switzerland and Athens, Greece. From 2004 to March 2007, Mr. Paravagna was employed as a Sale & Purchase and Projects broker for Genoa Sea Brokers S.p.A., in Genoa, Italy. Due to the nature of his work, Mr. Paravagna has developed an extensive and valuable network within the energy and transportation sectors. Mr. Paravagna has extensive experience in asset transactions in the energy and transportation sector, while during the last 10 years he has been involved in numerous transactions with an aggregate value exceeding $1.2 billion. Mr. Paravagna holds a Doctorate in Naval Architecture and Engineering from Genoa University (Italy) and was an Erasmus exchange student at Strathclyde University (Glasgow). Eleonora (Liona) Bacha will be one of our independent directors as of the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. Ms. Bacha founded Hellaschart Ltd. in 2000, where she currently holds the position of Managing Director. Hellaschart is a chartering and brokering company serving charterers, ship owners and terminal operators worldwide. Ms. Bacha was honored with the Lloyds’ List “Shipbroker of the Year 2011” award. Prior to that, since 1990, Ms. Bacha was an executive at Hellastir Shipping Agencies, the exclusive Chartering Partner for Zim Israel Navigation within the Greek market. Ms. Bacha served as secretary of the Greece-Israel Friendship League for 3 years, from 1993 to 1996, while since 1990 she is a member of the Hellenic Shipbrokers Association, where she serves as elected member and vice president of the Board of Directors since March 2015. Since January 2016 she is a member of the W.I.B. (women in business) committee of the Hellenic-American Chamber of Commerce. She is a founding member of the Greek Shipbrokers Shipping Companies Association, a founding member of the Women International Shipping and Trading Association (WISTA), where she served as secretary for 4 years from 1992 to 1996. She is a founding member of the Newbuilding Club, where she served as treasurer from 1988 to 1990 and a member of The Propeller Club of the United States since 1995. Ms. Bacha received her Bachelor in Economics and Political Sciences from Athens University and her Masters in Shipping, Trade and Finance from City University Business School (CASS), London. Our officers and board of directors are well qualified as leaders. In their prior positions they have gained experience in core management skills, such as strategic and financial planning, public company financial reporting, compliance, risk management, and leadership development. Our officers and directors also have experience serving on boards of directors and board committees of other public companies and private companies, and have an understanding of corporate governance practices and trends, which provides an understanding of different business processes, challenges, and strategies. Further, certain of our officers and directors have other experience that makes them valuable, such as prior experience identifying and engaging a target in connection with a blank check company business combination, managing and investing assets or facilitating the consummation of business combinations. 94 Our executive officers and director nominees have extensive experience in the logistics side of the energy industry as managers, principals or directors of companies involved in ocean transportation dealing with companies in the related logistics infrastructure areas of terminal and port facilities. We intend to leverage the industry experience of our executive officers and director nominees, including their extensive contacts, relationships and access to acquisition opportunities, by focusing our efforts on identifying a prospective target business or businesses in the energy logistics industry and negotiating the terms of such transaction. We, along with our officers and directors, believe that the above-mentioned attributes, along with the leadership skills and other experiences of our officers and board members described below, provide us with a diverse range of perspectives and judgment necessary to facilitate our goals of consummating a business combination. Prokopios (Akis) Tsirigakis . We believe Mr. Tsirigakis is well-qualified to serve as a member of the Board due to his public company experience, business leadership, operational experience, and experience in a prior blank check offering, such as Star Maritime and Nautilus Marine. We believe Mr. Tsirigakis’ contacts and sources, ranging from private and public company contacts, shipping banks, private equity funds and investment bankers will allow us to generate acquisition opportunities and identify suitable acquisition candidates. We believe Mr. Tsirigakis’ strategic experience and background in identifying, negotiating, structuring and consummating the business combination of Star Maritime and Nautilus Marine will further our purposes of consummating a business combination. George Syllantavos . We believe Mr. Syllantavos is well-qualified to serve as a member of the Board due to his public company experience, business leadership, operational experience, and experience in a prior blank check offering, such as Star Maritime and Nautilus Marine. We believe Mr. Syllantavos’ access to contacts and sources, ranging from private and public company contacts, private equity funds and investment bankers will allow us to generate acquisition opportunities and identify suitable acquisition candidates. We believe Mr. Syllantavos’ strategic experience and background in negotiating, structuring and consummating the business combination of Star Maritime and Nautilus Marine will further our purposes of consummating a business combination. Alexandros Argyros . We believe Mr. Argyros is well qualified to serve as a member of the Board due to his investment banking experience with Axia, Morgan Stanley and other international financial institutions. We believe Mr. Argyros’ access to contacts and sources emanating from his position of investment banker will allow us to generate acquisition opportunities and identify suitable acquisition candidates. We believe Mr. Argyros’ investment banking, financial analysis and deal structuring experience, including his Board tenure at Nautilus Marine Acquisition Corp., will prove helpful in negotiating, structuring and consummating a business combination. Tiziano Paravagna . We believe Mr. Paravagna is well qualified to serve as a member of the Board due to his experience in top management level of one of the most prominent maritime/energy project development and brokering organizations worldwide. We believe Mr. Paravagna’s access to contacts and sources emanating from being in charge of such leading business development and brokering firm in the particular area of shipping and energy also focusing on large energy projects and fleet transactions will allow us to generate acquisition opportunities and identify suitable acquisition candidates. We believe Mr. Paravagna’s project development and transaction experience will prove helpful in negotiating, structuring and consummating a business combination. Eleonora (Liona) Bacha . We believe Ms. Bacha is well qualified to serve as a member of the Board due to her high-level experience in maritime transportation as well as with a multinational organization involved in port and energy facilities infrastructure and development. We believe Ms. Bacha’s access to contacts and sources emanating from her relationship with major port management organizations as well as global terminal facility developers and operators will allow us to generate acquisition opportunities in the ports and terminal sectors and identify suitable acquisition candidates. We believe Ms. Bacha’s experience will further our purpose of consummating a business combination. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors is divided into two classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of shareholders) serving a two-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Argyros and Paravagna and Ms. Bacha, will expire at our first annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of 95 Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos, will expire at the second annual meeting of shareholders. We do not currently intend to hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after we consummate our initial business combination. Our officers are elected by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Assistant Secretaries, Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. We do not currently intend to hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after we consummate a business combination, and thus may not be in compliance with Section 64 of the BCA. Therefore, if our shareholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to our consummation of a business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by the holders of not less than 10% of the shares entitled to vote in an election of directors may, in writing, demand the call of a special meeting specifying the time thereof, which shall not be less than two (2) nor more than three (3) months from the date of such call in accordance with Section 64(3) of the BCA. Director Independence NASDAQ listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An “independent director” is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company’s board of directors, would interfere with the director’s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Messrs. Argyros and Paravagna and Ms. Bacha are “independent directors” as defined in the NASDAQ listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Executive Officer and Director Compensation None of our executive officers, directors or director nominees have received any cash (or non-cash) compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on the NASDAQ through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we will pay an affiliate of our executive officers a total of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial support. Our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our independent directors will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely of independent directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management’s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 96 Committees of the Board of Directors Upon the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms part, our board of directors will have two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Both our audit committee and our compensation committee will be composed solely of independent directors. Audit Committee Upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, we will establish an audit committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Argyros and Paravagna and Ms. Bacha will serve as members of our audit committee. Mr. Argyros will serve as chairman of the audit committee. Under NASDAQ listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Messrs. Argyros and Paravagna and Ms. Bacha are independent. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Argyros qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert” as defined in applicable SEC rules. Responsibilities of the audit committee include: • the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; • pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; • reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; • setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; • setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; • obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (i) the independent auditor’s internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within, the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; • reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and • reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Compensation Committee Upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, we will establish a compensation committee of the board of directors. The members of our compensation committee will be Messrs. Argyros and Paravagna and Ms. Bacha. Mr. Paravagna will serve as chairman of the compensation committee. We will adopt a compensation committee charter, which will detail the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: • reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our co-Chief Executive Officers’ compensation, evaluating their performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving their remuneration (if any) based on such evaluation in executive sessions at which they are not present; 97 • reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; • reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; • implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; • assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; • approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; • producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and • reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. The charter will also provide that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by NASDAQ and the SEC. Director Nominations We do not have a standing nominating committee, though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or NASDAQ rules. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the NASDAQ rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who shall participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Messrs. Argyros and Paravagna and Ms. Bacha. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(1)(A) of the NASDAQ rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. The board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our shareholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of shareholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of shareholders). Our shareholders that wish to nominate a director for election to the Board should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our form of Code of Ethics and our audit committee charter as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. You will be able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC’s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. See “Where You Can Find Additional Information.” 98 Conflicts of Interest Certain of our executive officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which such officer or director is required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of the above executive officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our executive officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. Our sponsor, executive officers, directors and director nominees may become involved with subsequent blank check companies similar to our company, although they have agreed not to participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any blank check company until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination within 12 months after the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination). Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: • None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities. • In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented to our company or to another entity. For a complete description of our management’s other affiliations, see “— Directors and Executive Officers.” • Our initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, our initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to its founder shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months after the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination). If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private placement warrants will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares and private placement units will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our sponsor or our Chairman, respectively, until the earlier of (1) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (2) the date on which we consummate a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization, or other similar transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the last sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, the founder shares will be released from the lock-up. With certain limited exceptions, the private placement warrants and the common stock underlying such warrants, will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since our sponsor and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants following this offering, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 99 • Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. The conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the Republic of the Marshall Islands are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: • the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; • the opportunity is within the corporation’s line of business; and • it would not be fair to the corporation and its shareholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that the doctrine of corporate opportunity will not apply with respect to any of our officers or directors in circumstances where the application of the doctrine would conflict with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers, directors and director nominees currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations: Individual Entity Entity’s Business Affiliation Prokopios (Akis) Tsirigakis Nautilus Offshore Services Inc. Operator of offshore service vessels Chief Executive Officer Dryships, Inc. Operator of dry bulk carriers and offshore service vessels Vice President George Syllantavos Nautilus Energy Management Corp. Maritime energy services company Chief Executive Officer BTHC X, Inc. Blank check company President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director Alexandros Argyros Axia Ventures Group Investment banking Managing Director and Head of Investment Banking Filia Environmental Industries Environmental Director FiliaCom S.A. Alternative energy Director Tiziano Paravagna IFCHOR SA Brokerage and advisory company Head of Sale and Purchase and Projects Eleonora (Liona) Bacha Hellaschart Ltd. Vessel chartering and cargo brokering Managing Director Accordingly, if any of the above executive officers, directors or director nominees becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities to which he or she has current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We do not believe, however, that any of the foregoing fiduciary duties or contractual obligations will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination. Our independent directors will not be obligated to present any business combination opportunities to us. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that we renounce our 100 interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a qualified independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. In the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial business combination and our officers and directors have also agreed to vote any public shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, we would need only 3,000,001, or 37.5%, of the 8,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of our initial business combination in order to have such transaction approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised). Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by the BCA, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted by the BCA. We will enter into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated articles of incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to maintain insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Marshall Islands law would permit such indemnification. We will purchase a policy of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification we provide to our officers and directors will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. These provisions may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 101 Principal Shareholders The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of the date of this prospectus, and as adjusted to reflect the sale of our common stock included in the units offered by this prospectus, and assuming no purchase of units in this offering, by: • each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock; • each of our executive officers, directors and director nominees that beneficially owns shares of our common stock; and • all our executive officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this prospectus. The post-offering ownership percentage column below assumes that the underwriters do not exercise their over-allotment option, that our sponsor forfeits 300,000 founder shares, and that there are 10,000,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding after this offering. Prior to the Offering After the Offering (1) Name and Address of Beneficial Owners (2) Amount and nature of beneficial ownership Percentage of outstanding common stock Amount and nature of beneficial ownership Percentage of outstanding common stock Astra Maritime Corp. (3) 486,450 21.15 % 423,000 4.23 % Dominium Investments Inc. (3) 575,000 25.00 % 500,000 5.00 % Magellan Investments Corp. (4) 509,450 22.15 % 443,000 4.43 % Firmus Investments Inc. (4) 529,000 23.00 % 460,000 4.60 % Prokopios Tsirigakis (3) 1,061,450 46.15 % 923,000 9.23 % George Sylantavos (4) 1,038,450 45.15 % 903,000 9.03 % Alexandros Argyros 13,800 * 12,000 * Tiziano Paravanga 10,350 * 9,000 * Eleonora (Liona) Bacha 10,350 * 9,000 * All Directors and Officers as a group (5 persons) 2,134,400 92.80 % 1,856,000 18.56 % Centaurus Metal Corp. (5) 92,000 4.00 % 80,000 * Nikolas Tsirigakis 57,500 2.50 % 50,000 * Nicolas Bornozis 12,075 * 10,500 * Stylianos Anastopoulos 4,025 * 3,500 * Total 2,300,000 100.00 % 2,000,000 20.00 % ____________ * Less than one percent (1) Assumes only the sale of 8,000,000 units in this offering and the sale of an aggregate of 7,300,000 insider warrants, but not the exercise of the 8,000,000 warrants included in such units or the 7,300,000 warrants purchased by our sponsors. Assumes (i) the underwriters’ over-allotment option has not been exercised and, therefore, 300,000 shares of common stock have been forfeited by our initial shareholders as a result and (ii) the underwriters’ purchase option has not been exercised. (2) Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the shareholders is 90 Kifissias Avenue, Maroussi 15125, Athens, Greece. (3) Mr. Tsirigakis is the sole shareholder of Astra Maritime Corp. and of Dominium Investments Inc. As a result, Mr. Tsirigakis may be deemed to be beneficial owner of any shares deemed to be beneficially owned by Astra Maritime Corp. and by Dominium Investments Inc. (4) Mr. Syllantavos is the sole shareholder of Magellan Investments Corp. and of Firmus Investments Inc. As a result, Mr. Syllantavos may be deemed to be beneficial owner of any shares deemed to be beneficially owned by Magellan Investments Inc. and Firmus Investments Inc. 102 (5) Mr. Anastasios Chrysostomidis is the sole shareholder of Centaurus Metal Corp. As a result, Mr. Chrysostomidis may be deemed to be beneficial owner of any shares deemed to be beneficially owned by Centaurus Metal Corp. Immediately after this offering, our initial shareholders will beneficially own 20.0% of the then issued and outstanding shares of our common stock (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering). If we increase or decrease the size of the offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, we will effect a stock dividend or a share contribution back to capital, as applicable, immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of our initial shareholders prior to this offering at 20.0% of our issued and outstanding shares of our common stock upon the consummation of this offering. Because of this ownership block, our initial shareholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including the election of directors, amendments to our amended and restated articles of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions other than approval of our initial business combination. The founder shares are identical to the shares of common stock included in the units being sold in this offering. However, the holders have agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination and (B) not to redeem any shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. Dominium Investments Inc. and Firmus Investments Inc. have committed, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase an aggregate of 7,300,000 private placement warrants (or 7,540,000 private placement warrants if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) at a price of $0.50 per warrant ($3,650,000 in the aggregate, or $3,770,000 in the aggregate if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at $11.50 per share. Warrants may be exercised only for a whole number of shares of common stock. The purchase price of the private placement warrants will be added to the proceeds from this offering to be held in the trust account pending our completion of our business combination. If we do not complete our business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus), the proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The private placement warrants are subject to the transfer restrictions described below. The private placement warrants will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering. Otherwise, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in this offering. Our sponsor and our executive officers and directors are deemed to be our “promoters” as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants The founder shares, private placement warrants and any shares of common stock issued upon exercise of the private placement warrants are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in the letter agreements with us to be entered into by our initial shareholders. Those lock-up provisions provide that such securities are not transferable or salable (i) in the case of the founder shares, until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our business combination, the last sale price of the common stock (x) equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property and (ii) in the case of the private placement warrants and the respective common stock underlying such warrants, until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, except in each case (a) to our officers or directors, any affiliates or family members of any of our officers or directors, any of our initial shareholders, any members of our initial shareholders, or any affiliates of our initial shareholders or any of their members; (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of one of the members of the individual’s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of one of the individual’s immediate family, an affiliate of such person or to a 103 charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or transfers made in connection with the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the securities were originally purchased; or (f) in the event of our liquidation prior to our completion of our initial business combination; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a) through (e) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions. Registration Rights The holders of the founder shares and private placement warrants will have registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering. These holders will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders will have “piggy-back” registration rights to include such securities in other registration statements filed by us and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. We will bear the costs and expenses of filing any such registration statements. 104 Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions Our initial shareholders currently own 2,300,000 shares of common stock (initially purchased by Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos in January 2016 for an aggregate of $25,000), up to 300,000 of which are subject to forfeiture by our initial shareholders if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full. In January 2016, Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos collectively transfer red an aggregate of 2,099,900 shares to our sponsor and an aggregate of 34,500 shares to our director nominees . In addition, in January 2016, Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos collectively transferred an aggregate of 165,600 shares to our other initial shareholders. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20.0% of the outstanding shares upon completion of this offering. If we increase or decrease the size of the offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, we will effect a stock dividend or share contribution back to capital, as applicable, immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of our initial shareholders prior to this offering at 20.0% of our issued and outstanding shares of our common stock upon the consummation of this offering. Dominium Investments Inc. and Firmus Investments Inc. have committed, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase an aggregate of 7,300,000 private placement warrants (or 7,540,000 private placement warrants if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) for a purchase price of $0.50 per warrant in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the closing of this offering. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at $11.50 per share. Warrants may be exercised only for a whole number of shares of common stock. The private placement warrants (including the common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by it until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. As more fully discussed in “Management — Conflicts of Interest,” if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our executive officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. We have entered into an Administrative Services Agreement with Nautilus Energy Management Corp., an affiliate of our executive officers, pursuant to which we will pay a total of $10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. As of the date of this prospectus, three of our sponsors, Firmus Investments Inc., Astra Maritime Corp. and Magellan Investments Corp., have agreed to loan us up to $100,000, $75,000 and $75,000, respectively, or up to $250,000 in the aggregate, to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of December 31, 2016 or the closing of this offering. These loans will be repaid upon the closing of this offering out of the $725,000 of offering proceeds that has been allocated to the payment of offering expenses. The value of our sponsor’s interest in this transaction corresponds to the principal amount outstanding under any such loan. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to $2,000,000 of such loans (including any loans made in connection with the extension of the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination) may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of $0.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be 105 identical to the private placement warrants. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a shareholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. We have entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the founder shares and private placement warrants, which is described under the heading “Principal Shareholders — Registration Rights.” Following this offering, our audit committee must review and approve any related person transaction we propose to enter into. Our audit committee charter details the policies and procedures relating to transactions that may present actual, potential or perceived conflicts of interest and may raise questions as to whether such transactions are consistent with the best interest of our company and our shareholders. A summary of such policies and procedures is set forth below. Any potential related party transaction that is brought to the audit committee’s attention will be analyzed by the audit committee, in consultation with outside counsel or members of management, as appropriate, to determine whether the transaction or relationship does, in fact, constitute a related party transaction. At its meetings, the audit committee will be provided with the details of each new, existing or proposed related party transaction, including the terms of the transaction, the business purpose of the transaction and the benefits to us and to the relevant related party. In determining whether to approve a related party transaction, the audit committee must consider, among other factors, the following factors to the extent relevant: • whether the terms of the transaction are fair to us and on the same basis as would apply if the transaction did not involve a related party; • whether there are business reasons for us to enter into the transaction; • whether the transaction would impair the independence of an outside director; and • whether the transaction would present an improper conflict of interest for any director or executive officer. Any member of the audit committee who has an interest in the transaction under discussion must abstain from any voting regarding the transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the audit committee, participate in some or all of the audit committee’s discussions of the transaction. Upon completion of its review of the transaction, the audit committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the transaction. 106 Description of Securities Pursuant to our amended and restated articles of incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of 200,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. The following description summarizes the material terms of our capital stock. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. Units Each unit has an offering price of $10.00 and consists of one share of common stock and one warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in this prospectus. Warrants may be exercised only for a whole number of shares of common stock. The common stock and warrants comprising the units will begin separate trading on the 52 nd day following the closing of this offering unless Maxim informs us of its decision to allow earlier separate trading, subject to our having filed the Current Report on Form 8-K described below and having issued a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Once the shares of common stock and warrants commence separate trading, holders will have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into shares of common stock and warrants. In no event will the common stock and warrants be traded separately until we have filed with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds at the closing of this offering. We will file a Current Report on Form 8-K promptly after the closing of this offering which will include this audited balance sheet, which is anticipated to take place three business days after the date of this prospectus. If the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised following the initial filing of such Current Report on Form 8-K, a second or amended Current Report on Form 8-K will be filed to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option. Common Stock Prior to the date of this prospectus, there were 2,300,000 shares of our common stock outstanding. Our initial shareholders will own 20.0% of our issued and outstanding shares after this offering (assuming our initial shareholders do not purchase any units in this offering). Upon the closing of this offering, 10,000,000 shares of our common stock will be outstanding (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option and the corresponding forfeiture of 300,000 founder shares by our initial shareholders). If we increase or decrease the size of the offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, we will effect a stock dividend or share contribution back to capital, as applicable, immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of our initial shareholders prior to this offering at 20.0% of our issued and outstanding shares of our common stock upon the consummation of this offering. Common shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Unless specified in our amended and restated articles of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable provisions of the BCA or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Our board of directors is divided into two classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of two years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50% of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. In accordance with NASDAQ corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on NASDAQ. We do not currently intend to hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after we consummate a business combination, and thus may not be in compliance with Section 64 of the BCA. Therefore, if our shareholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to our consummation of a business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by the holders of not 107 less than 10% of the shares entitled to vote in an election of directors may, in writing, demand the call of a special meeting specifying the time thereof, which shall not be less than two (2) nor more than three (3) months from the date of such call in accordance with Section 64(3) of the BCA. We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and working capital released to us) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately $10.10 per public share (subject to increase of up to an additional $0.20 per unit in the event that our sponsors elect to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus). The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our initial shareholders have entered into letter agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our business combination. Unlike many blank check companies that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, or if we are deemed to be a foreign private issuer at such time, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated articles of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation requires these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons, and if we will not be a foreign private issuer at such time, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in this prospectus), if any, could result in the approval of our business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 15 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our business combination. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. If we seek shareholder approval in connection with our business combination, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, we would need only 3,000,001, or 37.5%, of the 8,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of our initial business combination in order to have such transaction approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised). Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. Pursuant to our amended and restated articles of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which 108 interest shall be net of taxes payable and working capital released to us and less up to $50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Marshall Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our initial shareholders have entered into letter agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus). However, if our initial shareholders acquire public shares in or after this offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our business combination within the prescribed time period. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and working capital released to us) upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. Founder Shares The founder shares are identical to the shares of common stock included in the units being sold in this offering, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that (i) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, and (ii) our initial shareholders have entered into letter agreements with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our business combination and (B) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus), although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our business combination within such time period. If we submit our business combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, we would need only 3,000,001, or 37.5%, of the 8,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of our initial business combination in order to have such transaction approved (assuming the over-allotment option is not exercised). With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of one year after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier if (x) subsequent to our business combination, the last sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Up to 300,000 founder shares will be subject to forfeiture by our initial shareholders (or their permitted transferees) on a pro rata basis depending on the exercise of the over-allotment option. The founder shares are identical to the shares of common stock included in the units being sold in this offering. However, the holders have agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination and (B) not to redeem any shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. 109 Preferred Stock Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors will be able to, without shareholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preferred stock without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No shares of preferred stock are being issued or registered in this offering. Warrants Public Shareholders’ Warrants Each warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of 12 months from the closing of this offering or 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Warrants may be exercised only for a whole number of shares of common stock. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. We will not be obligated to deliver any shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of common stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, unless an exemption is available. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of common stock underlying such unit. We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than thirty (30) days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. We will use our best efforts to cause the same to become effective no later than ninety (90) days after the closing of our initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the above, if our common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement or register or qualify the shares under blue sky laws, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were initially offered by us in this offering. Once the warrants become exercisable, we may call the warrants for redemption: • in whole and not in part; • at a price of $0.01 per warrant; • upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption (the “30-day redemption period”) to each warrant holder; and 110 • if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds $21.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date we send to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws and we are unable to effect such registration or qualification, subject to our obligation in such case to use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares of common stock under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were initially offered by us in this offering. We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the common stock may fall below the $21.00 redemption trigger price as well as the $11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his, her or its warrant to do so on a “cashless basis.” In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a “cashless basis,” our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our shareholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average reported last sale price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of common stock to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the “fair market value” in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination. If we call our warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage of this option, the initial purchasers and their permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their private placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other warrant holders would have been required to use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, as described in more detail below. A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person’s affiliates), to the warrant agent’s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8% (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. If the number of outstanding shares of common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of common stock, or by a split-up of shares of common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares of common stock. A rights offering to holders of common stock entitling holders to purchase shares of common stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of shares of common stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of common stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for common stock) multiplied by (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of common stock paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock, in determining the price payable for common stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of common stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on 111 the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of common stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of common stock on account of such shares of common stock (or other shares of our capital stock into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) as a result of the repurchase of shares of common stock by the company if the proposed initial business combination is presented to the shareholders of the company for approval, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of common stock in respect of such event. If the number of outstanding shares of our common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares of common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of common stock. Whenever the number of shares of common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of common stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such shares of common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding shares of common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the shares of our common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. However, if such holders were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets for which each warrant will become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by such holders in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election, and if a tender, exchange or redemption offer has been made to and accepted by such holders (other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer made by the company in connection with redemption rights held by shareholders of the company as provided for in the company’s amended and restated articles of incorporation or as a result of the repurchase of shares of common stock by the company if a proposed initial business combination is presented to the shareholders of the company for approval) under circumstances in which, upon completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) of which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) more than 50% of the outstanding shares of common stock, the holder of a warrant will be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a shareholder if such warrant holder had exercised the warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of the common stock held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustments (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in the warrant agreement. Additionally, if less than 70% of the consideration receivable 112 by the holders of common stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of common stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the per share consideration minus Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise may not receive the full potential value of the warrants. The warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which will be filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 65% of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of common stock. After the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Warrants may be exercised only for a whole number of shares of common stock. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. Private Placement Warrants The private placement warrants (including the common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions as described under “Principal Shareholders — Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants,” to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the sponsor) and they will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. Except as described below, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in this offering. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in this offering. If holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value” (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average reported last sale price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the initial purchasers and their permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public shareholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the shares of common stock received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to 113 recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate. Representative’s Unit Purchase Option We have agreed to sell to Maxim (and/or its designees) an option to purchase up to 200,000 units at $11.50 per unit. The units issuable upon exercise of this option are identical to those offered by this prospectus. For a more complete description of such option, including the registration rights afforded to the holders of such option, see the section appearing elsewhere in this prospectus entitled “Underwriting — Purchase Option.” Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future, except if we increase the size of the offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, in which case we will effect a stock dividend immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of our initial shareholders prior to this offering at 20.0% of our issued and outstanding shares of our common stock upon the consummation of this offering. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Changes in Authorized Shares We are authorized to issue 200,000,000 shares of common stock which will be subject to the same provisions with reference to the payment of calls, lien, transfer, transmission, forfeiture and otherwise as the shares in the issued share capital. We may by resolution: • consolidate and divide all or any of our unissued authorized shares into shares of larger amount than our existing shares; • sub-divide our existing shares of common stock, or any of them into shares of smaller amount than is fixed by our articles of incorporation, subject nevertheless to the provisions of the BCA; • cancel any common stock which, at the date of the passing of the resolution, have not been taken or agreed to be taken by any person; or • create new classes of shares with preferences to be determined by the board of directors at the time of authorization, subject to shareholder approval. Directors Directors may vote on proposals, arrangements or contracts in which they are materially interested, provided that they disclose their interests to the board as soon as they become aware of such interests. Remuneration of directors may be fixed by a resolution of directors or any committee thereof. The directors may exercise all our powers to borrow money and to mortgage or charge our undertakings and property, to issue debentures, debenture stock and other securities whenever money is borrowed or as security for any debt, liability or obligation of the company or of any third party. There are no age limit requirements or shareholding requirements for directors. Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent The transfer agent for our common stock and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer & T rust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all liabilities, including judgments, costs and reasonable counsel fees that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. 114 Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company has agreed that it has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind to, or to any monies in, the trust account, and has irrevocably waived any right, title, interest or claim of any kind to, or to any monies in, the trust account that it may have now or in the future. Accordingly, any indemnification we provide to Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company will only be able to be satisfied, or a claim will only be able to be pursued, against us and our assets outside the trust account and not against the any monies in the trust account or interest earned thereon. Our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation Our amended and restated articles of incorporation contain certain requirements and restrictions relating to this offering that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of the holders of at least 65% of our common stock. Our initial shareholders, who will collectively beneficially own 20.0% of our common stock upon the closing of this offering (assuming they do not purchase any units in this offering), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated articles of incorporation and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide, among other things, that: • if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100% of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and working capital released to us and less up to $50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Marshall Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; • prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination; • although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our executive officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a qualified independent accounting firm that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; • if a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; • if our securities are listed on NASDAQ, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of our assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; • if our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated articles of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our business combination within 12 months from the closing of this offering (or up to 24 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business 115 combination, as described in more detail in this prospectus), we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of common stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and working capital released to us) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares; and • we will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In addition, our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon the consummation of our business combination . Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that our board of directors will be classified into two classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings. Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. Special meeting of shareholders Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our shareholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our CEO or by our chairman. Advance notice requirements for shareholder proposals and director nominations Our bylaws provide that shareholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of shareholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of shareholders must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a shareholder’s notice will need to be received by the secretary to our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90 th day nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120 th day prior to the scheduled date of the annual meeting of shareholders. If our annual meeting is called for a date that is not within 45 days before or after such anniversary date, a shareholder’s notice will need to be received no earlier than the opening of business on the 120 th day before the meeting and not later than the later of (x) the close of business on the 90 th day before the meeting or (y) the close of business on the 10 th day following the day on which we first publicly announce the date of the annual meeting. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a shareholder’s notice for an annual meeting. Specifically, a shareholder’s notice must include: (i) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting, the text of the proposal or business and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting, (ii) the name and record address of such shareholder and the name and address of the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made, (iii) the class or series and number of shares of our capital stock owned beneficially and of record by such shareholder and by the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made, (iv) a description of all arrangements or understandings between such shareholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business by such shareholder, (v) any material interest of such shareholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made in such business and (vi) a representation that such shareholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to bring such business before such meeting. These notice requirements will be deemed satisfied by a shareholder as to any proposal (other than nominations) if the shareholder has notified us of such shareholder’s intention to present such proposal at an annual meeting in compliance with Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, and such shareholder has complied with the requirements of such rule for inclusion of such proposal in the proxy statement we prepare to solicit proxies for such annual meeting. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement must comply with the notice periods contained therein. The foregoing provisions may limit our shareholders’ ability to bring matters before our annual meeting of shareholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of shareholders. 116 Marshall Islands Company Considerations Our corporate affairs are governed by our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and by-laws and by the Business Corporations Act of the Republic of the Marshall Islands, or BCA. The provisions of the BCA resemble provisions of the corporation laws of a number of states in the United States. For example, the BCA allows the adoption of various anti-takeover measures such as shareholder “rights” plans. While the BCA also provides that it is to be applied and construed with respect to subject matter and that so far as it does not conflict with the BCA the non-statutory is the declared to be the law of the State of Delaware and other states with substantially similar legislative provisions, there have been few, if any, court cases interpreting the BCA in the Marshall Islands, and we cannot predict whether Marshall Islands courts would reach the same conclusions as U.S. courts. Thus, you may have more difficulty in protecting your interests in the face of actions by the management, directors or controlling shareholders than would shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a United States jurisdiction which has developed a substantial body of case law. The following table provides a comparison between the statutory provisions of the BCA and the Delaware General Corporation Law relating to shareholders’ rights. Marshall Islands Delaware Shareholder Meetings Held at a time and place as designated in the bylaws. May be held at such time or place as designated in the certificate of incorporation or the bylaws, or if not so designated, as determined by the board of directors. Special meetings of the shareholders may be called by the board of directors or by such person or persons as may be authorized by the articles of incorporation or by the bylaws. Special meetings of the shareholders may be called by the board of directors or by such person or persons as may be authorized by the certificate of incorporation or by the bylaws. May be held within or without the Marshall Islands. May be held within or without Delaware. Notice: Notice: Whenever shareholders are required to take any action at a meeting, written notice of the meeting shall be given which shall state the place, date and hour of the meeting and, unless it is an annual meeting, indicate that it is being issued by or at the direction of the person calling the meeting. Whenever shareholders are required to take any action at a meeting, a written notice of the meeting shall be given which shall state the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting, and the means of remote communication, if any. A copy of the notice of any meeting shall be given personally or sent by mail not less than 15 nor more than 60 days before the meeting. Written notice shall be given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the meeting. Shareholders’ Voting Rights Any action required to be taken by a meeting of shareholders may be taken without meeting if consent is in writing and is signed by all the shareholders entitled to vote. Any action required to be taken at a meeting of shareholders may be taken without a meeting if a consent for such action is in writing and is signed by shareholders having not fewer than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. Any person authorized to vote may authorize another person or persons to act for him by proxy. Any person authorized to vote may authorize another person or persons to act for him by proxy. 117 Marshall Islands Delaware Unless otherwise provided in the articles of incorporation, a majority of shares entitled to vote constitutes a quorum. In no event shall a quorum consist of fewer than one-third of the shares entitled to vote at a meeting. For stock corporations, the certificate of incorporation or bylaws may specify the number of shares required to constitute a quorum but in no event shall a quorum consist of less than one-third of shares entitled to vote at a meeting. In the absence of such specifications, a majority of shares entitled to vote shall constitute a quorum. When a quorum is once present to organize a meeting, it is not broken by the subsequent withdrawal of any shareholders. When a quorum is once present to organize a meeting, it is not broken by the subsequent withdrawal of any shareholders. The articles of incorporation may provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors. The certificate of incorporation may provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors. Merger or Consolidation Any two or more domestic corporations may merge into a single corporation if approved by the board and if authorized by a majority vote of the holders of outstanding shares at a shareholder meeting. Any two or more corporations existing under the laws of the state may merge into a single corporation pursuant to a board resolution and upon the majority vote by shareholders of each constituent corporation at an annual or special meeting. Any sale, lease, exchange or other disposition of all or substantially all the assets of a corporation, if not made in the corporation’s usual or regular course of business, once approved by the board, shall be authorized by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the shares of those entitled to vote at a shareholder meeting. Every corporation may at any meeting of the board sell, lease or exchange all or substantially all of its property and assets as its board deems expedient and for the best interests of the corporation when so authorized by a resolution adopted by the holders of a majority of the outstanding stock of the corporation entitled to vote. Any domestic corporation owning at least 90% of the outstanding shares of each class of another domestic corporation may merge such other corporation into itself without the authorization of the shareholders of any corporation. Any corporation owning at least 90% of the outstanding shares of each class of another corporation may merge the other corporation into itself and assume all of its obligations without the vote or consent of shareholders; however, in case the parent corporation is not the surviving corporation, the proposed merger shall be approved by a majority of the outstanding stock of the parent corporation entitled to vote at a duly called shareholder meeting. Any mortgage, pledge of or creation of a security interest in all or any part of the corporate property may be authorized without the vote or consent of the shareholders, unless otherwise provided for in the articles of incorporation. Any mortgage or pledge of a corporation’s property and assets may be authorized without the vote or consent of shareholders, except to the extent that the certificate of incorporation otherwise provides. Directors The board of directors must consist of at least one member. The board of directors must consist of at least one member. The number of board members may be changed by an amendment to the bylaws, by the shareholders, or by action of the board under the specific provisions of a bylaw. The number of board members shall be fixed by, or in a manner provided by, the bylaws, unless the certificate of incorporation fixes the number of directors, in which case a change in the number shall be made only by an amendment to the certificate of incorporation. 118 Marshall Islands Delaware If the board is authorized to change the number of directors, it can only do so by a majority of the entire board and so long as no decrease in the number shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. If the number of directors is fixed by the certificate of incorporation, a change in the number shall be made only by an amendment of the certificate. Removal: Removal: Any or all of the directors may be removed for cause by vote of the shareholders. Any or all of the directors may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote unless the certificate of incorporation otherwise provides. If the articles of incorporation or the bylaws so provide, any or all of the directors may be removed without cause by vote of the shareholders. In the case of a classified board, shareholders may effect removal of any or all directors only for cause. Dissenters’ Rights of Appraisal Shareholders have a right to dissent from any plan of merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all assets not made in the usual course of business, and receive payment of the fair value of their shares. However, the right of a dissenting shareholder under the BCA to receive payment of the appraised fair value of his shares is not available for the shares of any class or series of stock, which shares or depository receipts in respect thereof, at the Record Date fixed to determine the shareholders entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the meeting of the shareholders to act upon the agreement of merger or consolidation, were either (i) listed on a securities exchange or admitted for trading on an interdealer quotation system or (ii) held of record by more than 2,000 holders. The right of a dissenting shareholder to receive payment of the fair value of his or her shares shall not be available for any shares of stock of the constituent corporation surviving a merger if the merger did not require for its approval the vote of the shareholders of the surviving corporation. Appraisal rights shall be available for the shares of any class or series of stock of a corporation in a merger or consolidation, subject to limited exceptions, such as a merger or consolidation of corporations listed on a national securities exchange in which listed stock is offered for consideration is (i) listed on a national securities exchange or (ii) held of record by more than 2,000 holders.. A holder of any adversely affected shares who does not vote on or consent in writing to an amendment to the articles of incorporation has the right to dissent and to receive payment for such shares if the amendment: Alters or abolishes any preferential right of any outstanding shares having preference; or Creates, alters, or abolishes any provision or right in respect to the redemption of any outstanding shares; or Alters or abolishes any preemptive right of such holder to acquire shares or other securities; or Excludes or limits the right of such holder to vote on any matter, except as such right may be limited by the voting rights given to new shares then being authorized of any existing or new class. 119 Marshall Islands Delaware Shareholder’s Derivative Actions An action may be brought in the right of a corporation to procure a judgment in its favor, by a holder of shares or of voting trust certificates or of a beneficial interest in such shares or certificates. It shall be made to appear that the plaintiff is such a holder at the time of bringing the action and that he was such a holder at the time of the transaction of which he complains, or that his shares or his interest therein devolved upon him by operation of law. In any derivative suit instituted by a shareholder of a corporation, it shall be averred in the complaint that the plaintiff was a shareholder of the corporation at the time of the transaction of which he complains or that such shareholder’s stock thereafter devolved upon such shareholder by operation of law. A complaint shall set forth with particularity the efforts of the plaintiff to secure the initiation of such action by the board or the reasons for not making such effort. Other requirements regarding derivative suits have been created by judicial decision, including that a shareholder may not bring a derivative suit unless he or she first demands that the corporation sue on its own behalf and that demand is refused (unless it is shown that such demand would have been futile). Such action shall not be discontinued, compromised or settled, without the approval of the High Court of the Republic of The Marshall Islands. Reasonable expenses including attorney’s fees may be awarded if the action is successful. A corporation may require a plaintiff bringing a derivative suit to give security for reasonable expenses if the plaintiff owns less than 5% of any class of stock and the shares have a value of less than $50,000. Fiduciary Duties Directors and officers must discharge their respective duties “in good faith and with that degree of diligence, care and skill which an ordinarily prudent person would exercise under similar circumstances in like positions. Directors and officers must act in good faith, with the care of a prudent person, and in the best interest of the corporation. Although there are no specific statutes or cases relating to self-dealing, corporate opportunities and improper personal benefits under Marshall Island law, based on the BCA, in the absence of conflict with the BCA and case law of the Marshall Islands, the laws (including non-statutory law) of Delaware and other U.S. states with substantially similar statutory provisions would likely be used in determining the obligations of the directors of a Marshall Islands corporation. Therefore, the director of a Marshall Islands corporation could be subject to the same prohibitions relating to self-dealing, usurping corporate opportunities and improper personal benefit as a Delaware corporation. Directors and officers must refrain from self-dealing, usurping corporate opportunities and receiving improper personal benefits. Decisions made by directors and officers on an informed basis, in good faith and in the honest belief that the action was taken in the best interest of the corporation will be protected by the “business judgment rule.” 120 Securities Eligible for Future Sale Immediately after this offering (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option) we will have 10,000,000 (or 11,500,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) shares of common stock outstanding. Of these shares, the 8,000,000 shares (or 9,200,000 shares if the over-allotment option is exercised in full) sold in this offering will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining 2,000,000 (or 2,300,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) shares and all 7,300,000 private placement warrants (or 7,540,000 private placement warrants if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering. Rule 144 Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale. Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: • 1% of the total number of shares of common stock then outstanding, which will equal 100,000 shares immediately after this offering (or 115,000 if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full); or • the average weekly reported trading volume of the common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met: • the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; • the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; • the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and • at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. As a result, our initial shareholders will be able to sell their founder shares and private placement warrants, as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. 121 Registration Rights The holders of the founder shares and private placement warrants (and any shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrant) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of this offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Listing of Securities We have applied to list our units, common stock and warrants on NASDAQ under the symbols “STLRU,” “STLR” and “STLRW,” respectively. We expect that our units will be listed on NASDAQ on or promptly after the effective date of the registration statement. Following the date the shares of our common stock and warrants are eligible to trade separately, we anticipate that the shares of our common stock and warrants will be listed separately and as a unit on NASDAQ. We cannot guarantee that our securities will be approved for listing on NASDAQ. 122 Taxation The following summary of the material Republic of Marshall Islands and U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in our units, common stock and warrants to acquire our common stock, sometimes referred to individually or collectively in the summary as our “securities,” is based upon laws and relevant interpretations thereof in effect as of the date of this prospectus, all of which are subject to change. This summary does not deal with all possible tax consequences relating to an investment in our securities, such as the tax consequences under state, local and other tax laws. United States Federal Income Taxation General The following are the material U.S. federal income tax consequences to an investor of the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our securities issued pursuant to this offering. The discussion below of the U.S. federal income tax consequences with respect to actual holders of common stock and warrants should also apply to holders of units (as the deemed owners of the underlying common stock and warrants that comprise the units). The discussion below of the U.S. federal income tax consequences to “U.S. Holders” will apply to a beneficial owner of our securities that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: • an individual citizen or resident of the United States; • a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation) that is created or organized (or treated as created or organized) in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; • an estate whose income is includible in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes regardless of its source; or • a trust if (i) a U.S. court can exercise primary supervision over the trust’s administration and one or more U.S. persons are authorized to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or (ii) it has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations to be treated as a U.S. person. If a beneficial owner of our securities is not described as a U.S. Holder and is not an entity treated as a partnership or other pass-through entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such owner will be considered a “Non-U.S. Holder.” The material U.S. federal income tax consequences applicable specifically to Non-U.S. Holders are described below under the heading “Non-U.S. Holders.” This discussion is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), its legislative history, Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, published rulings and court decisions, all as currently in effect. These authorities are subject to change or differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis. This discussion assumes that the common stock and warrants will trade separately and does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to any particular holder based on such holder’s individual circumstances. In particular, this discussion considers only holders that purchase units pursuant to this offering and own and hold our securities as capital assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code, and does not address the potential application of the alternative minimum tax. In addition, this discussion does not address the U.S. federal income tax consequences to holders that are subject to special rules, including: • financial institutions or financial services entities; • broker-dealers; • taxpayers that are subject to the mark-to-market accounting rules under Section 475 of the Code; • tax-exempt entities; • governments or agencies or instrumentalities thereof; • insurance companies; • regulated investment companies; 123 • real estate investment trusts; • expatriates or former long-term residents of the United States; • persons that actually or constructively own 5 percent or more of our voting shares; • persons that acquired our securities pursuant to an exercise of employee share options, in connection with employee share incentive plans or otherwise as compensation; • persons that hold our securities as part of a straddle, constructive sale, hedging, conversion or other integrated transaction; • persons whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar; • controlled foreign corporations; or • passive foreign investment companies. This discussion does not address any aspect of U.S. federal non-income tax laws, such as gift or estate tax laws, state, local or non-U.S. tax laws or, except as discussed herein, any tax reporting obligations of a holder of our securities. Additionally, this discussion does not consider the tax treatment of partnerships or other pass-through entities or persons who hold our securities through such entities. If a partnership (or other entity classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) is the beneficial owner of our securities, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner in the partnership generally will depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. This discussion also assumes that any distributions made (or deemed made) by us on our common stock and any consideration received (or deemed received) by a holder in consideration for the sale or other disposition of our securities will be in U.S. dollars. In addition, this discussion assumes that a holder will own a sufficient number of warrants such that upon exercise of the warrants, the holder will acquire only a whole number of shares of common stock. We have not sought, and will not seek, a ruling from the IRS as to any U.S. federal income tax consequence described herein. The IRS may disagree with the descriptions herein, and its determination may be upheld by a court. Moreover, there can be no assurance that future legislation, regulations, administrative rulings or court decisions will not adversely affect the accuracy of the statements in this discussion. THIS DISCUSSION IS ONLY A SUMMARY OF THE MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE ACQUISITION, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR SECURITIES. EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IN OUR SECURITIES IS URGED TO CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES TO SUCH INVESTOR OF THE ACQUISITION, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR SECURITIES, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF ANY STATE, LOCAL, AND NON-U.S. TAX LAWS, AS WELL AS U.S. FEDERAL TAX LAWS AND ANY APPLICABLE TAX TREATIES. Allocation of Purchase Price and Characterization of a Unit There is no authority addressing the treatment, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, of securities with terms substantially the same as the units. Each unit may be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as an investment unit consisting of one share of common stock and one warrant to acquire one share of common stock. If this is the case, then for U.S. federal income tax purposes, each holder of a unit must allocate the purchase price of a unit between the common stock and warrant that comprise the unit based on the relative fair market value of each at the time of issuance. The price allocated to each share of common stock or warrant will be the holder’s tax basis in such share or warrant, as the case may be. The foregoing treatment of our common stock and warrants and a holder’s purchase price allocation are not binding on the IRS or the courts. Because there are no authorities that directly address instruments that are similar to the units, no assurance can be given that the IRS or the courts will agree with the characterization described above or the discussion below. Accordingly, each holder is advised to consult its own tax advisor regarding the risks associated with an investment in a unit (including alternative characterizations of a unit) and regarding an allocation of the purchase price between the common stock and warrant that comprise a unit. The balance of this discussion assumes that the characterization of the units described above is respected for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 124 U.S. Holders Tax Reporting Certain U.S. Holders may be required to file an IRS Form 926 (Return of a U.S. Transferor of Property to a Foreign Corporation) to report a transfer of property (including cash) to us. Substantial penalties may be imposed on a U.S. Holder that fails to comply with this reporting requirement. Each U.S. Holder is urged to consult with its own tax advisor regarding this reporting obligation. Taxation of Distributions Paid on Common Stock Subject to the passive foreign investment company (“PFIC”) rules discussed below, a U.S. Holder generally will be required to include in gross income as ordinary income the amount of any cash dividend paid on our common stock. A cash distribution on such shares will be treated as a dividend for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent the distribution is paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles). Such dividends paid by us will be taxable to a corporate U.S. holder at regular rates and will not be eligible for the dividends-received deduction generally allowed to domestic corporations in respect of dividends received from other domestic corporations. Distributions in excess of such earnings and profits will be applied against and reduce the U.S. Holder’s basis in its common stock (but not below zero) and, to the extent in excess of such basis, will be treated as gain from the sale or exchange of such common stock. With respect to non-corporate U.S. Holders, dividends will be taxed at the lower applicable long-term capital gains rate (see “— Taxation on the Disposition of Common Stock and Warrants” below) only if our common stock is readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States and certain other requirements are met. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the availability of the lower rate for any dividends paid with respect to our common stock. Possible Constructive Distributions The terms of each warrant provide for an adjustment to the number of shares for which the warrant may be exercised or to the exercise price of the warrant in certain events. An adjustment which has the effect of preventing dilution generally is not taxable. However, the U.S. Holders of the warrants would be treated as receiving a constructive distribution from us if, for example, the adjustment increases the warrant holders’ proportionate interest in our assets or earnings and profits (e.g., through an increase in the number of shares of common stock that would be obtained upon exercise) as a result of a distribution of cash to the holders of our common stock which is taxable to the U.S. Holders of such common stock as described under “— Taxation of Distributions Paid on Common Stock” above. Such constructive distribution would be subject to tax as described under that section in the same manner as if the U.S. Holders of the warrants received a cash distribution from us equal to the fair market value of such increased interest. Taxation on the Disposition of Our Securities Subject to the PFIC rules and the rules regarding the redemption of common stock, each of which is discussed below, upon a sale or other taxable disposition of our securities, including as a result of a dissolution and liquidation in the event we do not consummate an initial business combination within the required time period, a U.S. Holder will recognize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized and the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the securities. See “— Acquisition of Common Stock Pursuant to a Warrant” below for a discussion regarding a U.S. Holder’s basis in a share of common stock acquired pursuant to a warrant. The regular U.S. federal income tax rate on capital gains recognized by U.S. Holders generally is the same as the regular U.S. federal income tax rate on ordinary income, except that under tax law currently in effect long-term capital gains recognized by non-corporate U.S. Holders are generally subject to U.S. federal income tax at reduced rates. Capital gain or loss will constitute long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder’s holding period for the common stock or warrants exceeds one year. It is possible the redemption rights with respect to the common stock described in this prospectus may prevent a U.S. Holder from satisfying the applicable holding period requirements for this purpose. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to various limitations. U.S. Holders who recognize losses with respect to a disposition of our securities should consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax treatment of such losses. 125 Redemption of Common Stock Subject to the PFIC rules discussed below, if a U.S. Holder redeems common stock for the right to receive cash pursuant to the exercise of a shareholder redemption right, such redemption will be subject to the following rules. If the redemption qualifies as a sale of the common stock under Section 302 of the Code, the tax treatment of such redemption will be as described under “— Taxation on the Disposition of Our Securities” above. If the redemption does not qualify as a sale of common stock under Section 302 of the Code, a U.S. Holder will be treated as receiving a distribution with the tax consequences described below. Whether a redemption of our shares qualifies for sale treatment will depend largely on the total number of shares of our common stock treated as held by such U.S. Holder (including any shares constructively owned as a result of, among other things, owning warrants). The redemption of common stock generally will be treated as a sale or exchange of the common stock (rather than as a distribution) if the receipt of cash upon the redemption (i) is “substantially disproportionate” with respect to a U.S. Holder, (ii) results in a “complete termination” of such holder’s interest in us or (iii) is “not essentially equivalent to a dividend” with respect to such holder. These tests are explained more fully below. In determining whether any of the foregoing tests are satisfied, a U.S. Holder must take into account not only shares of our common stock actually owned by such holder, but also shares of our common stock that are constructively owned by such holder. A U.S. Holder may constructively own, in addition to our common stock owned directly, common stock owned by related individuals and entities in which such holder has an interest or that have an interest in such holder, as well as any common stock such holder has a right to acquire by exercise of an option, which would generally include common stock which could be acquired pursuant to the exercise of the warrant. In order to meet the substantially disproportionate test, the percentage of our outstanding voting shares actually and constructively owned by a U.S. Holder immediately following the redemption of our common stock must, among other requirements, be less than 80% of the percentage of our outstanding voting stock actually and constructively owned by such holder immediately before the redemption. There will be a complete termination of a U.S. Holder’s interest if either (i) all common stock actually and constructively owned by such U.S. Holder is redeemed or (ii) all common stock actually owned by such U.S. Holder is redeemed and such holder is eligible to waive, and effectively waives, in accordance with specific rules, the attribution of common stock owned by family members and such holder does not constructively own any other common stock. The redemption of the common stock will not be essentially equivalent to a dividend if such redemption results in a “meaningful reduction” of a U.S. Holder’s proportionate interest in us. Whether the redemption will result in a meaningful reduction in a U.S. Holder’s proportionate interest in us will depend on the particular facts and circumstances. However, the IRS has indicated in a published ruling that even a small reduction in the proportionate interest of a small minority shareholder in a publicly held corporation who exercises no control over corporate affairs may constitute such a “meaningful reduction.” U.S. Holders should consult with their own tax advisors as to the tax consequences of an exercise of the redemption right. If none of the foregoing tests are satisfied, then the redemption may be treated as a distribution and the tax effects will be as described under “— Taxation of Distributions Paid on Common Stock,” above. After the application of those rules, any remaining tax basis a U.S. Holder has in the redeemed common stock will be added to the adjusted tax basis in such holder’s remaining common stock. If the U.S. Holder has no remaining common stock, such U.S. Holder should consult its own tax advisors as to the allocation of any remaining basis. Certain U.S. Holders may be subject to special reporting requirements with respect to a redemption of common stock, and such holders should consult with their own tax advisors with respect to their reporting requirements. Acquisition of Common Stock Pursuant to a Warrant Subject to the PFIC rules discussed below, a U.S. Holder will not recognize gain or loss upon the acquisition of a share of common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant for cash. A share of common stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of a warrant for cash will have a tax basis equal to the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the warrant, increased by the amount paid to exercise the warrant. The holding period of such share of common stock would begin on the day after the date of exercise of the warrant and will not include the period during which the U.S. Holder held the warrant. If a warrant is allowed to lapse unexercised, a U.S. Holder generally will recognize a capital loss equal to such holder’s tax basis in the warrant. The tax consequences of a cashless exercise of a warrant are not clear under current tax law. A cashless exercise may be tax-free, either because the exercise is not a gain realization event or because the exercise is treated as a recapitalization for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In either tax-free situation, a U.S. Holder’s basis in 126 the common stock received would equal the holder’s basis in the warrant. If the cashless exercise were treated as not being a gain realization event, a U.S. Holder’s holding period in the common stock would be treated as commencing on the date following the date of exercise of the warrant. If the cashless exercise were treated as a recapitalization, the holding period of the common stock would include the holding period of the warrant. It is also possible that a cashless exercise could be treated as a taxable exchange in which gain or loss would be recognized. In such event, a U.S. Holder could be deemed to have surrendered warrants equal to the number of shares of common stock having a value equal to the aggregate exercise price for the number of warrants to be exercised. The U.S. Holder would recognize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the fair market value of the warrants deemed surrendered and the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the warrants deemed surrendered. In this case, a U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the common stock received would equal the sum of the fair market value of the warrants deemed surrendered and the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the warrants exercised. A U.S. Holder’s holding period for the common stock would commence on the date following the date of exercise of the warrant. Due to the absence of authority on the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a cashless exercise, there can be no assurance which, if any, of the alternative tax consequences and holding periods described above would be adopted by the IRS or a court of law. Accordingly, U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of a cashless exercise. Additional Medicare Taxes U.S. Holders that are individuals, estates or trusts and whose income exceeds certain thresholds generally will be subject to a 3.8% Medicare contribution tax on unearned income, including, among other things, dividends on, and capital gains from the sale or other taxable disposition of, our securities, subject to certain limitations and exceptions. Under applicable regulations, in the absence of a special election, such unearned income generally would not include income inclusions under the qualified election fund (“QEF”), rules discussed below under “— Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules,” but would include distributions of earnings and profits from a QEF. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the effect, if any, of such tax on their ownership and disposition of our securities. Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules A foreign (i.e., non-U.S.) corporation will be a PFIC for U.S. tax purposes if at least 75% of its gross income in a taxable year of such foreign corporation, including its pro rata share of the gross income of any corporation in which it is considered to own at least 25% of the shares by value, is passive income. Alternatively, a foreign corporation will be a PFIC if at least 50% of its assets in a taxable year of the foreign corporation, ordinarily determined based on fair market value and averaged quarterly over the year, including its pro rata share of the assets of any corporation in which it is considered to own at least 25% of the shares by value, are held for the production of, or produce, passive income. Passive income generally includes dividends, interest, rents and royalties (other than rents or royalties derived from the active conduct of a trade or business) and gains from the disposition of passive assets. Because we are a blank check company, with no current active business, we believe that it is likely that we will meet the PFIC asset or income test for our current taxable year ending November 30, 2016. However, pursuant to a start-up exception, a corporation will not be a PFIC for the first taxable year the corporation has gross income (the “start-up year”), if (1) no predecessor of the corporation was a PFIC; (2) the corporation satisfies the IRS that it will not be a PFIC for either of the first two taxable years following the start-up year; and (3) the corporation is not in fact a PFIC for either of those years. The applicability of the start-up exception to us will not be known until after the close of our current taxable year ending November 30, 2016. After the acquisition of a company or assets in a business combination, we may still meet one of the PFIC tests depending on the timing of the acquisition and the amount of our passive income and assets as well as the passive income and assets of the acquired business. If the company that we acquire in a business combination is a PFIC, then we will likely not qualify for the start-up exception and will be a PFIC for our current taxable year ending November 30, 2016. Our actual PFIC status for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Accordingly, there can be no assurance with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year ending November 30, 2016 or any future taxable year. 127 If we are determined to be a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our securities and, in the case of our common stock, the U.S. Holder did not make any of (1) a timely QEF election for our first taxable year as a PFIC in which the U.S. Holder held (or was deemed to hold) such common stock (2) a QEF election along with a deemed sale (which deemed sale results from the making of a “purging” election) or (3) a timely “mark to market” election, in each case as described below, such holder generally will be subject to special rules with respect to: • any gain recognized by the U.S. Holder on the sale or other disposition of our securities; and • any “excess distribution” made to the U.S. Holder (generally, any distributions to such U.S. Holder during a taxable year of the U.S. Holder that are greater than 125% of the average annual distributions received by such U.S. Holder in respect of our securities during the three preceding taxable years of such U.S. Holder or, if shorter, such U.S. Holder’s holding period for such securities). Under these rules, • the U.S. Holder’s gain or excess distribution will be allocated ratably over the U.S. Holder’s holding period for our securities; • the amount allocated to the U.S. Holder’s taxable year in which the U.S. Holder recognized the gain or received the excess distribution, or to the period in the U.S. Holder’s holding period before the first day of our first taxable year in which we are a PFIC, will be taxed as ordinary income; • the amount allocated to other taxable years (or portions thereof) of the U.S. Holder and included in its holding period will be taxed at the highest tax rate in effect for that year and applicable to the U.S. Holder; and • the interest charge generally applicable to underpayments of tax will be imposed in respect of the tax attributable to each such other taxable year of the U.S. Holder. In general, a U.S. Holder may avoid the PFIC tax consequences described above in respect to our common stock (but not our warrants) by making a timely QEF election (or a QEF election along with a purging election). Pursuant to the QEF election, a U.S. Holder generally will be required to include in income its pro rata share of our net capital gains (as long-term capital gain) and other earnings and profits (as ordinary income), on a current basis, in each case whether or not distributed, in the taxable year of the U.S. Holder in which or with which our taxable year ends if we are treated as a PFIC for that taxable year. A U.S. Holder may make a separate election to defer the payment of taxes on undistributed income inclusions under the QEF rules, but if deferred, any such taxes will be subject to an interest charge. A U.S. Holder may not make a QEF election with respect to its warrants to acquire our common stock. As a result, if a U.S. Holder sells or otherwise disposes of such warrants (other than upon exercise of such warrants), any gain recognized will be subject to the special tax and interest charge rules treating the gain as an excess distribution, as described above, if we were a PFIC at any time during the period the U.S. Holder held the warrants. If a U.S. Holder that exercises such warrants properly makes a QEF election with respect to the newly acquired common stock (or has previously made a QEF election with respect to our common stock), the QEF election will apply to the newly acquired common stock, but the adverse tax consequences relating to PFIC shares, adjusted to take into account the current income inclusions resulting from the QEF election, will continue to apply with respect to such newly acquired common stock (which generally will be deemed to have a holding period for purposes of the PFIC rules that includes the period the U.S. Holder held the warrants), unless the U.S. Holder makes a purging election. The purging election creates a deemed sale of such shares at their fair market value. The gain recognized by the purging election will be subject to the special tax and interest charge rules treating the gain as an excess distribution, as described above. As a result of the purging election, the U.S. Holder will have a new basis and holding period in the common stock acquired upon the exercise of the warrants for purposes of the PFIC rules. 128 The QEF election is made on a shareholder-by-shareholder basis and, once made, can be revoked only with the consent of the IRS. A QEF election may not be made with respect to our warrants. A U.S. Holder makes a QEF election by attaching a completed IRS Form 8621 (Return by a Shareholder of a Passive Foreign investment Company or Qualified Electing Fund), including the information provided in a PFIC annual information statement, to a timely filed U.S. federal income tax return for the tax year to which the election relates. Retroactive QEF elections generally may be made only by filing a protective statement with such return and if certain other conditions are met or with the consent of the IRS. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the availability and tax consequences of a retroactive QEF election under their particular circumstances. In order to comply with the requirements of a QEF election, a U.S. Holder must receive a PFIC annual information statement from us. If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the IRS may require, including a PFIC annual information statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a QEF election. However, there is no assurance that we will have timely knowledge of our status as a PFIC in the future or of the required information to be provided. If a U.S. Holder has made a QEF election with respect to our common stock, and the special tax and interest charge rules do not apply to such shares (because of a timely QEF election for our first taxable year as a PFIC in which the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) such shares or a purge of the PFIC taint pursuant to a purging election, as described above), any gain recognized on the sale of our common stock will be taxable as capital gain and no interest charge will be imposed. As discussed above, for regular U.S. federal income tax purposes, U.S. Holders of a QEF generally are currently taxed on their pro rata shares of its earnings and profits, whether or not distributed. In such case, a subsequent distribution of such earnings and profits that were previously included in income will not be taxable as a dividend to such U.S. Holders. The tax basis of a U.S. Holder’s shares in a QEF will be increased by amounts that are included in income, and decreased by amounts distributed but not taxed as dividends, under the above rules. Similar basis adjustments apply to property if by reason of holding such property the U.S. Holder is treated under the applicable attribution rules as owning shares in a QEF. Although a determination as to our PFIC status will be made annually, an initial determination that we are a PFIC will generally apply for subsequent years to a U.S. Holder who held our securities while we were a PFIC, whether or not we meet the test for PFIC status in those subsequent years. A U.S. Holder who makes the QEF election discussed above for our first taxable year as a PFIC in which the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) our common stock, however, will not be subject to the PFIC tax and interest charge rules discussed above in respect to such shares. In addition, such U.S. Holder will not be subject to the QEF inclusion regime with respect to such shares for any of our taxable years that end within or with a taxable year of the U.S. Holder and in which we are not a PFIC. On the other hand, if the QEF election is not effective for each of our taxable years in which we are a PFIC and the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) our common stock, the PFIC rules discussed above will continue to apply to such shares unless the holder makes a purging election, as described above, and pays the tax and interest charge with respect to the gain inherent in such shares attributable to the pre-QEF election period. Alternatively, if a U.S. Holder, at the close of its taxable year, owns shares in a PFIC that are treated as marketable stock, the U.S. Holder may make a mark-to-market election with respect to such shares for such taxable year. If the U.S. Holder makes a valid mark-to-market election for the first taxable year of the U.S. Holder in which the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) common stock and for which we are determined to be a PFIC, such holder will not be subject to the PFIC rules described above in respect to its common stock, as long as such shares continue to be treated as marketable stock. Instead, in general, the U.S. Holder will include as ordinary income for each year that we are treated as a PFIC the excess, if any, of the fair market value of its common stock at the end of its taxable year over the adjusted basis in its common stock. The U.S. Holder also will be allowed to take an ordinary loss in respect of the excess, if any, of the adjusted basis of its common stock over the fair market value of its common stock at the end of its taxable year (but only to the extent of the net amount of previously included income as a result of the mark-to-market election). The U.S. Holder’s basis in its common stock will be adjusted to reflect any such income or loss amounts, and any further gain recognized on a sale or other taxable disposition of the common stock in a taxable year in which we are treated as a PFIC will be treated as ordinary income. Special tax rules may also apply if a U.S. Holder makes a mark-to-market election for a taxable year after the first taxable year in which the U.S. Holder holds (or is deemed to hold) its common stock and we are treated as a PFIC at any time from such first taxable year through the taxable year in which the mark-to-market election is made. Currently, a mark-to-market election may not be made with respect to our warrants. 129 The mark-to-market election is available only for stock that is regularly traded on a national securities exchange that is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Nasdaq Capital Market, or on a foreign exchange or market that the IRS determines has rules sufficient to ensure that the market price represents a legitimate and sound fair market value. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the availability and tax consequences of a mark-to-market election in respect to our common stock under their particular circumstances. If we are a PFIC and, at any time, have a foreign subsidiary that is classified as a PFIC, U.S. Holders generally would be deemed to own a portion of the shares of such lower-tier PFIC and could incur liability for the deferred tax and interest charge described above if we receive a distribution from, or dispose of all or part of our interest in, the lower-tier PFIC or the U.S. Holders otherwise were deemed to have disposed of an interest in the lower-tier PFIC. We will endeavor to cause any lower-tier PFIC to provide to a U.S. Holder the information that may be required to make or maintain a QEF election with respect to the lower-tier PFIC. However, there is no assurance that we will have timely knowledge of the status of any such lower-tier PFIC. In addition, we may not hold a controlling interest in any such lower-tier PFIC and thus there can be no assurance we will be able to cause the lower-tier PFIC to provide the required information. A mark-to-market election would not be available with respect to such lower-tier PFIC. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax issues raised by lower-tier PFICs. A U.S. Holder that owns (or is deemed to own) shares in a PFIC during any taxable year of the U.S. Holder may have to file an IRS Form 8621 (whether or not a QEF or mark-to-market election is or has been made) with such U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income tax return and provide such other information as may be required by the U.S. Treasury Department. The rules dealing with PFICs and with the QEF and mark-to-market elections are very complex and are affected by various factors in addition to those described above. Accordingly, U.S. Holders of our securities should consult their own tax advisors concerning the application of the PFIC rules to our securities under their particular circumstances. Non-U.S. Holders Dividends (including constructive dividends) paid or deemed paid to a Non-U.S. Holder in respect of our securities generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax, unless the dividends are effectively connected with the Non-U.S. Holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, are attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed base that such holder maintains (or maintained) in the United States). In addition, a Non-U.S. Holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on any gain attributable to a sale or other disposition of our common stock or warrants unless such gain is effectively connected with its conduct of a trade or business in the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, is attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed base that such holder maintains in the United States) or the Non-U.S. Holder is an individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of sale or other disposition and certain other conditions are met (in which case, such gain from United States sources generally is subject to tax at a 30% rate or a lower applicable tax treaty rate). Dividends and gains that are effectively connected with the Non-U.S. Holder’s conduct of a trade or business in the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, are attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed base in the United States) generally will be subject to regular U.S. federal income tax at the same regular U.S. federal income tax rates applicable to a comparable U.S. Holder and, in the case of a Non-U.S. Holder that is a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, also may be subject to an additional branch profits tax at a 30% rate or a lower applicable tax treaty rate. The U.S. federal income tax treatment of a Non-U.S. Holder’s receipt of a share of common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant held by a Non-U.S. Holder generally will correspond to the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the exercise of a warrant by a U.S. Holder, as described under “U.S. Holders — Acquisition of Common Stock Pursuant to a Warrant,” above, although to the extent a cashless exercise results in a taxable exchange, the consequences would be similar to those described in the preceding paragraphs above for a Non-U.S. Holder’s gain on the sale or other disposition of our securities. 130 Backup Withholding and Information Reporting In general, information reporting for U.S. federal income tax purposes will apply to distributions made on our common stock within the United States to a U.S. Holder, subject to certain exceptions, and to the proceeds from sales and other dispositions of our securities by a U.S. Holder to or through a U.S. office of a broker. Payments made (and sales and other dispositions effected at an office) outside the United States will be subject to information reporting in limited circumstances. In addition, certain information concerning a U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in its securities and whether any gain or loss with respect to such securities is long-term or short-term may be required to be reported to the IRS, and certain holders may be required to file an IRS Form 8938 (Statement of Specified Foreign Financial Assets) to report their interest in our securities. Moreover, backup withholding of U.S. federal income tax, currently at a rate of 28%, generally will apply to dividends paid on our securities to a U.S. Holder and the proceeds from sales and other dispositions of our securities by a U.S. Holder, in each case who: • fails to provide an accurate taxpayer identification number; • is notified by the IRS that backup withholding is required; or • fails to comply with applicable certification requirements. A Non-U.S. Holder may eliminate the requirement for information reporting and backup withholding by providing certification of its foreign status, under penalties of perjury, on a duly executed applicable IRS Form W-8 or by otherwise establishing an exemption. We will withhold all taxes required to be withheld by law from any amounts otherwise payable to any holder of our securities, including tax withholding required by the backup withholding rules. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the amount of any backup withholding will be allowed as a credit against a U.S. Holder’s or a Non-U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle such holder to a refund, provided that the requisite information is timely furnished to the IRS. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the application of backup withholding and the availability of and procedure for obtaining an exemption from backup withholding in their particular circumstances. Marshall Islands Tax Considerations The following are the material Marshall Islands tax consequences of our activities to us and to holders of our securities of investing in our securities. We are incorporated in the Marshall Islands. Under current Marshall Islands law, we are not subject to tax on income or capital gains, and no Marshall Islands withholding tax or income tax will be imposed upon payments of dividends by us to holders of our securities or proceeds from the disposition of our securities, provided such holders of our securities are not residents of the Marshall Islands. There is no tax treaty between the United States and the Republic of the Marshall Islands. 131 Note on Enforceability of Civil Liabilities We are a Marshall Islands corporation and our executive offices are located outside of the United States in Athens, Greece. The proceeds we receive from this offering will be held in U.S. Dollars and deposited in a trust account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, as trustee, at J.P. Morgan Chase, located in the United States. The trust account will be governed by an Investment Management Trust Agreement between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC. All of our directors and officers, and their assets, are located outside of the United States. As a result, you may have difficulty serving legal process within the United States upon us or any of these persons. You may also have difficulty enforcing, both in and outside the United States, judgments you may obtain in U.S. courts against us or these persons in any action, including actions based upon the civil liability provisions of U.S. Federal or state securities laws. You may also have difficulty bringing an original action in the appropriate court of the Marshall Islands or Greece to enforce liabilities against us or any person based upon the U.S. federal securities laws. Reeder & Simpson, P.C., our counsel as to Marshall Islands law, has advised us that shareholders would be able to enforce a foreign judgment in the RMI even if the foreign judgment is based on U.S. Federal or state securities laws, unless (a) the judgment was rendered under a system which does not provide impartial tribunals or procedures compatible with the requirements of due process of law; (b) the foreign court did not have personal jurisdiction over the defendant; (c) the foreign court did not have jurisdiction over the subject matter; or (d) the foreign country does not recognize or enforce judgments of any other foreign nation. In addition, a foreign judgment would not be recognized if (a) the defendant in the proceedings in the foreign court did not receive notice of the proceedings in sufficient time to enable him to defend; (b) the judgment was obtained by fraud; (c) the cause of action on which the judgment is based is repugnant to the public policy of the RMI; (d) the judgment conflicts with another final and conclusive judgment; (e) the proceeding in the foreign court was contrary to an agreement between the parties under which the dispute in question was to be settled otherwise than by proceedings in the court; or (f) in the case of jurisdiction based only on personal service, the foreign court was a seriously inconvenient forum for the trial of the action. If none of the above grounds exist then the RMI High Court will enforce a foreign judgment without a retrial on the merits. Reeder & Simpson, P.C. has further advised us that RMI does not have treaties with the United States and many other countries providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments of courts. As a result, it may be difficult or impossible for you to bring an original action against us or against these individuals in a RMI court in the event that you believe that your rights have been infringed under the U.S. federal securities laws or otherwise because the RMI courts would not have subject matter jurisdiction to entertain such a suit. However, there would be no impediment for you to originate an action in the RMI based upon Marshall Islands law. Management is not aware of any applicable treaties or reciprocity between Greece and U.S. under which enforcement of a U.S. judgment would fall under. However enforcement of a U.S. civil judgment might be recognized in the Greek courts and declared enforceable as long as the following provisions are complied with: (a) the U.S. judgment is enforceable in the U.S. territory; (b) the U.S. judgment is not contrary to Greek public policy and moral standards; (c) according to the Greek law provisions, the case would fall under U.S. judgment subject matter and territorial jurisdiction; (d) the losing party was not deprived of the right of defense and generally of participation in the hearing, unless such deprivation occurred as a result of a provision which applies for U.S. persons as well; (e) the U.S. judgment is not opposite to a Greek judgment which was issued for the same case and constitutes judicial precedent for the same court parties among which the U.S. judgment was issued. An award for punitive damages could be found as excessive or inconsistent with public policy in Greece. It may be difficult or impossible for you to bring original actions to enforce liabilities against us or our directors and officers before the Greek courts for violation of U.S federal or state securities law or to originate actions against the company or officer and directors in Greece based upon Greek laws. 132 Underwriting We are offering the units described in this prospectus through the underwriters named below. Maxim acting as sole book-running manager of this offering and as representative of the underwriters. We have entered into an underwriting agreement with the representative. Subject to the terms and conditions of the underwriting agreement, each of the underwriters has severally agreed to purchase, and we have agreed to sell to the underwriters, the number of units listed next to its name in the following table. Underwriter Number of Units Maxim Group LLC Total 8,000,000 The underwriting agreement provides that the underwriters must buy all of the units if they buy any of them. However, the underwriters are not required to purchase the units covered by the underwriters’ option to purchase additional units as described below. Our units are offered subject to a number of conditions, including: • receipt and acceptance of our units by the underwriters; and • the underwriters’ right to reject orders in whole or in part. We have been advised by the representative that the underwriters intend to make a market in our units but that they are not obligated to do so and may discontinue making a market at any time without notice. In connection with this offering, certain of the underwriters or securities dealers may distribute prospectuses electronically. Option To Purchase Additional Units We have granted the underwriters an option to buy up to an aggregate of 1,200,000 additional units. The underwriters have 45 days from the date of this prospectus to exercise this option. If the underwriters exercise this option, they will each purchase additional units approximately in proportion to the amounts specified in the table above. Underwriting Discount Units sold by the underwriters to the public will initially be offered at the initial offering price set forth on the cover of this prospectus. Any units sold by the underwriters to securities dealers may be sold at a discount of up to $ per unit from the initial public offering price. Sales of units made outside of the United States may be made by affiliates of the underwriters. If all the units are not sold at the initial public offering price, the representative may change the offering price and the other selling terms. Upon execution of the underwriting agreement, the underwriters will be obligated to purchase the units at the prices and upon the terms stated therein. The following table shows the per unit and total underwriting discount we will pay to the underwriters assuming both no exercise and full exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase up to 1,200,000 additional units. No Exercise Full Exercise Per Unit (1) $ 0.453125 $ 0.42663 Total (1) $ 3,625,000 $ 3,925,000 ____________ (1) Includes $0.25 per unit, or approximately $2,000,000 (or up to approximately $2,300,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) in the aggregate payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions to be placed in a trust account located in the United States as described herein. No up-front commissions relating to the exercise of the underwriter’s over-allotment option will be paid to the underwriters. The deferred commissions will be released to the underwriters only on completion of an initial business combination, in an amount equal to $0.25 multiplied by the number of shares of common stock sold as part of the units in this offering, as described in this prospectus, such amount to be reduced pro rata based on the number of shares of common stock that are redeemed by our shareholders in connection with our business combination. 133 In addition, we have agreed to reimburse the underwriters for certain expenses incurred in connection with this offering, including but not limited to road show expenses, in an amount not to exceed $100,000 in the aggregate upon successful completion of the offering or $50,000 in the aggregate if the offering is not consummated. Pursuant to the terms of the engagement letter with Maxim, we agreed to pay $15,000 as an advance payment toward Maxim’s anticipated out-of-pocket expenses, or the Advance. The Advance shall be applied towards Maxim’s accountable expenses. Any portion of the Advance will be returned to us in the event it is not actually incurred. We estimate that the total expenses of the offering payable by us, not including the underwriting discount, will be approximately $725,000. Purchase Option We have agreed to sell to Maxim (and/or its designees), for $100, an option to purchase up to a total of 200,000 units, exercisable at $11.50 per unit (or an aggregate exercise price of $2,300,000) upon the closing of this offering. The purchase option may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder’s option, at any time, in whole or in part, during the period commencing on the later of the first anniversary of the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part and the closing of our initial business combination and terminating on the fifth anniversary of such effectiveness date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, neither the option nor the warrants underlying the option shall be exercisable after the five year anniversary of the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. The option and such units purchased pursuant to the option, as well as the shares underlying such units, the warrants included in such units, and the shares underlying such warrants, have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part pursuant to Rule 5110(g)(1) of FINRA’s NASD Conduct Rules. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1), these securities will not be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the offering and their bona fide officers or partners. The option grants to holders demand and “piggy back” rights for periods of five and seven years, respectively, from the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part with respect to the registration under the Securities Act of the securities directly and indirectly issuable upon exercise of the option. We will bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the securities, other than underwriting commissions, which will be paid for by the holders themselves. The exercise price and number of units issuable upon exercise of the option may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the option will not be adjusted for issuances of shares at a price below its exercise price. We will have no obligation to net cash settle the exercise of the purchase option or the warrants underlying the purchase option. The holder of the purchase option will not be entitled to exercise the purchase option or the warrants underlying the purchase option unless a registration statement covering the securities underlying the purchase option is effective or an exemption from registration is available. If the holder is unable to exercise the purchase option or underlying warrants, the purchase option or warrants, as applicable, will expire worthless. The exercise price and number of units issuable upon exercise of the option (and the underlying securities) may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the option will not be adjusted for issuances of shares at a price below its exercise price. Right of First Refusal Upon the completion of our initial business combination, and for a period of 12 months from the closing thereof, we have granted Maxim a right of first refusal to act as lead left book running manager with at least 50% of the economics; or, in the case of a three-handed deal, 40% of the economics, for any and all future private or public equity, convertible and debt offerings during such period. 134 No Sales of Similar Securities We, our executive officers and directors, and our initial shareholders will enter into lock-up agreements with the underwriters. Under the lock-up agreements, subject to certain exceptions, we and each of these persons may not, without the prior written approval of Maxim, offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge, or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, or hedge our units, warrants, shares of common stock or any other securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our common stock. These restrictions will be in effect for a period of 180 days after the date of this prospectus. Maxim may, at any time and in its sole discretion, release some or all the securities from these lock-up agreements. Maxim will consider, among other factors, the holder’s reasons for requesting the release, the number of securities for which the release is being requested and market conditions at the time. If the restrictions under the lock-up agreements are waived, our units, warrants and shares of our common stock may become available for resale into the market, subject to applicable law, which could reduce the market price of our securities. Our initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our business combination, the last sale price of the common stock (x) equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property (except with respect to permitted transferees as described herein under “Principal Shareholders—Transfers of Common Stock and Warrants”). The private placement warrants (including the common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except with respect to permitted transferees as described herein under “Principal Shareholders — Transfers of Common Stock and Warrants”). Indemnification We have agreed to indemnify the several underwriters against certain liabilities, including certain liabilities under the Securities Act. If we are unable to provide this indemnification, we have agreed to contribute to payments the underwriters may be required to make in respect of those liabilities. NASDAQ Listing We intend to apply to have our units approved for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “STLRU” and, once the common stock and warrants begin separate trading, we intend to have our common stock and warrants listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols “STLR” and “STLRW,” respectively. Price Stabilization, Short Positions In connection with this offering, the underwriters may engage in activities that stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the price of units during and after this offering, including: • stabilizing transactions; • short sales; • purchases to cover positions created by short sales; • imposition of penalty bids; and • syndicate covering transactions. Stabilizing transactions consist of bids or purchases made for the purpose of preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of our units while this offering is in progress. Stabilization transactions permit bids to purchase the underlying security so long as the stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum. These transactions may 135 also include making short sales of our units, which involve the sale by the underwriters of a greater number of units than they are required to purchase in this offering and purchasing units on the open market to cover short positions created by short sales. Short sales may be “covered short sales,” which are short positions in an amount not greater than the underwriters’ option to purchase additional units referred to above, or may be “naked short sales,” which are short positions in excess of that amount. The underwriters may close out any covered short position by either exercising their option, in whole or in part, or by purchasing units in the open market. In making this determination, the underwriters will consider, among other things, the price of units available for purchase in the open market as compared to the price at which they may purchase units through the over-allotment option. Naked short sales are short sales made in excess of the over-allotment option. The underwriters must close out any naked short position by purchasing units in the open market. A naked short position is more likely to be created if the underwriters are concerned that there may be downward pressure on the price of the units in the open market that could adversely affect investors who purchased in this offering. The underwriters also may impose a penalty bid. This occurs when a particular underwriter repays to the underwriters a portion of the underwriting discount received by it because the representative has repurchased units sold by or for the account of that underwriter in stabilizing or short covering transactions. These stabilizing transactions, short sales, purchases to cover positions created by short sales, the imposition of penalty bids and syndicate covering transactions may have the effect of raising or maintaining the market price of our units or preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of our units. As a result of these activities, the price of our units may be higher than the price that otherwise might exist in the open market. The underwriters may carry out these transactions on the Nasdaq, in the over-the-counter market or otherwise. Neither we nor the underwriters make any representation or prediction as to the effect that the transactions described above may have on the price of the units. Neither we, nor any of the underwriters make any representation that the underwriters will engage in these stabilization transactions or that any transaction, once commenced, will not be discontinued without notice. Determination of Offering Price Prior to this offering, there was no public market for our units. The initial public offering price will be determined by negotiation between us and the representative of the underwriters. The principal factors to be considered in determining the initial public offering price include: • the information set forth in this prospectus and otherwise available to the representative; • our history and prospects and the history and prospects for the industry in which we compete; • our past and present financial performance; • our prospects for future earnings and the present state of our development; • the general condition of the securities market at the time of this offering; • the recent market prices of, and demand for, publicly traded units of generally comparable companies; and • other factors deemed relevant by the underwriters and us. The estimated public offering price range set forth on the cover page of this preliminary prospectus is subject to change as a result of market conditions and other factors. Neither we nor the underwriters can assure investors that an active trading market will develop for our units, warrants or common stock or that the units will trade in the public market at or above the initial public offering price. Affiliations The underwriters and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various activities, which may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory, investment management, investment research, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities. The 136 underwriters and their affiliates may from time to time in the future engage with us and perform services for us or in the ordinary course of their business for which they will receive customary fees and expenses. In the ordinary course of their various business activities, the underwriters and their respective affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers, and such investment and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of us. The underwriters and their respective affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of these securities or instruments and may at any time hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in these securities and instruments. Conflicts of Interest We are not under any contractual obligation to engage any of the underwriters to provide any services for us after this offering, and have no present intent to do so. However, any of the underwriters may introduce us to potential target businesses or assist us in raising additional capital in the future. If any of the underwriters provide services to us after this offering, we may pay such underwriter fair and reasonable fees that would be determined at that time in an arm’s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with any of the underwriters and no fees for such services will be paid to any of the underwriters prior to the date that is 90 days from the date of this prospectus, unless FINRA determines that such payment would not be deemed underwriter’s compensation in connection with this offering and we may pay the underwriters of this offering or any entity with which they are affiliated a finder’s fee or other compensation for services rendered to us in connection with the completion of a business combination. Electronic Distribution A prospectus in electronic format may be made available on the Internet sites or through other online services maintained by one or more of the underwriters participating in this offering, or by their affiliates. In those cases, prospective investors may view offering terms online and, depending upon the particular underwriter, prospective investors may be allowed to place orders online. The underwriters may agree with us to allocate a specific number of units for sale to online brokerage account holders. Any such allocation for online distributions will be made by the underwriters on the same basis as other allocations. Other than the prospectus in electronic format, the information on any underwriter’s website and any information contained in any other website maintained by an underwriter is not part of the prospectus or the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, has not been approved and/or endorsed by us or any underwriter in its capacity as underwriter and should not be relied upon by investors. Notice to Prospective Investors in Australia No placement document, prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document has been lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (“ASIC”), in relation to the offering. This prospectus does not constitute a prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document under the Corporations Act 2001 (the “Corporations Act”), and does not purport to include the information required for a prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document under the Corporations Act. Any offer in Australia of the shares may only be made to persons (the “Exempt Investors”) who are “sophisticated investors” (within the meaning of section 708(8) of the Corporations Act), “professional investors” (within the meaning of section 708(11) of the Corporations Act) or otherwise pursuant to one or more exemptions contained in section 708 of the Corporations Act so that it is lawful to offer the shares without disclosure to investors under Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act. The shares applied for by Exempt Investors in Australia must not be offered for sale in Australia in the period of 12 months after the date of allotment under the offering, except in circumstances where disclosure to investors under Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act would not be required pursuant to an exemption under section 708 of the Corporations Act or otherwise or where the offer is pursuant to a disclosure document which complies with Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act. Any person acquiring shares must observe such Australian on-sale restrictions. This prospectus contains general information only and does not take account of the investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any particular person. It does not contain any securities recommendations or financial product advice. Before making an investment decision, investors need to consider whether the information in this prospectus is appropriate to their needs, objectives and circumstances, and, if necessary, seek expert advice on those matters. 137 Notice to Prospective Investors in the Dubai International Financial Centre This prospectus relates to an Exempt Offer in accordance with the Offered Securities Rules of the Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”). This prospectus is intended for distribution only to persons of a type specified in the Offered Securities Rules of the DFSA. It must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with Exempt Offers. The DFSA has not approved this prospectus nor taken steps to verify the information set forth herein and has no responsibility for the prospectus. The shares to which this prospectus relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the shares offered should conduct their own due diligence on the shares. If you do not understand the contents of this prospectus you should consult an authorized financial advisor. Notice to Prospective Investors in the European Economic Area In relation to each member state of the European Economic Area that has implemented the Prospectus Directive (each, a “relevant member state”), with effect from and including the date on which the Prospectus Directive is implemented in that relevant member state (the “relevant implementation date”), an offer of units described in this prospectus may not be made to the public in that relevant member state prior to the publication of a prospectus in relation to the units that has been approved by the competent authority in that relevant member state or, where appropriate, approved in another relevant member state and notified to the competent authority in that relevant member state, all in accordance with the Prospectus Directive, except that, with effect from and including the relevant implementation date, an offer of our units may be made to the public in that relevant member state at any time: • to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Directive; • to fewer than 100, or, if the relevant member state has implemented the relevant provisions of the 2010 PD Amending Directive, 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Directive), as permitted under the Prospectus Directive, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the issuer for any such offer; or natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined below) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the underwriter for any such offer; or • in any other circumstances that do not require the publication by us of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Directive. Each purchaser of units described in this prospectus located within a relevant member state will be deemed to have represented, acknowledged and agreed that it is a “qualified investor” within the meaning of Article 2(1)(e) of the Prospectus Directive. For the purpose of this provision, the expression an “offer to the public” in any relevant member state means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the units to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the units, as the expression may be varied in that member state by any measure implementing the Prospectus Directive in that member state, and the expression “Prospectus Directive” means Directive 2003/71/EC (and amendments thereto, including the PD 2010 Amending Directive to the extent implemented by the relevant member state) and includes any relevant implementing measure in each relevant member state, and the expression 2010 PD Amending Directive means Directive 2010/73/EU. We have not authorized and do not authorize the making of any offer of units through any financial intermediary on their behalf, other than offers made by the underwriters with a view to the final placement of the units as contemplated in this prospectus. Accordingly, no purchaser of the units, other than the underwriters, is authorized to make any further offer of the units on behalf of us or the underwriters. Notice to Prospective Investors in Switzerland The shares may not be publicly offered in Switzerland and will not be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange (“SIX”) or on any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. This document has been prepared without regard to the disclosure standards for issuance prospectuses under art. 652a or art. 1156 of the Swiss Code of Obligations or the disclosure standards for listing prospectuses under art. 27 ff. of the SIX Listing Rules or the listing rules of any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. Neither this document nor any other 138 offering or marketing material relating to the shares or the offering may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the offering, the Company, the shares have been or will be filed with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority. In particular, this document will not be filed with, and the offer of shares will not be supervised by, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA (FINMA), and the offer of shares has not been and will not be authorized under the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (“CISA”). The investor protection afforded to acquirers of interests in collective investment schemes under the CISA does not extend to acquirers of shares. Notice to Prospective Investors in the United Kingdom This prospectus is only being distributed to, and is only directed at, persons in the United Kingdom that are qualified investors within the meaning of Article 2(1)(e) of the Prospectus Directive that are also (i) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (ii) high net worth entities, and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as a “relevant person”). The units are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to purchase or otherwise acquire such units will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. This prospectus and its contents are confidential and should not be distributed, published or reproduced (in whole or in part) or disclosed by recipients to any other persons in the United Kingdom. Any person in the United Kingdom that is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Notice to Prospective Investors in France Neither this prospectus nor any other offering material relating to the units described in this prospectus has been submitted to the clearance procedures of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers or by the competent authority of another member state of the European Economic Area and notified to the Autorité des Marchés Financiers. The units have not been offered or sold and will not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in France. Neither this prospectus nor any other offering material relating to the units has been or will be: • released, issued, distributed or caused to be released, issued or distributed to the public in France; or • used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of the units to the public in France. Such offers, sales and distributions will be made in France only: • to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) and/or to a restricted circle of investors (cercle restreint d’investisseurs), in each case investing for their own account, all as defined in, and in accordance with, Article L.411-2, D.411-1, D.411-2, D.734-1, D.744-1, D.754-1 and D.764-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier; • to investment services providers authorized to engage in portfolio management on behalf of third parties; or • in a transaction that, in accordance with article L.411-2-II-1|Mbb[-or-2|Mbb[-or 3|Mbb[ of the French Code monétaire et financier and article 211-2 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers, does not constitute a public offer (appel public à l’épargne). The units may be resold directly or indirectly, only in compliance with Articles L.411-1, L.411-2, L.412-1 and L.621-8 through L.621-8-3 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Notice to Prospective Investors in Hong Kong The units may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of any document other than (i) in circumstances which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32, Laws of Hong Kong), or (ii) to “professional investors” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder, or (iii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32, Laws of Hong Kong) 139 and no advertisement, invitation or document relating to the units may be issued or may be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere), which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to units which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder. Notice to Prospective Investors in Japan The units have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) and, accordingly, will not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Japan, or for the benefit of any Japanese Person or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any Japanese Person, except in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines promulgated by relevant Japanese governmental or regulatory authorities in effect at the relevant time. For the purposes of this paragraph, “Japanese Person” shall mean any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan. Notice to Prospective Investors in Singapore This prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the units may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the units be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the “SFA”), (ii) to a relevant person pursuant to Section 275(1), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA, in each case subject to compliance with conditions set forth in the SFA. Where the units are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: • shares, debentures and units of shares and debentures of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the shares pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: • to an institutional investor (for corporations, under Section 274 of the SFA) or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or to any person pursuant to an offer that is made on terms that such shares, debentures and units of shares and debentures of that corporation or such rights and interest in that trust are acquired at a consideration of not less than S$200,000 (or its equivalent in a foreign currency) for each transaction, whether such amount is to be paid for in cash or by exchange of securities or other assets, and further for corporations, in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; • where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; or • where the transfer is by operation of law. 140 Legal Matters The validity of the securities offered in this prospectus is being passed upon for us by Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, New York, New York with respect to the units and warrants and Reeder & Simpson P.C., with respect to the common stock. Loeb & Loeb LLP, New York, is acting as counsel for the underwriters in this offering. Experts The financial statements of Stellar Acquisition III Inc. as of May 31, 2016 and for the period from December 8, 2015 (inception) through May 31, 2016, have been included herein in reliance upon the report of WithumSmith+Brown, PC, independent registered public accounting firm, appearing elsewhere herein, and upon the authority of WithumSmith+Brown, PC as experts in accounting and auditing. Where You Can Find Additional Information We have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act with respect to the securities we are offering by this prospectus. This prospectus does not contain all of the information included in the registration statement. For further information about us and our securities, you should refer to the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules filed with the registration statement. Whenever we make reference in this prospectus to any of our contracts, agreements or other documents, the references are materially complete but may not include a description of all aspects of such contracts, agreements or other documents, and you should refer to the exhibits attached to the registration statement for copies of the actual contract, agreement or other document. Upon completion of this offering, we will be subject to the information requirements of the Exchange Act and will file (so long as we are a foreign private issuer, voluntarily) annual, quarterly and current event reports, proxy statements (if we will not be a foreign private issuer at such time), and other information with the SEC. You can read our SEC filings, including the registration statement, over the Internet at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov . You may also read and copy any document we file with the SEC at its public reference facility at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may also obtain copies of the documents at prescribed rates by writing to the Public Reference Section of the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the operation of the public reference facilities. 141 STELLAR ACQUISITION III INC. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheet F-3 Statement of Operations F-4 Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity F-5 Statement of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 F-1 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Stellar Acquisition III Inc. We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Stellar Acquisition III Inc. (the “Company”), as of May 31, 2016, and the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders’ equity and cash flows for the period from December 8, 2015 (date of inception) to May 31, 2016. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Stellar Acquisition III Inc. as of May 31, 2016, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from December 8, 2015 (date of inception) to May 31, 2016, in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. /s/ WithumSmith+Brown, PC New York, New York June 30, 2016 F-2 Stellar Acquisition III Inc. Balance Sheet MAY 31, 2016 (In United States Dollars) Assets Current assets Cash $ 14,398 Total current assets 14,398 Deferred offering costs 132,350 Total assets $ 146,748 Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity Current liabilities Accounts payable $ 15,000 Due to related parties 107,985 Total current liabilities 122,985 Commitments — Shareholders’ Equity Preferred shares, $0.0001 par value, 10,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding — Shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value, 200,000,000 shares authorized, 2,300,000 shares issued and outstanding 230 Additional paid-in capital 24,770 Accumulated deficit (1,237 ) Total shareholders’ equity 23,763 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity $ 146,748 The accompanying notes are an integral part of this financial statement. F-3 Stellar Acquisition III Inc. Statement of Operations For the period from December 8, 2015 (inception) through May 31, 2016 (In United States Dollars) Revenue $ — Operating expenses Formation and operating costs $ (1,237 ) Net loss attributable to common shares $ (1,237 ) Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 2,300,000 Basic and diluted net loss per share $ (0.00 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of this financial statement. F-4 Stellar Acquisition III Inc. Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity For the period from December 8, 2015 (inception) through May 31, 2016 (In United States Dollars) Common stock Additional paid-in Accumulated Shareholders’ Shares Amount capital Deficit Equity Balance at December 8, 2015 — $ — $ — $ — $ — Shares of common stock issued at $50.00 per share 500 1 24,999 — 25,000 Effect of 4,600 to 1 stock split 2,299,500 229 (229 ) Net loss — — — (1,237 ) (1,237 ) Balance at May 31, 2016 2,300,000 $ 230 $ 24,770 $ (1,237 ) $ 23,763 The accompanying notes are an integral part of this financial statement. F-5 Stellar Acquisition III Inc. STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS May 31, 2016 (In United States Dollars) Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net loss $ (1,237 ) Net cash used in operating activities (1,237 ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Due to related parties 107,985 Deferred offering costs (117,350 ) Proceeds from sale of sponsors’ shares of common stock 25,000 Net cash provided by financing activities 15,635 Net increase in cash 14,398 Cash at beginning of period — Cash at end of period $ 14,398 Supplemental Schedule of Non-Cash Financing Activities: Accrued deferred offering costs $ 15,000 The accompanying notes are an integral part of this financial statement. F-6 Stellar Acquisition III Inc. Notes to Financial Statements May 31, 2016 (In United States Dollars) NOTE 1 — DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS Organization and General: Stellar Acquisition III Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated pursuant to the laws of the Republic of the Marshall Islands on December 8, 2015. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the “Business Combination”). The Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the “Securities Act,” as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”). At May 31, 2016, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from December 8, 2015 (inception) through May 31, 2016 relates to the Company’s formation and the proposed initial public offering (“Proposed Offering”) described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of its initial business combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the Proposed Offering. The Company has selected November 30 th as its fiscal year end. Sponsors and Proposed Financing: The Company’s sponsors are Astra Maritime Inc. and Dominium Investments Inc., affiliated with our Chairman and co-Chief Executive Officer, Magellan Investments Corp. and Firmus Investments Inc., affiliated with our co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. All four companies are incorporated pursuant to the laws of the Republic of the Marshall Islands (the “Sponsors”). The Company intends to finance a Business Combination with proceeds from an $80,000,000 public offering (the “Proposed Offering” — Note 3) and a $3,650,000 private placement (Note 4). Upon the closing of the Proposed Offering and the private placement, $80,800,000 (or $92,920,000 if the underwriter’s over-allotment option is exercised in full — Note 3) will be held in the Trust Account (discussed below). The Trust Account: The Trust Account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of one hundred and eighty (180) days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940 which invest only in direct U.S. government obligations. Funds will remain in the Trust Account until the earlier of (i) the consummation of its first Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. The remaining proceeds outside the Trust Account may be used to pay for business, legal and accounting due diligence on prospective acquisitions and continuing general and administrative expenses. The Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, other than the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes or working capital expenses, if any, none of the funds held in trust will be released until the earlier of: (i) the completion of the Business Combination; or (ii) the redemption of 100% of the shares of common stock included in the Units being sold in the Proposed Offering if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Proposed Offering (subject to the requirements of law). Business Combination: The Company’s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Proposed Offering, although it initially intends to focus its efforts within the international energy logistics industry. Substantially all of the net proceeds of the Proposed Offering are intended to be generally applied toward consummating a Business Combination with (or acquisition of) a Target Business. As used herein, “Target Business” must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with the Company’s initial business combination. Furthermore, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. F-7 Stellar Acquisition III Inc. Notes to Financial Statements May 31, 2016 (In United States Dollars) NOTE 1 — DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS (cont.) The Company, after signing a definitive agreement for a Business Combination, will either (i) seek stockholder approval of the Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose in connection with which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the Business Combination, for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest but less taxes payable, or (ii) provide stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to the Company by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount in cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to commencement of the tender offer, including interest but less taxes payable. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of the Business Combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares in a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as whether the Company is a foreign private issuer, the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require the Company to seek stockholder approval unless a vote is required by NASDAQ rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval, it will complete its Business Combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. However, in no event will the Company redeem its public shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon consummation of the initial business combination. In such case, the Company would not proceed with the redemption of its public shares and the related Business Combination, and instead may search for an alternate Business Combination. If the Company holds a stockholder vote or there is a tender offer for shares in connection with a Business Combination, a public stockholder will have the right to redeem its shares for an amount in cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest but less taxes payable or amounts released to the Company for working capital purposes. As a result, such shares of common stock will be recorded at redemption amount and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Proposed Offering, in accordance with FASB ASC 480, “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” The amount in the Trust Account is initially anticipated to be $10.10 per public common share ($80,800,000 held in the Trust Account divided by 8,000,000 public common shares), subject to increase of up to an additional $0.20 per unit in the event that the Sponsors elect to extend the period of time to consummate a business combination, as described in more detail in the prospectus. The Company will have until 12 months from the closing of the Proposed Offering to consummate a Business Combination. However, if the Company anticipates that it may not be able to consummate a Business Combination within 12 months, the Company may extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination up to four times, each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 24 months to complete a Business Combination). In order to extend the time available for the Company to consummate a Business Combination, the Sponsors or their affiliates or designees must deposit into the Trust Account $400,000, or $460,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full ($0.05 per unit in either case), up to an aggregate of $1,600,000 (or $1,840,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), or $0.20 per unit, prior to the applicable deadline for each three month extension. The Sponsors and their affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the Trust Account to extend the time for the Company to complete a Business Combination. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within this period of time, it shall (i) cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares of common stock for a per share pro rata portion of the Trust Account, including interest, but less taxes payable (less up to $50,000 of such net interest to pay dissolution expenses) and (iii) as promptly as possible following such redemption, dissolve and liquidate the balance of the Company’s net assets to its remaining stockholders, as part of its plan of dissolution and liquidation. The initial stockholders have entered into letter agreements with the Company, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to participate in any redemption with respect to their initial shares; however, if the initial stockholders or any of the Company’s officers, directors or affiliates acquire shares of common stock in or after the Proposed Offering, they will be entitled to a pro rata share of the Trust Account upon the F-8 Stellar Acquisition III Inc. Notes to Financial Statements May 31, 2016 (In United States Dollars) NOTE 1 — DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS (cont.) Company’s redemption or liquidation in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the required time period. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be less than the initial public offering price per Unit in the Proposed Offering. NOTE 2 — SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis of Presentation: The financial statements of the Company are presented in U.S. dollars in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Stock split On January 29, 2016, the Company completed a 4,600 to 1 stock split. All share and per share information contained in the financial statements has been adjusted for this split. Emerging Growth Company Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. Net Loss Per Common Share: Net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period, plus to the extent dilutive the incremental number of shares of common stock to settle warrants, as calculated using the treasury stock method. At May 31, 2016, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted loss per common share is the same as basic loss per common share for the period. Concentration of Credit Risk: Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution, which at times, may exceed the Federal depository insurance coverage of $250,000. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. Financial Instruments: The fair value of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820, “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,” approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet. F-9 Stellar Acquisition III Inc. Notes to Financial Statements May 31, 2016 (In United States Dollars) NOTE 2 — SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.) Use of Estimates: The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires the Company’s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Deferred Offering Costs: The Company complies with the requirements of the ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) Topic 5A — “Expenses of Offering”. Deferred offering costs of approximately $132,350 consist principally of costs incurred in connection with formation and preparation for the Proposed Offering. These costs, together with the underwriter discount, will be charged to shareholders’ equity upon completion of the Proposed Offering or charged to operations if the Proposed Offering is not completed. Income Taxes: There is, at present, no direct taxation in the Marshall Islands and interest, dividends, and gains payable to the Company are received free of all Marshall Islands taxes. The Company is registered as an “exempted company” pursuant to the Marshall Islands Companies Law (as amended). As the Company proceeds with making investments in various jurisdictions, tax considerations outside the Marshall Islands may arise. Although the Company intends to pursue tax-efficient investments, it may be subject to income tax, withholding tax, capital gains tax, and other taxes imposed by tax authorities in other jurisdictions. For U.S. tax purposes, the Company expects to be treated as a passive foreign investment company by its U.S. shareholders. The Company does not expect to be subject to direct taxation based on net income in the U.S. as long as it maintains its non-U.S. trade or business status. The Company does not expect to invest in any U.S. obligation that will be subject to U.S. withholding taxes. As of May 31, 2016, the Company has not commenced operations and thus has no uncertain tax positions. The Company follows the provisions of ASC 740-10 which prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for how a company should recognize, measure, present and disclose in its financial statements uncertain tax positions that the Company has taken or expects to take on its tax return. ASC 740-10 requires that the financial statements reflect expected future tax consequences of such positions presuming the taxing authorities’ full knowledge of the position and all relevant facts, but without considering time values. There were no adjustments related to uncertain tax positions recognized during the period December 8, 2015 (inception) to May 31, 2016. Recent Accounting Pronouncements: The Company complies with the reporting requirements of Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2014-10, which eliminated certain financial reporting requirements of companies previously identified as “Development Stage Entities” (Topic 915). The amendments in this ASU simplify accounting guidance by removing all incremental financial reporting requirements for development stage entities. The amendments also reduce date maintenance and, for those entities subject to audit, audit costs by eliminating the requirements for development stage entities to present inception-to-date information in the statements of income, cash flows, and stockholders’ equity. Early application of each of the amendments is permitted for any annual reporting periods or interim period for which the entity’s financial statements have not yet been issued (public business entities) or made available for issuance (other entities). Upon adoption, entities will no longer present or disclose any information required by Topic 915. For public business entities, those amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2014, and interim periods therein. We have adopted the amendments in this ASU in the accompanying financial statements. F-10 Stellar Acquisition III Inc. Notes to Financial Statements May 31, 2016 (In United States Dollars) NOTE 2 — SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont.) In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity’s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (“ASU 2014-15”). ASU 2014-15 provides guidance on management’s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an organization’s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. For each reporting period, management will be required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about a company’s ability to continue as a going concern within one year form the date the financial statements are issued. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective for annual reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016 and for annual and interim periods thereafter. Early adoption is permitted. We have adopted the amendments in this ASU in the accompanying financial statements. Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company’s financial statements. NOTE 3 — PUBLIC OFFERING Pursuant to the Proposed Offering, the Company intends to offer for sale up to 8,000,000 units at a price of $10.00 per unit (the “Units”). Each Unit consists of one share of the Company’s common stock, $0.0001 par value and one redeemable common stock purchase warrant (the “Warrants”). Under the terms of a proposed warrant agreement, the Company has agreed to use its best efforts to file a new registration statement under the Securities Act, following the completion of the Company’s initial Business Combination. Each Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of $11.50. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, the Company will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. Each Warrant will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of the Company’s initial Business Combination or 12 months from the closing of the Proposed Offering and will expire five years after the completion of the Company’s initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. However, if the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination on or prior to the applicable time period to complete the Business Combination, the Warrants will expire at the end of such period. If the Company is unable to deliver registered shares of common stock to the holder upon exercise of Warrants issued in connection with the 8,000,000 public units during the exercise period, there will be no net cash settlement of these Warrants and the Warrants will expire worthless, unless they may be exercised on a cashless basis in the circumstances described in the warrant agreement. Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants in whole and not in part at a price of $0.01 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption, only in the event that the last sale price of the Company’s shares of common stock equals or exceeds $21.00 per share for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. The Company expects to grant the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 1,200,000 additional Units to cover any over-allotment, at the initial public offering price less any underwriting discounts and commissions. The warrants that would be issued in connection with 1,200,000 over-allotment units are identical to the public warrants and have no net cash settlement provisions. The Company expects to pay an underwriting fee of $1,625,000, equal to a 2.03% underwriting discount on the per Unit offering price to the underwriters, based on a sale of 8,000,000 Units, at the closing of the Proposed Offering. There will be no upfront underwriter fees in case the underwriter decides to exercise the over-allotment option. The Company will pay an additional fee (the “Deferred Discount”) of 2.5% of the gross offering proceeds payable to underwriters, reduced pro rata for any share redemptions, upon the Company’s completion of a Business Combination. The Deferred Discount will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes its initial Business Combination. F-11 Stellar Acquisition III Inc. Notes to Financial Statements May 31, 2016 (In United States Dollars) NOTE 4 — RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Founder Shares The Company’s initial shareholders currently own 2,300,000 shares of common stock (initially purchased by Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos in January 2016 for an aggregate of $25,000), up to 300,000 of which are subject to forfeiture by the initial shareholders if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full. In January 2016, Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos collectively transferred an aggregate of 2,099,900 shares to the sponsor and an aggregate of 34,500 shares to the Company’s director nominees. In addition, in January 2016, Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos collectively transferred an aggregate of 165,600 shares to the Company’s other initial shareholders. The Founder Shares are identical to the common stock included in the Units being sold in the Proposed Offering except that the Founder Shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below. The Sponsors and the Company’s officers and director nominees have agreed to forfeit up to 300,000 Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriters. The forfeiture will be adjusted to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriters so that the initial stockholders will own 20.0% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares after the Proposed Offering. If the Company increases or decreases the size of the offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, the Company will effect a stock dividend or share contribution back to capital, as applicable, immediately prior to the consummation of the Proposed Offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of the Company’s stockholders prior to the Proposed Offering at 20.0% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares of the Company’s common stock upon the consummation of the Proposed Offering. The Company’s initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of the Company’s initial Business Combination, or earlier if, subsequent to the Company’s initial Business Combination, the last sale price of the Company’s common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Company’s initial Business Combination or (B) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction after the initial Business Combination that results in all of the Company’s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property (the “Lock Up Period”). Private Placement Warrants The Sponsors have agreed to purchase from the Company an aggregate of 7,300,000 warrants at a price of $0.50 per warrant (a purchase price of $3,650,000), in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the completion of the Proposed Offering (the “Private Placement Warrants”). Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock at $11.50 per share. The purchase price of the Private Placement Warrants will be added to the proceeds from the Proposed Offering to be held in the Trust Account pending completion of the Company’s initial Business Combination. The Private Placement Warrants (including the common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination and they will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the Sponsors or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the Sponsors or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the Units being sold in the Proposed Offering. Otherwise, the Private Placement Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the Warrants being sold as part of the Units in the Proposed Offering and have no net cash settlement provisions. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, then the proceeds will be part of the liquidating distribution to the public stockholders and the Warrants issued to the Sponsors will expire worthless. F-12 Stellar Acquisition III Inc. Notes to Financial Statements May 31, 2016 (In United States Dollars) NOTE 4 — RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (cont.) Registration Rights The Company’s initial stockholders and holders of the Private Placement Warrants will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed on or before the date of the prospectus for the Proposed Offering. The Company’s initial stockholders and holders of the Private Placement Warrants will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that the Company register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders will have “piggy-back” registration rights to include their securities in other registration statements filed by the Company. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. The registration rights agreement does not provide for any penalties associated with delays in registering the securities. Related Party Loans As of January 15, 2016, three of the Company’s Sponsors, Firmus Investments Inc., Astra Maritime, Inc. and Magellan Investments Corp., have agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of $250,000 against the issuance of an unsecured promissory note (the “Note”) to cover expenses related to this Proposed Offering. This loan is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of December 31, 2016 or the completion of the Proposed Offering. As of May 31, 2016, the total outstanding amount due to related parties in relation to the Note was $107,985. Subsequent to May 31, 2016, Firmus Investments Inc. advanced $30,000 as part of the related Note. Administrative Service Agreement and Services Agreement The Company has agreed to pay $10,000 a month for office space, administrative services and secretarial support to Nautilus Energy Management Corp., an affiliate of our co-Chief Executive Officers. Services will commence on the date the securities are first listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market and will terminate upon the earlier of the consummation by the Company of an initial Business Combination or the liquidation of the Company. NOTE 5 — COMMITMENTS & CONTINGENCIES The Company expects to pay an underwriting fee of $1,625,000, equal to a 2.03% underwriting discount on the per Unit offering price to the underwriters, based on a sale of 8,000,000 Units, at the closing of the Proposed Offering. There will be no upfront underwriter fees in case the underwriter decides to exercise the over-allotment option. The Company will pay an additional fee (the “Deferred Discount”) of 2.5% of the gross offering proceeds payable to underwriters, reduced pro rata for any share redemptions, upon the Company’s completion of a Business Combination. The Deferred Discount will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes its initial Business Combination. The Company has agreed to sell to the underwriter (and/or its designees), for $100, an option to purchase up to a total of 200,000 units or 230,000 units if the over-allotment is exercised, exercisable at $11.50 per unit (or an aggregate exercise price of $2,300,000 or $2,645,000, respectively) upon the closing of this offering. The purchase option may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder’s option, at any time during the period commencing on the later of the first anniversary of the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part and the closing of our initial business combination and terminating on the fifth anniversary of such effectiveness date. The units issuable upon exercise of this option are identical to those offered in the Proposed Offering. The Company intends to account for the fair value of the unit purchase option, net of the receipt of the $100 cash payment, as an expense of the Proposed Offering resulting in a charge directly to stockholders’ equity. The Company estimates the fair value of this unit purchase option is $6.01 per unit (for a total fair value of $1,202,131) using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair value of the unit purchase option granted to the underwriter is estimated as of the date of grant using the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility of 37.8% (2) risk-free interest rate of 1.17% and (3) expected life of 5 years. Because the Company’s units do not have a trading history, the volatility assumption is based on information currently available to management. F-13 Stellar Acquisition III Inc. Notes to Financial Statements May 31, 2016 (In United States Dollars) NOTE 5 — COMMITMENTS & CONTINGENCIES (cont.) The volatility assumption was calculated using the average volatility of stock prices of a selection of companies within the energy logistics space, which are representative of the sectors on which the company intends to focus for the initial business transaction, including: Arc Logistics Partners LP, Ardmore Shipping Corporation, Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P., Buckeye Partners, L.P., Cheniere Energy, Inc., DHT Holdings, Inc., Dorian LPG Ltd., EnLink Midstream, LLC, GasLog Ltd., Genesis Energy LP, Golar LNG Ltd., Kinder Morgan, Inc., Magellan Midstream Partners LP, Navigator Holdings Ltd., Nordic American Tankers Limited, NuStar GP Holdings, LLC, ONEOK Inc., PBF Logistics LP, Scorpio Tankers Inc., StealthGas, Inc., Teekay Tankers Ltd., Tsakos Energy Navigation Limited. The Company believes that the volatility estimate is a reasonable benchmark to use in estimating the expected volatility of the units. Although an expected life of five years was used in the calculation, if the Company does not consummate a business transaction within the prescribed time period and it liquidates, the option will become worthless. The unit purchase option may be exercised for cash or on a “cashless” basis, at the holder’s option, such that the holder may use the appreciated value of the unit purchase option (the difference between the exercise prices of the unit purchase option and the underlying Warrants and the market price of the Units and underlying ordinary shares) to exercise the unit purchase option without the payment of cash. NOTE 6 — STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Common Stock The authorized common stock of the Company includes up to 200,000,000 shares. Holders of the Company’s common stock are entitled to one vote for each share of common stock. At May 31, 2016, there were 2,300,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Preferred Stock The Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. At May 31, 2016, there were no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. F-14 $80,000,000 8,000,000 Units __________ PROSPECTUS __________ Maxim Group LLC , 2016 You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus. No dealer, salesperson or any other person is authorized to give any information or make any representations in connection with this offering other than those contained in this prospectus and, if given or made, the information or representations must not be relied upon as having been authorized by us. This prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security other than the securities offered by this prospectus, or an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities by anyone in any jurisdiction in which the offer or solicitation is not authorized or is unlawful. The information contained in this prospectus is accurate only as of the date of this prospectus, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus or of any sale of our securities. Until , 2016 (25 days after the date of this prospectus), all dealers that buy, sell or trade our common stock, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to the dealers’ obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions. Part I i Information not Required in Prospectus Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. The estimated expenses payable by us in connection with the offering described in this registration statement (other than the underwriting discount and commissions) will be as follows: Legal fees and expenses $ 250,000 Printing and engraving expenses 35,000 Accounting fees and expenses 37,500 SEC Expenses 9,265 FINRA Expenses 17,750 Travel and road show 20,000 Directors and officers insurance 125,000 NASDAQ listing and filing fees 75,000 Reimbursement to underwriters for expenses 100,000 Miscellaneous expenses 80,485 Total offering expenses $ 725,000 Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that all of our directors, officers, employees and agents shall be entitled to be indemnified by us to the fullest extent permitted by the BCA. .60§ Indemnification of directors and officers. (1) Actions not by or in right of the corporation. A corporation shall have the power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that he is or was a director or officer of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. The te f no contest, or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. (2) Actions by or in right of the corporation. A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a director or officer of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him or in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable for negligence or misconduct in the performance of his duty to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the court shall deem proper. II-1 (3) When director or officer successful. To the extent that a director or officer of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections (1) or (2) of this section, or in the defense of a claim, issue or matter therein, he shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith. (4) Payment of expenses in advance. Expenses incurred in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding may be paid in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding as authorized by the board of directors in the specific case upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation as authorized in this section. (5) Indemnification pursuant to other rights. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, the other subsections of this section shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in his official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office. (6) Continuation of Indemnification. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this section shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such person. (7) Insurance. A corporation shall have the power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director or officer of the corporation or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director or officer against any liability asserted against him and incurred by him in such capacity whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this section. Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification we provide to our officers and directors will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers, and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person in a successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to the court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. In accordance with the BCA, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, will provide that no director shall be personally liable to us or any of our shareholders for monetary damages resulting from breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, except to the extent such limitation on or exemption from liability is not permitted under the BCA. The effect of this provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation is to eliminate our rights and those of our shareholders (through shareholders’ derivative suits on our behalf) to recover monetary damages against a director for breach of the fiduciary duty of care as a director, including breaches resulting from negligent or grossly negligent behavior, except, as restricted by the BCA. However, this provision does not limit or eliminate our rights or the rights of any shareholder to seek non-monetary relief, such as an injunction or rescission, in the event of a breach of a director’s duty of care. If the BCA is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the liability of directors, then, in accordance with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the liability of our directors to us or our II-2 shareholders will be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent authorized by the BCA, as so amended. Any repeal or amendment of provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation limiting or eliminating the liability of directors, whether by our shareholders or by changes in law, or the adoption of any other provisions inconsistent therewith, will (unless otherwise required by law) be prospective only, except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits us to further limit or eliminate the liability of directors on a retroactive basis. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will also provide that we will, to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by applicable law, indemnify our current and former officers and directors, as well as those persons who, while directors or officers of our corporation, are or were serving as directors, officers, employees or agents of another entity, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan, in connection with any threatened, pending or completed proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, against all expense, liability and loss (including, without limitation, attorney’s fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by any such person in connection with any such proceeding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a person eligible for indemnification pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will be indemnified by us in connection with a proceeding initiated by such person only if such proceeding was authorized by our board of directors, except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification. The right to indemnification conferred by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation is a contract right that includes the right to be paid by us the expenses incurred in defending or otherwise participating in any proceeding referenced above in advance of its final disposition, provided, however, that if the BCA requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by our officer or director (solely in the capacity as an officer or director of our corporation) will be made only upon delivery to us of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such officer or director, to repay all amounts so advanced if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or otherwise. The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses will not be deemed exclusive of any other rights which any person covered by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may have or hereafter acquire under law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our bylaws, an agreement, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. Any repeal or amendment of provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation affecting indemnification rights, whether by our shareholders or by changes in law, or the adoption of any other provisions inconsistent therewith, will (unless otherwise required by law) be prospective only, except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits us to provide broader indemnification rights on a retroactive basis, and will not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing at the time of such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision with respect to any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will also permit us, to the extent and in the manner authorized or permitted by law, to indemnify and to advance expenses to persons other than those specifically covered by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws include provisions relating to advancement of expenses and indemnification rights consistent with those set forth in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. In addition, our bylaws provide for a right of indemnity to bring a suit in the event a claim for indemnification or advancement of expenses is not paid in full by us within a specified period of time. Our bylaws also permit us to purchase and maintain insurance, at our expense, to protect us and/or any director, officer, employee or agent of our corporation or another entity, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not we would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the BCA. Any repeal or amendment of provisions of our bylaws affecting indemnification rights, whether by our board of directors, shareholders or by changes in applicable law, or the adoption of any other provisions inconsistent therewith, will (unless otherwise required by law) be prospective only, except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits us to provide broader indemnification rights on a retroactive basis, and will not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing thereunder with respect to any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision. We will enter into indemnification agreements with each of our officers and directors a form of which is filed as Exhibit 10.9 to this Registration Statement. These agreements will require us to indemnify these individuals to the II-3 fullest extent permitted under law against liabilities that may arise by reason of their service to us, and to advance expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified. Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Registration Statement, we have agreed to indemnify the underwriters and the underwriters have agreed to indemnify us against certain civil liabilities that may be incurred in connection with this offering, including certain liabilities under the Securities Act. Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. Our initial shareholders currently own 2,300,000 shares of common stock (initially purchased by Messrs. Tsirigakis and Syllantavos in January 2016 for an aggregate of $25,000), up to 300,000 of which are subject to forfeiture by our initial shareholders if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is not exercised in full. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20.0% of the outstanding shares upon completion of this offering. Such securities were issued in connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Our sponsor is an accredited investor for purposes of Rule 501 of Regulation D. In addition, Dominium Investments Inc. and Firmus Investments Inc. have committed, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase from us an aggregate of 7,300,000 private placement warrants (or 7,540,000 private placement warrants if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) at $0.50 per warrant (for an aggregate purchase price of $3,650,000, or $3,770,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full). This purchase will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the completion of our initial public offering. This issuance will be made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales. Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. (a) Exhibits . The list of exhibits following the signature page of this registration statement is incorporated herein by reference. (b) Financial Statements. See page F-1 for an index to the financial statements included in the registration statement. Item 17. Undertakings. (a) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to provide to the underwriter at the closing specified in the underwriting agreements, certificates in such denominations and registered in such names as required by the underwriter to permit prompt delivery to each purchaser. (b) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. (c) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that: (1) For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective. II-4 (2) For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) For the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser, if the registrant is subject to Rule 430C, each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. (4) For the purpose of determining liability of a registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of an undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by an undersigned registrant; (iii) The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. II-5 Signatures Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Athens, Greece, on the 30 th day of June, 2016. STELLAR ACQUISITION III INC. By: /s/ Prokopios (Akis) Tsirigakis Prokopios (Akis) Tsirigakis co-Chief Executive Officer KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints each of Prokopios (Akis) Tsirigakis and George Syllantavos his true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities to sign any and all amendments including post-effective amendments to this registration statement, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the SEC, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact or his substitute, each acting alone, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this Registration Statement has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Name Position Date /s/ Prokopios (Akis) Tsirigakis Chairman of the Board of Directors and June 30, 2016 Prokopios (Akis) Tsirigakis co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ George Syllantavos co-Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial June 30, 2016 George Syllantavos Officer and Secretary (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Authorized Representative in the United States: Puglisi & Associates /s/ Donald J. Puglisi Name: Donald J. Puglisi Title: Managing Director Date: June 30, 2016 II-6 Exhibit Index Exhibit No. Description 1.1 Form of Underwriting Agreement.** 3.1 Articles of Incorporation.* 3.2 Amended Articles of Incorporation.* 3.3 Form of Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation.** 3.4 Bylaws.* 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate.** 4.2 Specimen Common Stock Certificate.** 4.3 Specimen Warrant Certificate.** 4.4 Form of Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.** 5.1 Opinion of Reeder & Simpson PC** 5.2 Opinion of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP.** 10.1 Promissory Note, dated January 15, 2016, issued to Firmus Investments Inc.* 10.2 Promissory Note, dated January 15, 2016, issued to Astra Maritime Inc.* 10.3 Promissory Note, dated January 15, 2016, issued to Magellan Investments Corp.* 10.4 Form of Letter Agreement among the Registrant and our officers, directors and security holders.** 10.5 Form of Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.** 10.6 Form of Registration Rights Agreement between the Registrant and certain security holders.** 10.7 Form of Securities Subscription Agreement, dated January 29, 2016, among the Registrant and certain securityholders.* 10.8 Amended and Restated Sponsors Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated June 29, 2016 among the Registrant and certain securityholders.* 10.9 Form of Indemnity Agreement.** 10.10 Form of Administrative Services Agreement, by and between the Registrant and Nautilus Energy Management Corp.** 14 Form of Code of Ethics.** 23.1 Consent of WithumSmith+Brown, PC.* 23.2 Consent of Reeder & Simpson PC (included in Exhibit 5.1)** 23.3 Consent of Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP (included on Exhibit 5.2).** 24 Power of Attorney (included on signature page of this Registration Statement). 99.1 Form of Audit Committee Charter.** 99.2 Form of Compensation Committee Charter.** 99.3 Consent of Alexandros Argyros.** 99.4 Consent of Tiziano Paravagna.** 99.5 Consent of Eleonora (Liona) Bacha.** ____________ * Filed herewith. ** To be filed by amendment. II-7
