As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 6, 2016 Registration No: ________________ UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 ATLAN MEDIA, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada 7311 (State of other jurisdiction (Primary Standard Industrial (IRS Employer of incorporation) Classification Code Number) Identification No.) William Atlan Chief Executive Officer Level 19, 1 O'Connell Street NSW, Sydney, 2000, AUSTRALIA Tel: +61 (2) 8520 3912 Fax: +61 (2) 8520 3912 E-mail: will.atlan@atlanmedia.com Web Site: http://www.atlanmedia.com (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant's principal executive offices) Nevada Business Services 1805 N. Carson Street, Suite X Carson City, NV 89701 Tel: 775-624-8494 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies To: Matheau J. W. Stout, Esq. 400 E. Pratt Street, 8th Floor Baltimore, Maryland 21202 (410) 429-7076 Tel (888) 907-1740 Fax mjwstout@gmail.com Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this registration statement. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box. x If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act Registration Statement number of the earlier effective Registration Statement for the same offering. ¨ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act Registration Statement number of the earlier effective Registration Statement for the same offering. ¨ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act Registration Statement number of the earlier effective Registration Statement for the same offering. ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. Large accelerated filer ¨ Accelerated filer ¨ Non-accelerated filer ¨ Smaller reporting company x (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of Each Proposed Proposed Class of Maximum Maximum Securities Offering Aggregate Amount of to be Amount to be Price Per Offering Registration Registered Registered (2) Share (1) Price Fee Common Stock 19,000,000 $ 0.05 $ 500,000 $ 50.35 Total 19,000,000 $ 0.05 $ 500,000 $ 50.35 (1) There is no current market for the securities; the price at which the shares are being offered has been arbitrarily determined by us; this price is used for the purpose of computing the amount of the registration fee in accordance with Rule 457(a) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. (2) Includes 10,000,000 shares of common stock offered directly by the Company and 9,000,000 shares of common stock offered by the Selling Shareholders. THE REGISTRANT HEREBY AMENDS THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON SUCH DATE OR DATES AS MAY BE NECESSARY TO DELAY ITS EFFECTIVE DATE UNTIL THE REGISTRANT SHALL FILE A FURTHER AMENDMENT WHICH SPECIFICALLY STATES THAT THIS REGISTRATION STATEMENT SHALL THEREAFTER BECOME EFFECTIVE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 8(A) OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR UNTIL THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT SHALL BECOME EFFECTIVE ON SUCH DATE AS THE COMMISSION, ACTING PURSUANT TO SECTION 8(A), MAY DETERMINE. THE INFORMATION IN THIS PROSPECTUS IS NOT COMPLETE AND MAY BE CHANGED. WE MAY NOT SELL THESE SECURITIES UNTIL THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION IS EFFECTIVE. THIS PROSPECTUS IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL THESE SECURITIES AND IT IS NOT SOLICITING AN OFFER TO BUY THESE SECURITIES IN ANY STATE WHERE THE OFFER OR SALE IS NOT PERMITTED. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED _____ __, 2016 PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS ATLAN MEDIA, INC. 19,000,000 SHARES OF COMMON STOCK AT $0.05 PER SHARE This Prospectus relates to the offering by Atlan Media, Inc. ("Atlan Media," "we," "our," the "Company" or the "Registrant") of a) a total of 10,000,000 shares (the "Shares") of our common stock on a "self-underwritten" basis at a fixed price of $0.05 per share and b) the shareholders named in this prospectus, “Selling Shareholders”, who are registering in the aggregate, 9,000,000 shares of common stock that such Selling Shareholders currently hold. The Selling Shareholders will be offering shares at a fixed price of $0.05 per share until our common stock becomes quoted or listed but the Company is offering our shares at a fixed price of $0.05 for the duration of the offering. We will not receive any proceeds from the shares of common stock sold by the Selling Shareholders. There is no minimum for this Offering. The Offering will commence promptly on the date upon which this prospectus is declared effective by the SEC and will continue for 180 days. At the discretion of our board of directors, we may discontinue the offering before expiration of the 180 day period or extend the offering for up to 180 days following the expiration of the 180 day offering period. We will pay all expenses incurred in this offering. We are an “emerging growth company” under applicable Securities and Exchange Commission rules and will be subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. The offering of the 19,000,000 shares is a “best efforts” offering, which means that our Officers and Directors will use their best efforts to sell the common stock and there is no commitment by any person to purchase any shares. The shares will be offered at a fixed price of $0.05 per share for the duration of the offering. The shares will be sold at the fixed price until the common stock becomes quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, OTCQX, OTCQB or listed on a securities exchange. The Selling Shareholders will be offering shares at a fixed price of $0.05 per share until our common stock becomes quoted or listed but the Company is offering our shares at a fixed price of $0.05 for the duration of the offering. There is no minimum number of shares required to be sold to close the offering, therefore the gross proceeds may range between $0 and $500,000.00. Proceeds from the sale of the shares will be used to fund the initial stages of our business development. We have not made any arrangements to place funds received from share subscriptions in an escrow, trust or similar account. Any funds raised from the offering will be immediately available to us for our immediate use. We have agreed to bear all of the expenses incurred in connection with the registration of these shares. The Selling Shareholders will pay or assume brokerage commissions and similar charges, if any, incurred for the sale of shares of their common stock. This is a direct participation offering since we are offering the stock directly to the public without the participation of an underwriter. Our Officers and Directors will be solely responsible for selling shares under this offering for the Company and no commission will be paid on any sales. The Selling Shareholders will be responsible for selling their own shares. There is no minimum offering of the Atlan Media shares. We are a development stage company with no earnings focusing on early-stage business activities. This fact may impose some limitations on our shareholders' ability to re-sell their shares in our company. Accordingly, investors should consider our shares to be a high-risk illiquid investment (see "Risk Factors" section). We are not a blank check company and have no plans or intentions to engage in a business combination following this offering. These securities involve a high degree of risk, and prospective purchasers should be prepared to sustain the loss of their entire investment. There is currently no public trading market for the securities. Management will have sole control over company's accounts. We have not made arrangements to place the funds in an escrow account with a third party escrow agent due to the costs involved. As a result, investors are subject to the risk that creditors could attach these funds during the offering process (see "Use of Proceeds" and "Plan of Distribution" sections) This is our initial public offering. Prior to this offering there has been no public market for our common stock and we have not applied for listing or quotation on any public market. After the effective date of the registration statement, we intend to list our common stock on the Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board (OTCBB), which is maintained by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA). This Offering of shares will terminate 180 days from the effective date of this Prospectus, although we may close the Offering on any date prior if the Offering is fully subscribed. Our President will market our common stock and offer / sell the securities on our behalf. This is the best effort direct participation offering that will not utilize broker-dealer arrangement. No Officer or Director will receive any compensation for her/his role in selling shares in the offering. Our Officers and Directors have not acted as promoters nor do they have a controlling interest in any companies (either viable or dormant). The Company is considered an "emerging growth company" as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act and will be subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. Before purchasing any of the common stock covered by this Prospectus, carefully read and consider the risk factors included in the section entitled "RISK FACTORS". Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. You should rely only on the information contained in this Prospectus. We have not authorized any person to provide you with any information about this offering, Atlan Media, Inc., or the shares offered hereby that is different from the information included in this Prospectus. THE DATE OF THIS PROSPECTUS IS _______________, 2016. TABLE OF CONTENTS THE FOLLOWING TABLE OF CONTENTS HAS BEEN DESIGNED TO HELP YOU FIND INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PROSPECTUS. WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO READ THE ENTIRE PROSPECTUS. SUMMARY 3 RISK FACTORS 6 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 12 USE OF PROCEEDS 12 DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE 13 MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 13 DIVIDENT POLICY 14 DILUTION 14 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 15 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES TO BE REGISTERED 18 SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE RESALE 18 INTERESTS OF NAMED EXPERTS AND COUNSEL 19 EXPERTS 19 LEGAL MATTERS 19 DESCRIPTION OF OUR BUSINESS 19 MANAGEMENT 23 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 26 COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS 26 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 26 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 27 DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES 28 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 29 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 32 WHERE YOU CAN GET MORE INFORMATION 33 2 PART I SUMMARY This summary provides a brief overview of the key aspects of our offering. It may not contain all of the information that is important to you. You should read the entire Prospectus carefully, including the more detailed information regarding our company, the risks of purchasing our common stock discussed under "Risk Factors," and our financial statements and their accompanying notes. In this Prospectus, "Atlan Media," "we," "our," the "Company" or the "Registrant" refer to Atlan Media, Inc., unless the context otherwise requires. Unless otherwise indicated, the term "fiscal year" refers to our fiscal year ending December 31. Unless otherwise indicated, the term "common stock" refers to shares of the Company's common stock, par value $0.001 per share. THE COMPANY Atlan Media, Inc. was incorporated in the State of Nevada on April 1, 2016. Our offices are located at Level 19, 1 O'Connell Street NSW, Sydney, 2000, Australia. We are a development stage company with no earnings to date and operations and assets consistent with our age, with a focus on early-stage business activities such as proof of concept development, and promoting our new technology. Since incorporation, management has developed a detailed business plan and capitalized the Company with a cash infusion of $1,633,484. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY Problem Digital Media Buyers & Sellers are hungry for premium tier-1 desktop & mobile web traffic to leading ad campaigns of the world . Specifically, they are hungry for options that are fast, reliable, flexible, fully managed, with tools and support to effectively and efficiently run successful campaigns. Cost Per Click (CPC) and Cost per 1000 Impressions (CPM) premium traffic is in demand. Solution Our new service and web-based advertising management platform offers Agencies, Media Buyers, and Corporates access to over 70% of comScore top 100 websites of the world in one easy to use platform. We achieve this via exchange partnerships with Google, Epom, OpenX, and more. Market We expect our strongest market segments to be large Online Digital Media Agencies in Major World centres including New York City, Sydney, London, Hong Kong, Dubai. According to our research there is more than 1200 Agencies in these five cities alone. Competition Our closest competition is a company called OpenX. OpenX is a Real Time Bidding Exchange. The difference between us and OpenX is that our platform includes all features in one offering. OpenX breaks up different ad types and charges a minimum spend for each type (mobile, desktop, video). Atlan Media™ will takeaway a lot of business from OpenX for this reason alone. Why Us? We are extremely experienced in Digital Marketing with a combined years of 21 in this young however lucrative industry. With this experience, our proprietary platform, no monthly share its contents or ideas with third parties without the express written consent of the plan author. minimum spend contracts - Atlan Media™ will be the goto place for Ad Buyers & Agencies the world over. Our core advantage is our intellectual property / our ad serving platform. Developed from the ground up to be an industry leading online advertising campaign management platform, William was working on the platform for 4 months between September 2015 - January 2016. We have not reinvented the wheel, however streamlined it and packed it with all in one tools that competition charges separately for. The Atlan Media™ Ad Platform is able to handle any type of online advertising including desktop, mobile, app, video, search, and email advertising. It provides a range of targeting, limitation, pacing and optimization tools. The campaign reporting section we built is up to the minute reporting, an industry first (costs more in servers pinging every 60 seconds, however is in demand). We also built a monetisation section to allow website & network owners the ability to provide traffic in exchange for revenue sharing. They are provided a web login to receive ad codes, view reporting, and receive payments. Marketing Plan With over two million potential clients who advertise globally on a daily basis, Atlan Media will focus an email campaign on a select group of 50,000 businesses each fiscal quarter. We estimate a five percent response rate to the campaign which will generate 1,250 leads. These leads will then be used to generate business contacts. Over the year, we will generate 5,000 leads. 3 Sales Plan Atlan Media's sales strategy is simple. We will use the email marketing campaign directed at our client base as a model of what we can accomplish for them. We anticipate that online companies will be most accessible to our services. We will be successful with offline companies overtime, but initially sales will be weak with this group. Locations & Facilities The Company receives free office space on a month to month basis from a related entity, Atlan Media, Ltd. and Australian company beneficially owned and controlled by our Officers and Directors (“Atlan Australia”). Atlan Australia signed a one-year lease for a commercially zoned office space in Sydney CBD, Australia. The space has the growth abilities and can accomodate up to 24 employees on a fulltime basis. This location provides us walking access to 80% of Australia's leading Ad Agencies and Ad Networks, who spend upwards of $4b per annum. We plan to open an office in New York City in September/October 2016. Technology The Atlan Media™ Online Advertising Management Platform (Atlan Ad Center) is a proprietary in-house developed fully featured ad buying and monetisation web based platform that allows advertisers and publishers to effectively and efficiently managed advertising campaign and traffic sales. Developed over a 4 month period between September 2015 - January 2016 by William Atlan and a handful of external developers (hired as consultants with no claim on technology) – the platform is industry leading with every feature included in one offering, rather than breaking up mobile/desktop/app into separate offerings. We developed up to the minute reporting. It costs a little extra as we are pinging servers every 60 seconds for reports, however allows Real Time Bidders the ability to see which ads are performing on a minute by minute basis. Equipment & Tools We purchased 2x Dell XPS Servers, and 4 iMac Desktop Computers for use in the office. Atlan Media™ is heavily online based and as such does not require standard equipment and tools of other business models. Key Metrics Our focus right now is on the most basic metrics: daily revenue, building our monetization network of earners, payroll, and profit margins. Server instances are expensive, especially when purchased in small groups, and Ad Network's like ours are inherently low-margin operations. Use of Funds The biggest ongoing expenses for Atlan Media will be server infrastructure (ad serving costs roughly 11% of Client Ad Spend), and general payroll expenses. Future expenses include office lease, payroll, telecommunications & internet, office equipment, and various other sundries. Sources of Funds Atlan Media™ is self funded. The Officers and Directors of the Company invested a total of $1,633,484 in cash to fund the Company on April 9, 2016. Our financial statements from inception (April 1, 2016) through April 30, 2016 report revenue of $0, net loss of ($165,246), and total assets of $1,641,209 including cash balance of $1,632,109, which was generated from the sale of 90,250,000 shares of restricted common stock to our Officers and Directors, and advances from Director's loans. We have sufficient cash on hand to meet our anticipated operational needs for at least a year. We currently do not have any written agreements in place for any investments or loans from third parties. We seek to raise capital to expand our operations. THE OFFERING We are offering, on a self-underwritten basis, a total of 10,000,000 shares of the common stock of our Company at a price of $0.05 per share. This is a fixed price Offering. This Offering of shares will terminate 180 days from the effective date of this Prospectus, although we may close the Offering on any date prior if the Offering is fully subscribed. The offering price of the common stock has been arbitrarily determined and bears no relationship to any objective criterion of value. The price does not bear any relationship to our assets, book value, historical earnings or net worth. There is no minimum offering of the Atlan Media shares; investors will not receive a return of their investment if all shares are not sold. 4 The purchase of the common stock in this offering involves a high degree of risk. The common stock offered in this Prospectus is for investment purposes only; no market for our common stock currently exists. Please refer to "RISK FACTORS" and "DILUTION" sections before making an investment in our stock. Securities Being Offered 10,000,000 shares of common stock 9,000,000 shares of common stock offered by the Selling Shareholders Offering Price $0.05 per share Offering Period The shares are being offered for a period not to exceed 180 days from the effective date of this Prospectus Number of Common Stock Issued and Outstanding Before Offering 99,250,000, held by our Officers and Directors, including 9,000,000 shares held by the Selling Shareholders Number of Common Stock to be Issued and Outstanding After Offering 109,250,000 shares Net Gross Proceeds to Our Company $500,000 Use of Proceeds Expansion of business operations Risk Factors The securities offered hereby involve a high degree of risk and should not be purchased by investors who cannot afford the loss of their entire investment. See "Risk Factors" section. Our Officers and Directors do not intend to purchase any shares in this offering. SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION The following tables set forth a summary of the Company's financial information as provided in its year-end financial statements. You should read this information together with our audited financial statements and the notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Prospectus and the information under "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." BALANCE SHEETS April 30, 2016 Cash $ 1,632,109 Total current assets $ 1,641,109 Current liabilities $ 10,075 Total stockholder's equity $ 1,631,134 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS For the Period from inception,April 1, 2016 through April 30, 2016 Revenue $ 0 Total operating expenses $ 165,246 Net loss $ (165,246 ) 5 RISK FACTORS An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information in this Prospectus before investing in our common stock. If any of the risks disclosed below occur, our business operating results and financial condition could be seriously harmed. RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AS A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY, AN INVESTMENT IN OUR COMPANY IS CONSIDERED A HIGH RISK INVESTMENT WHEREBY YOU COULD LOSE YOUR ENTIRE INVESTMENT We will incur significant expenses in order to implement our business plan, including estimated $30,000 in federal securities law compliance costs for the 12 month period following the effectiveness of our registration statement. As an investor, you should be aware of the difficulties, delays and expenses normally encountered by an enterprise in the development stage, many of which are beyond our control (such as unanticipated developmental expenses, employment costs, advertising and marketing expenses). We cannot assure you that our proposed business plan as described in this Prospectus will materialize or prove successful. OUR BUSINESS OPERATIONS ARE NOT DEPENDENT UPON THE FUNDS TO BE RAISED IN THIS OFFERING. As of April 30, 2016 have $1,632,109 in cash on hand. We do not require the proceeds from this Offering in order to operate for at least one year. We intend to use the proceeds from this Offering to expand our operations. It will enable us (after paying the expenses of this Offering) cover all related licensing fees and the SEC compliance and filing expenses including legal fees. We may need additional funds in the future to further our business activities and to achieve a sustainable sales level where ongoing operations and expansion can be funded out of profits. There is no assurance that any additional financing will be available or if available, on terms that will be acceptable to us. BUSINESS EVALUATION IS DIFFICULT SINCE WE HAVE NOT YET COMMENCED SIGNIFICANT BUSINESS ACTIVITIES We were incorporated on April 1, 2016 and to date have been involved primarily in organizational activities. We have generated revenue of $0 and have incurred total losses of ($165,246) from inception to April 30, 2016. 6 You cannot evaluate our business or our future prospects due to our lack of operating history. To-date, we have been involved in limited business activities. Potential investors should be aware of the difficulties normally encountered by development stage companies and the high rate of failure of such enterprises. In addition, there is no guarantee that we will commence full business operations. Furthermore, we anticipate that we will incur increased operating expenses without realizing any significant revenue. We therefore expect to incur significant losses into the foreseeable future. We recognize that if we are unable to generate sufficient revenues from selling color panels, we will not be able to continue operations. IF OUR PRESIDENT LEAVES THE COMPANY PRIOR TO SECURING REPLACEMENTS, WE WILL BE LEFT WITHOUT MANAGEMENT AND OUR BUSINESS OPERATIONS WOULD CEASE We depend on the services of our President, William Atlan, and our success depends on the decisions made by him. The loss of the services of our President could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. There is no assurance that our President will not leave the company or compete against us in the future, as we presently have no employment agreement with him. In such circumstance, we may have to recruit qualified personnel with competitive compensation packages, equity participation and other benefits that may affect the working capital available for our operations. Our failure to attract additional qualified employees or to retain the services of Mr. Atlan could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. We will fail without appropriate replacements. ALTHOUGH OUR PRESIDENT IS NOT CURRENTLY RECEIVING COMPENSATION FOR HIS SERVICES, HE MAY DECIDE TO PAY HIMSELF, WHICH WILL ADVERSELY IMPACT ANY POTENTIAL NET PROFIT THAT WE MAY GENERATE We are not currently compensating our President for providing management services to us. In the future we might pay him compensation if the cash flow generated from operations significantly exceeds our total expenses. Mr. Atlan, as our Officers and Directors, has the power to set his own compensation as he sees fit. If he determines to compensate himself, it could have an adverse effect on our net profit, if any. THE LACK OF PUBLIC COMPANY EXPERIENCE OF OUR OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS COULD ADVERSELY IMPACT OUR ABILITY TO COMPLY WITH THE REPORTING REQUIREMENTS OF U.S. SECURITIES LAWS Our Officers and Directors, have had no responsibility for managing a public company in the United States, which could impair our ability to comply with legal and regulatory requirements such as those imposed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Such responsibility includes complying with federal securities laws and making required disclosures on a timely basis. In addition, our Officers and Directors may not be able to implement programs and policies in an effective and timely manner or in a manner which adequately responds to such increased legal, regulatory compliance and reporting requirements, including establishing and maintaining internal controls over financial reporting. Any such deficiencies, weaknesses or lack of compliance could have a materially adverse effect on our ability to comply with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, which is necessary to maintain our public company status. If we were to fail to fulfill those obligations, our ability to continue as a U.S. public company would be in jeopardy, in which event you could lose your entire investment. 7 OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS DO NOT RESIDE IN THE UNITED STATES. Our executive Officers do not reside in the United States. The U.S. stockholders would face difficulty in: * effecting service of process within the United States on our Officers; * enforcing judgments obtained in U.S. courts based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against the Officers; * enforcing judgments of U.S. courts based on civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws in foreign courts against our Officers; and * bringing an original action in foreign courts to enforce liabilities based on the U.S. federal securities laws against our Officers. WE ARE AN "EMERGING GROWTH COMPANY" AND INTEND TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF REDUCED DISCLOSURE AND GOVERNANCE REQUIREMENTS APPLICABLE TO EMERGING GROWTH COMPANIES; AS A RESULT OUR COMMON STOCK MAY BE LESS ATTRACTIVE TO INVESTORS We are an "emerging growth company," as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012. We intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. Such exemptions include, but not limited to: not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements; exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. . We may take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer considered an emerging growth company, which in certain circumstances could be up to five years. There may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. As an emerging growth company, exemptions from the following provisions are available to us: 1. Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which requires auditor attestation of internal controls; 2. Section 14A(a) and (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which require companies to hold shareholder advisory votes on executive compensation and golden parachute compensation; 3. Section 14(i) of the Exchange Act (which has not yet been implemented), which requires companies to disclose the relationship between executive compensation actually paid and the financial performance of the company; 4. Section 953(b)(1) of the Dodd-Frank Act (which has not yet been implemented), which requires companies to disclose the ratio between the annual total compensation of the CEO and the median of the annual total compensation of all employees of the companies; and 5. The requirement to provide certain other executive compensation disclosure under Item 402 of Regulation S-K. Instead, an emerging growth company must only comply with the more limited provisions of Item 402 applicable to smaller reporting companies, regardless of the issuer's size. RISKS RELATING TO OUR COMMON STOCK BECAUSE OUR OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS, WHO ARE ALSO OUR SOLE PROMOTERS, WILL OWN 83% OF THE OUTSTANDING SHARES AFTER THIS OFFERING, THEY WILL RETAIN SIGNIFICANT CONTROL OF THE COMPANY, WHICH IN TURN COULD DECREASE THE PRICE AND MARKETABILITY OF THE SHARES 8 After all 10,000,000 shares of common stock of this Offering are sold Mr. Atlan will own 55,250,000 or 51% of total outstanding shares and will retain significant control. As a result, Mr. Atlan will have an ability to influence the Company as follows: * elect or defeat the election of our Directors; * amend or prevent amendment of our articles of incorporation or bylaws; * effect or prevent a merger, sale of assets or other corporate transaction; and * affect the outcome of any other matter submitted to the stockholders for vote Moreover, our three Officers and Directors own 90,250,000 shares together, and because of the significant ownership position held by our insiders, new investors may not be able to effect a change in the Company's business or management, and therefore, shareholders would be subject to decisions made by management and the majority shareholder. In addition, sales of significant amounts of shares held by our Officers and Directors or the prospect of these sales, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Management's stock ownership may discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company; this could reduce our stock price or prevent our stockholders from realizing a premium over our stock price. WE ARE SELLING SHARES IN THIS OFFERING WITHOUT AN UNDERWRITER AND MAY BE UNABLE TO SELL ALL OF THE SHARES; WE MAY HAVE TO SEEK ALTERNATIVE FINANCING TO IMPLEMENT OUR BUSINESS PLANS This offering is self-underwritten, that is, we are not engaging the services of an underwriter to sell the shares. We intend to sell them through our Officers and Directors, who will receive no commissions. He will offer the shares to friends, relatives, acquaintances and business associates; however, there is no guarantee that he will be able to sell any/all of the shares. In the event we do not sell all of the shares before the expiration date of the Offering, we will have to seek alternative financing sources. There is no provision to refund all or portion of the funds to our existing shareholders raised by selling company shares. SHARES SOLD BY THE SELLING SHAREHOLDERS MAY LIMIT THE AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS RAISED IN THE PRIMARY OFFERING As the Company is only selling 10,000,000 of the 19,000,000 shares being registered in this offering, this may result in competition between the Company and the Selling Shareholders who may offer to the same investor groups. As such, it may limit the amount the Company is able to raise in the primary offering. YOU WILL INCUR IMMEDIATE AND SUBSTANTIAL DILUTION OF THE PRICE YOU PAY FOR YOUR SHARES Our existing Affiliate stockholders acquired their shares at a cost of $0.018 per share, and our Selling Shareholders acquired their shares for services at $0 per share, a cost per share that is substantially less than the amount you will pay for the shares you purchase in this offering. Accordingly, any investment you make in these shares will result in the immediate and substantial dilution of the net tangible book value of those shares from the $0.05 you pay for them (see the Dilution table). THE PROCEEDS OF OUR OFFERING WILL BE HELD IN A STANDARD CORPORATE CHECKING ACCOUNT (RATHER THAN AN ESCROW ACCOUNT) UNTIL THE OFFERING CLOSES, IT IS POSSIBLE THAT CREDITORS OF THE COMPANY COULD ATTACH THESE FUNDS Our management will have sole control over the withdrawal of funds. We have not made arrangements to place the funds in an escrow account with a third party escrow agent due to the costs involved. As a result, investors are subject to the risk that creditors could attach these funds during the offering process. THERE IS CURRENTLY NO PUBLIC MARKET FOR OUR SECURITIES, THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT ANY PUBLIC MARKET WILL DEVELOP OR THAT OUR COMMON STOCK WILL BE QUOTED FOR TRADING There is no public market for our securities and there can be no assurance that an active trading market for the securities offered herein will develop after this offering by the selling stockholders, or, if developed, be sustained. After the effective date of the registration statement of which this Prospectus is a part, we intend to identify a market maker to file an application with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) to have our common stock quoted on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board. We will have to satisfy certain criteria in order for our application to be accepted. We do not currently have a market maker that is willing to participate in this application process, and even if we identify a market maker, we cannot assure you that we will meet the acceptance criteria. Our common stock may never be quoted on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board, or, if quoted, a public market may not materialize. 9 RISK OF LOSING INVESTMENT If our securities are not eligible for initial quotation, or if quoted, are not eligible for continued quotation on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board, or a public trading market does not develop, purchasers of the shares of common stock may have difficulty selling or be unable to sell their securities, rendering their shares effectively worthless and resulting in a partial or complete loss of their investment. PURCHASING PENNY STOCK LIMITS INVESTOR'S ABILITY TO RE-SELL The shares offered by this Prospectus constitute "penny stock" under the Exchange Act. The shares will remain "penny stock" for the foreseeable future. "Penny stock" rules impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell such securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally those with assets in excess of $1,000,000 or annual income exceeding $200,000 or $300,000 together with a spouse). For transactions covered by these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of such securities and have received the purchaser's written consent to the transaction prior to the purchase. Additionally, for any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require the delivery, prior to the transaction, of a disclosure schedule prescribed by the Commission relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally, monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information on the limited market in penny stocks. Consequently, the "penny stock" rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our shares of common stock. The market price of our shares would likely suffer as a result. FINRA SALES REQUIREMENTS MAY LIMIT A STOCKHOLDER'S ABILITY TO BUY AND SELL OUR STOCK FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer's financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low priced securities will not be suitable for certain customers. FINRA requirements will likely make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in our common stock. As a result, fewer broker-dealers may be willing to make a market in our common stock, reducing a stockholder's ability to resell shares of our common stock. STATE SECURITIES LAWS MAY LIMIT SECONDARY TRADING, RESTRICTING THE STATES WHERE YOU CAN RESELL THE SHARES OFFERED BY THIS PROSPECTUS If you purchase shares of our common stock sold pursuant to this offering, you may not be able to resell the shares in a certain state unless and until the shares of our common stock are qualified for secondary trading under the applicable securities laws of such state or there is confirmation that an exemption, such as listing in certain recognized securities manuals, is available for secondary trading in such state. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in registering or qualifying our common stock for secondary trading, or identifying an available exemption for secondary trading in our common stock in every state. If we fail to register or qualify, or to obtain or verify an exemption for the secondary trading of our common stock in any particular state, the shares of common stock could not be offered or sold to, or purchased by, a resident of that state. In the event that a significant number of states refuse to permit secondary trading in our common stock, the market for the common stock will be limited, which could drive down the market price of our common stock and reduce the liquidity of the shares of our common stock and a stockholder's ability to resell shares of our common stock at all or at current market prices, which could increase a stockholder's risk of losing some or all of her investment. IF QUOTED, THE PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK MAY BE VOLATILE; YOU MAY NOT BE ABLE TO SELL YOUR SHARES AT OR ABOVE THE ACQUISITION PRICE Even if our shares are quoted for trading on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board following this offering and a public market develops for our common stock, the market price of our common stock may be volatile. It may fluctuate significantly in response to the following factors: 10 * variations in quarterly operating results; * our announcements of significant progress and achievement of milestones; * our relationships with other companies or capital commitments; * additions or departures of key personnel; * sales of common stock or termination of stock transfer restrictions; * changes in financial estimates by securities analysts, if any; and * fluctuations in stock market price and volume. Your inability to sell your shares during a decline in the price of our stock may increase losses that you may suffer as a result of your investment. SINCE WE DO NOT INTEND TO PAY ANY DIVIDENDS ON OUR COMMON SHARES, STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD RELY ON STOCK APPRECIATION FOR ANY RETURN ON THEIR INVESTMENT We have not declared or paid any dividends on our common stock since inception; we do not anticipate paying any such dividends for the foreseeable future. Accordingly, holders of our common stock will have to rely on capital appreciation, if any, to earn a return on their investment in our common stock. ADDITIONAL ISSUANCES OF OUR SECURITIES MAY RESULT IN IMMEDIATE DILUTION TO EXISTING SHAREHOLDERS We plan to raise additional capital in order to expand our business. Our most likely source of additional capital will be through the sale of additional shares of common stock. We are authorized to issue up to 500,000,000 shares of common stock, of which 90,250,000 shares of common stock are currently issued and outstanding. Our Board of Directors has the authority over issuing additional shares of common, and to determine the rights, preferences and privilege of such shares, without consent of any of our stockholders. We may issue shares in connection with financing arrangements or otherwise. Any such issuances will result in immediate dilution to our existing shareholders' interests, which will negatively affect the value of your shares. WE MAY BE EXPOSED TO POTENTIAL RISKS RESULTING FROM NEW REQUIREMENTS UNDER SECTION 404 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 Pursuant to Section 404 of the SOX Act, we will be required to include in our annual report our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting once this registration statement becomes effective and we commence filing financial reports with the Securities & Exchange Commission. We expect to incur additional expenses and diversion of management's time as a result of performing the system and process evaluation, testing and remediation required in order to comply with the management certification and auditor attestation requirements. We currently do not have a sufficient number of employees to segregate responsibilities and may be unable to afford increasing our staff or engaging outside consultants. During the course of our testing, we may identify other deficiencies that we may not be able to remediate in time to meet the deadline imposed by the SOX Act Section 404. As such standards are modified, supplemented or amended; it may be difficult to ensure effective internal controls over financial reporting. Effective internal controls, particularly those related to revenue recognition, are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to help prevent financial fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our common stock, if a market ever develops, could drop significantly. THE OFFERING PRICE HAS BEEN ARBITRARILY SET BY COMPANY; YOU MAY NOT REALIZE A RETURN ON YOUR INVESTMENT UPON RESALE OF YOUR SHARES The offering price and other terms and conditions relative to the Company's shares have been arbitrarily determined by us and do not bear any relationship to assets, earnings, book value or any other objective criteria of value. Additionally, as the Company was formed on April 1, 2016 and has only a limited operating history and no earnings, the price of the offered shares is not based on its past earnings and no investment banker, appraiser or other independent third party has been consulted concerning the offering price for the shares or the fairness of the offering price used for the shares, as such our stockholders may not be able to receive a return on their investment when they sell their shares of common stock. 11 CAUTIONARY DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Prospectus contains forward-looking statements and information relating to our business that are based on our beliefs as well as assumptions made by us or based upon information currently available to us. These statements reflect our current views and assumptions with respect to future events and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are often identified by words like: "believe," "expect," "estimate," "anticipate," "intend," "project" and similar expressions or words which, by their nature, refer to future events. In some cases, you can also identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as "may", "will", "should", "plans", "predicts", "potential" or "continue" or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the section entitled "Risk Factors" that may cause our or our industry's actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In addition, you are directed to factors discussed in the "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation" section, and the section entitled "Description of Our Business", as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Prospectus. Other factors include, among others: general economic and business conditions; industry capacity; industry trends; competition; changes in business strategy or development plans; project performance; availability, terms, and deployment of capital; and availability of qualified personnel. These forward-looking statements are relevant as of the date of this Prospectus. We believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable; however we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any update or revisions of any of the forward-looking statements to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto or to conform these statements to actual results. USE OF PROCEEDS Our offering is being made on a self-underwritten basis: no minimum number of shares must be sold in order for the offering to proceed. The offering price per share is $0.05. The following table sets forth the uses of proceeds assuming the sale of either 25%, 50%, 75% and 100%, respectively, of the securities offered for sale by the Company. There is no assurance that we will raise the full $500,000 as anticipated. Scenario 1 Scenario 2 Scenario 3 Scenario 4 Expense Category $ 125,000 $ 250,000 $ 375,000 $ 500,000 Legal and Professional $ 30,000 $ 30,000 $ 30,000 $ 30,000 The amounts actually spent for any specific purpose may vary and will depend on a number of factors. Non-fixed cost, sales and marketing and general and administrative costs may vary with business progress and development efforts, general business conditions and market reception. Accordingly, our management has broad discretion to allocate the net proceeds to non-fixed costs. An example of changes to this spending allocation for non-fixed costs include management deciding to spend less of the allotment on product development and more on sales and marketing. If insufficient funds are raised we plan to use cash on hand, or if necessary, borrow funds from our management. 12 DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE There is no established market for our stock. The offering price of the shares has been determined arbitrarily by us. The price does not bear any relationship to our assets, book value, earnings, or other established criteria for valuing a privately held company. In determining the number of shares to be offered and the offering price, we took into consideration our capital structure and the amount of money we would need to implement our business plans. Accordingly, the offering price should not be considered an indication of the actual value of our securities. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this Prospectus forms a part, we intend to seek a market maker to file an application with the FINRA to have our stock quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. However, we cannot assure you that our shares will be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board or, if quoted, that a public market will materialize. The Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than $5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or quotation system. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the Securities and Exchange Commission, that: a. contains a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; b. contains a description of the broker's or dealer's duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to a violation of such duties or other requirements of the securities laws; c. contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; d. contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; e. defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and f. contains such other information and is in such form, including language, type, size and format, as the Securities and Exchange Commission shall require by rule or regulation. The broker or dealer also must provide, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, the customer with: (a) bid and offer quotations for the penny stock; (b) the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; (c) the number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; and (d) a monthly account statement showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules; the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a suitably written statement. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our stock. Therefore, if our common stock becomes subject to the penny stock rules, stockholders may have difficulty selling those securities. HOLDERS We had seven holders of record of our common stock as of May 6, 2016. SECURITIES AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS We do not have any securities authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plans. 13 PENNY STOCK REGULATION The SEC has adopted regulations which generally define "penny stock" to be any equity security that has a market price (as defined) of less than $5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share. Such securities are subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell them. For transactions covered by these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser of such securities and have received the purchaser's written consent to the transaction prior to the purchase. Additionally, for any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require the delivery, prior to the transaction, of a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market-maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer presumed control over the market. Finally, among other requirements, monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. As the Shares immediately following this Offering will likely be subject to such penny stock rules, purchasers in this Offering will in all likelihood find it more difficult to sell their Shares in the secondary market. DIVIDENT POLICY We have not paid any cash dividends to shareholders. The declaration of any future cash dividends is at the discretion of our board of Directors and depends upon our earnings, if any, our capital requirements and financial position, general economic conditions, and other pertinent conditions. It is our present intention not to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest earnings, if any, in our business operations. DILUTION Dilution represents the difference between the offering price and the net tangible book value per share immediately after completion of this offering. Net tangible book value is the amount that results from subtracting total liabilities and intangible assets from total assets. Dilution arises mainly as a result of our arbitrary determination of the offering price of the shares being offered. Dilution of the value of the shares you purchase is also a result of the lower book value of the shares held by our existing stockholders. In this offering, the level of dilution is increased as a result of the relatively low book value of Atlan Media's presently issued and outstanding stock. This is due to the shares of common stock issued to the Company's officers and directors totaling 90,250,000 shares at $0.018 per share for $1,633,484 cash , and the 9,000,000 shares to a total of four Non Affiliates for services at $0 per share, versus the current offering price of $0.05 per share. The Company's net tangible book value on April 30, 2016 was ($1,631,134) or approximately $0.0164 per share, based upon 99,250,000 shares outstanding. Upon completion of this offering, but without taking into account any change in the net tangible book value after completion of this offering other than that resulting from the sale of the shares and receipt of the total proceeds of $500,000, the net tangible book value of the 109,250,000 shares to be outstanding will be $2,109,121 or approximately $0.0193 per share. DILUTION TABLE The price of the current offering is fixed at $0.05 per common share. This price is significantly higher than the price paid by our Directors and Officers for common equity since the Company's inception on April 1, 2016. Our Officers and Directors invested $1,633,484 on April 9, 2016, paying $0.018 per share for their 90,250,000 common shares. Four Non Affiliate shareholders received 9,000,000 common shares for services on April 9, 2016 at $0 per share. Assuming completion of the offering, there will be up to 109,250,000 common shares outstanding. The following table illustrates the per common share dilution that may be experienced by investors at various funding levels based on stockholders' equity of $1,631,134 as of April 30, 2016. 14 Percentage of funding 100% 75% 50% 25% Offering price $ 0.05 $ 0.05 $ 0.05 $ 0.05 Shares after offering 109,250,000 106.750.000 104,250,000 101,750,000 Amount of new funding $ 500,000 $ 375,000 $ 250,000 $ 125,000 Book value before offering (per share) $ 0.0164 $ 0.0164 $ 0.0164 $ 0.0164 Book value after offering (per share) $ 0.0193 $ 0.0186 $ 0.0178 $ 0.0170 Increase per share $ 0.0029 $ 0.0022 $ 0.0014 $ 0.0006 Dilution to investors $ 0.0307 $ 0.0314 $ 0.0322 $ 0.0330 Dilution as percentage 61.39 % 62.83 % 64.33 % 65.91 % The following table summarizes the number and percentage of shares purchased, the amount of consideration paid and the average price per share paid by our existing stockholder and by new investors in this offering: Amount of Price per Shares Total Number Consideration Share Held of Ownership Paid Affiliate Stockholders $ 0.018 90,250,000 82.6 % $ 1,633,484 Selling Shareholders $ 0 9,000,000 8.2 % $ 0 Investors in This Offering $ 0.05 10,000,000 9.2 % $ 500,000 SELLING SHAREHOLDERS The relationship between the registrant and the Selling Shareholder within the last three years are disclosed below. There are no known other relationships between the Company and the Selling Shareholders other than the relationships disclosed. The Selling Shareholders listed below hold issued but unregistered shares. The significance of registering their shares is to allow the Selling Shareholders to sell their shares to the public. The following table shows the following information about the Selling Shareholders: 1. the number of shares of our common stock that the Selling Shareholders beneficially owned as of the business day immediately prior to the filing of our Registration Statement; 2. the number of shares covered by this Prospectus; and 3. the number of shares to be retained after this offering, if any. All figures in this table assume the issuance and subsequent disposition of all shares. As represented to us by the Selling Shareholders, none of the Selling Shareholders are broker-dealers or affiliates of broker-dealers. The percentage in the column “Percentage of Share Owned Prior to Offering” was calculated by dividing the total number of shares owned prior to offering by the total issued and outstanding number of shares prior to the offering equivalent to 99,250,000 as of May 6, 2016. The numbers in the “Percentage of Shares Owned After the Offering Assuming No Shares are Sold in the Offering” assume that no shares are sold in both the primary and secondary offering. Name Total Number of Shares Owned Prior to Offering Percentage of Shares Owned Prior to Offering Number of Shares Being Offered Total Number of Shares Owned After the Offering Frank Williams 3,000,000 3.0 % 3,000,000 0 Brad Smith 2,000,000 2.0 % 2,000,000 0 Tim Buckley 2,000,000 2.0 % 2,000,000 0 Rachael Knowles 2,000,000 2.0 % 2,000,000 0 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION This is a self-underwritten offering. There are no plans or arrangements to enter into any contracts or agreements to sell the Shares with a broker or dealer. Officers and Directors will sell the shares and intends to offer them to friends, family members and business acquaintances with no commission or other remuneration payable to him for any Shares they sell. In offering the securities on our behalf, he will rely on the safe harbor from broker-dealer registration set out in Rule 3a4-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 15 Our Officers and Directors will not register as a broker-dealer pursuant to Section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, in reliance upon Rule 3a4-1, which sets forth those conditions under which a person associated with an issuer, may participate in the offering of the issuer's securities and not be deemed to be a broker-dealer. Our Officers and Directors satisfy the requirements of Rule 3a4-1, because they: (a) are not subject to a statutory disqualification, as that term is defined in Section 3(a)(39)of the Act, at the time of his participation; and (b) will not be compensated in connection with his participation by the payment of commissions or other remuneration based either directly or indirectly on transactions in securities neither he will be compensated in any other forms with the proceeds of this offering; and (c) are not, nor will they be at the time of his participation in the offering, an associated person of a broker-dealer; and (d) meet the conditions of paragraph (a)(4)(ii) of Rule 3a4-1 of the Exchange Act, in that they (A) primarily performs, or is intended primarily to perform at the end of the offering, substantial duties for or on behalf of our company, other than in connection with transactions in securities; and (B) each is not a broker or dealer, or been associated person of a broker or dealer, within the preceding twelve months; and (C) have not participated in selling and offering securities for any Issuer more than once every twelve months other than in reliance on Paragraphs (a)(4)(i) or (a)(4)(iii). We will not utilize the internet to advertise our offering. Our Officers and Directors will distribute the Prospectus to potential investors at meetings, to business associates and to his friends and relatives who are interested in us and a possible investment in the offering. No shares purchased in this offering will be subject to any kind of lock-up agreement. Our Officers and Directors do not intend to purchase any shares in this offering. As represented to us by the Selling Shareholders, none of the Selling Shareholders are broker-dealers or affiliates of broker-dealers. 16 SECTION 15(G) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT Section 15(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rules 15g-1 through 15g-6 and Rule 15g-9 promulgated there under, impose additional sales practice requirements on broker/dealers who sell our securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally institutions with assets in excess of $90,250,000 or individuals with net worth in excess of $1,000,000 or annual income exceeding $200,000 or $300,000 jointly with their spouses). While Section 15(g) and Rules 15g-1 through 15g-6 apply to brokers-dealers, they do not apply to us. Rule 15g-1 exempts a number of specific transactions from the scope of the penny stock rules. Rule 15g-2 declares unlawful broker/dealer transactions in penny stocks unless the broker/dealer has first provided to the customer a standardized disclosure document. Rule 15g-3 provides that it is unlawful for a broker/dealer to engage in a penny stock transaction unless the broker/dealer first discloses and subsequently confirms to the customer current quotation prices or similar market information concerning the penny stock in question. Rule 15g-4 prohibits broker/dealers from completing penny stock transactions for a customer unless the broker/dealer first discloses to the customer the amount of compensation or other remuneration received as a result of the penny stock transaction. Rule 15g-5 requires that a broker/dealer executing a penny stock transaction, other than one exempt under Rule 15g-1, disclose to its customer, at the time of or prior to the transaction, information about the sales persons compensation. Rule 15g-6 requires broker/dealers selling penny stocks to provide their customers with monthly account statements. Rule 15g-9 requires broker/dealers to approve the transaction for the customer's account; obtain a written agreement from the customer setting forth the identity and quantity of the stock being purchased; obtain from the customer information regarding her investment experience; make a determination that the investment is suitable for the investor; deliver to the customer a written statement for the basis for the suitability determination; notify the customer of her rights and remedies in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions; and, the FINRA's toll free telephone number and the central number of the North American Securities Administrators Association, for information on the disciplinary history of broker/dealers and their associated persons. The application of the penny stock rules may affect your ability to resell your shares. TERMS OF THE OFFERING This Prospectus Offering consists of a) a total of 10,000,000 shares (the "Shares") of our common stock on a "self-underwritten" basis at a fixed price of $0.05 per share and b) the shareholders named in this prospectus, “Selling Shareholders”, who are registering in the aggregate, 9,000,000 shares of common stock that such Selling Shareholders currently hold. The Selling Shareholders will be offering shares at a fixed price of $0.05 per share until our common stock becomes quoted or listed but the Company is offering our shares at a fixed price of $0.05 for the duration of the offering. We will not receive any proceeds from the shares of common stock sold by the Selling Shareholders. There is no minimum for this Offering. The Offering will commence promptly on the date upon which this prospectus is declared effective by the SEC and will continue for 180 days. At the discretion of our board of directors, we may discontinue the offering before expiration of the 180 day period or extend the offering for up to 180 days following the expiration of the 180 day offering period. We will pay all expenses incurred in this offering. We are an “emerging growth company” under applicable Securities and Exchange Commission rules and will be subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. The offering of the 19,000,000 shares is a “best efforts” offering, which means that our Officers and Directors will use their best efforts to sell the common stock and there is no commitment by any person to purchase any shares. The shares will be offered at a fixed price of $0.05 per share for the duration of the offering. The shares will be sold at the fixed price until the common stock becomes quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, OTCQX, OTCQB or listed on a securities exchange. The Selling Shareholders will be offering shares at a fixed price of $0.05 per share until our common stock becomes quoted or listed but the Company is offering our shares at a fixed price of $0.05 for the duration of the offering. There is no minimum number of shares required to be sold to close the offering, therefore the gross proceeds may range between $0 and $500,000. Proceeds from the sale of the shares will be used to fund the initial stages of our business development. We have not made any arrangements to place funds received from share subscriptions in an escrow, trust or similar account. Any funds raised from the offering will be immediately available to us for our immediate use. We have agreed to bear all of the expenses incurred in connection with the registration of these shares. The Selling Shareholders will pay or assume brokerage commissions and similar charges, if any, incurred for the sale of shares of their common stock. This is a direct participation offering since we are offering the stock directly to the public without the participation of an underwriter. Our Officers and Directors will be solely responsible for selling shares under this offering for the Company and no commission will be paid on any sales. The Selling Shareholders will be responsible for selling their own shares. PROCEDURES AND REQUIREMENTS FOR SUBSCRIPTION If you decide to subscribe for any shares in this offering, you will be required to execute a Subscription Agreement and tender it, together with a check or certified funds to us. Subscriptions, once received by the company, are irrevocable. RIGHT TO REJECT SUBSCRIPTIONS We maintain the right to accept or reject subscriptions in whole or in part, for any reason or for no reason. All monies from rejected subscriptions will be returned immediately by us to the subscriber, without interest or deductions. Subscriptions for securities will be accepted or rejected within 48 hours of our having received them. 17 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES TO BE REGISTERED CAPITAL STOCK Our authorized capital stock consists of 500,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.001 per share. COMMON STOCK The holders of our common stock currently have (i) equal ratable rights to dividends from funds legally available therefore, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors of the Company; (ii) are entitled to share ratably in all of the assets of the Company available for distribution to holders of common stock upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company (iii) do not have preemptive, subscription or conversion rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights applicable thereto; and (iv) are entitled to one non-cumulative vote per share on all matters on which stock holders may vote. NON-CUMULATIVE VOTING Holders of shares of our common stock do not have cumulative voting rights, which means that the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding shares, voting for the election of Directors, can elect all of the Directors to be elected, if they so choose, and, in that event, the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any of our Directors. After this offering is completed, assuming the sale of all of the shares of common stock, our present stockholders (all of whom are Officers and Directors) will own approximately 83% of our outstanding shares and our President, William Atlan will still own approximately 51% himself, even if all 10,000,000 shares being offered by the Company are sold. Please refer to the Company's Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws and the applicable statutes of the State of Nevada for a more complete description of the rights and liabilities of holders of the Company's securities. PREFERRED STOCK We do not have an authorized class of preferred stock at this time. OPTIONS, WARRANTS AND RIGHTS There are no outstanding options, warrants, or similar rights to purchase any of our securities. SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE RESALE GENERAL There is no public market for our common stock. We cannot predict the effect, if any, that market sales of shares of our common stock or the availability of shares of our common stock for sale will have on the market price of our common stock. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market could adversely affect the market prices of our common stock and could impair our future ability to raise capital through the sale of our equity securities. Upon completion of this offering, based on our outstanding shares as of May 6, 2016, we will have outstanding an aggregate of 109,250,000 shares of our common stock. Of these shares, upon effectiveness of the registration statement of which this Prospectus forms a part, the 10,000,000 shares covered hereby will be freely transferable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act. The remaining 90,250,000 restricted shares of common stock to be outstanding are owned by our Officers and Directors, each known as our "affiliate," and may not be resold in the public market except in compliance with the registration requirements of the Securities Act or under an exemption under Rule 144 or Regulation S under the Securities Act, if available, or otherwise. 18 INTERESTS OF NAMED EXPERTS AND COUNSEL No expert or counsel named in this Prospectus as having prepared or certified any part of this Prospectus or having given an opinion upon the validity of the securities being registered or upon other legal matters in connection with the registration or offering of the common stock was employed on a contingency basis, or had, or is to receive, in connection with the offering, a substantial interest exceeding $50,000 directly or indirectly, in the Company or any of its parents or subsidiaries nor was any such person connected with Atlan Media, Inc. or any of its parents or subsidiaries as a promoter, managing or principal underwriter, voting trustee, Director, Officer, or employee. EXPERTS Weinberg & Baer, LLC, our independent registered public accounting firm, has audited our financial statements included in this Prospectus and registration statement to the extent and for the periods set forth in their audit report. LEGAL MATTERS RULE 144 SHARES Currently, none of our securities may be resold pursuant to Rule 144. The securities sold in this offering can only be resold through registration under Section 5 of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 4(1), if available, for non-affiliates or by meeting the conditions of Rule 144(i). A holder of our securities may not rely on the safe harbor from being deemed statutory underwriter under Section 2(11) of the Securities Act, as provided by Rule 144, to resell his or her securities. "Form 10 information" is, generally speaking, the same type of information as we are required to disclose in this Prospectus, but without an offering of securities. Matheau J. W. Stout, Esq. has opined on the validity of the shares of common stock being offered hereby. Instruction 1 to Item 509 of Regulation S-K requires disclosing whether the interest of any expert or counsel named in the Prospectus exceeds $50,000. The interest of any expert or counsel named in the Prospectus does not exceed $50,000 according to Instruction 1 Item 509 of Regulation S-K. DESCRIPTION OF OUR BUSINESS OVERVIEW We were incorporated on April 1, 2016 in the State of Nevada. We have never been involved in any reclassification, merger, consolidation or purchase or sale of a significant amount of assets nor have we ever declared bankruptcy, been in receivership, or been involved in any legal action or proceedings. EMERGING GROWTH COMPANY STATUS Because we generated less than $1 billion in total annual gross revenues during our most recently completed fiscal year, we qualify as an "emerging growth company" under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups ("JOBS") Act. We will lose our emerging growth company status on the earliest occurrence of any of the following events: 1. on the last day of any fiscal year in which we earn at least $1 billion in total annual gross revenues, which amount is adjusted for inflation every five years; 2. on the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the fifth anniversary of the date of our first sale of common equity securities pursuant to an effective registration statement; 19 3. on the date on which we have, during the previous 3-year period, issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt; or 4. the date on which such issuer is deemed to be a `large accelerated filer', as defined in section 240.12b-2 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto." A "large accelerated filer" is an issuer that, at the end of its fiscal year, meets the following conditions: 1. it has an aggregate worldwide market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by its non-affiliates of $700 million or more as of the last business day of the issuer's most recently completed second fiscal quarter; 2. It has been subject to the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Act for a period of at least twelve calendar months; and 3. It has filed at least one annual report pursuant to section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Act. As an emerging growth company, exemptions from the following provisions are available to us: 1. Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which requires auditor attestation of internal controls; 2. Section 14A(a) and (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which require companies to hold shareholder advisory votes on executive compensation and golden parachute compensation; 3. Section 14(i) of the Exchange Act (which has not yet been implemented), which requires companies to disclose the relationship between executive compensation actually paid and the financial performance of the company; 4. Section 953(b)(1) of the Dodd-Frank Act (which has not yet been implemented), which requires companies to disclose the ratio between the annual total compensation of the CEO and the median of the annual total compensation of all employees of the companies; and 5. The requirement to provide certain other executive compensation disclosure under Item 402 of Regulation S-K. Instead, an emerging growth company must only comply with the more limited provisions of Item 402 applicable to smaller reporting companies, regardless of the issuer's size. Pursuant to Section 107 of the JOBS Act, an emerging growth company may choose to forgo such exemption and instead comply with the requirements that apply to an issuer that is not an emerging growth company. We have elected under this section of the JOBS Act to maintain our status as an emerging growth company and take advantage of the JOBS Act provisions relating to complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act. BUSINESS OF ISSUER THE COMPANY Atlan Media, Inc. was incorporated in the State of Nevada on April 1, 2016. Our offices are located at Level 19, 1 O'Connell Street NSW, Sydney, 2000, Australia. We are a development stage company with no earnings to date and operations and assets consistent with our age, with a focus on early-stage business activities such as proof of concept development, and promoting our new technology. Since incorporation, management has developed a detailed business plan and capitalized the Company with a cash infusion of $1,633,484. We are extremely experienced in Digital Marketing with a combined years of 21 in this young however lucrative industry. With this experience, our proprietary platform, no monthly share its contents or ideas with third parties without the express written consent of the plan author. minimum spend contracts - Atlan Media™ will be the goto place for Ad Buyers & Agencies the world over. INDUSTRY Digital Media Buyers & Sellers are hungry for premium tier-1 desktop & mobile web traffic to leading ad campaigns of the world . Specifically, they are hungry for options that are fast, reliable, flexible, fully managed, with tools and support to effectively and efficiently run successful campaigns. Cost Per Click (CPC) and Cost per 1000 Impressions (CPM) premium traffic is in demand. Our new service and web-based advertising management platform offers Agencies, Media Buyers, and Corporates access to over 70% of comScore top 100 websites of the world in one easy to use platform. We achieve this via exchange partnerships with Google, Epom, OpenX, and more. DESCRIPTION OF PRODUCT OR SERVICES Our core advantage is our intellectual property / our ad serving platform. Developed from the ground up to be an industry leading online advertising campaign management platform, William was working on the platform for 4 months between September 2015 - January 2016. We have not reinvented the wheel, however streamlined it and packed it with all in one tools that competition charges separately for. The Atlan Media™ Ad Platform is able to handle any type of online advertising including desktop, mobile, app, video, search, and email advertising. It provides a range of targeting, limitation, pacing and optimization tools. The campaign reporting section we built is up to the minute reporting, an industry first (costs more in servers pinging every 60 seconds, however is in demand). We also built a monetisation section to allow website & network owners the ability to provide traffic in exchange for revenue sharing. They are provided a web login to receive ad codes, view reporting, and receive payments. 20 Technology The Atlan Media™ Online Advertising Management Platform (Atlan Ad Center) is a proprietary in-house developed fully featured ad buying and monetisation web based platform that allows advertisers and publishers to effectively and efficiently managed advertising campaign and traffic sales. Developed over a 4 month period between September 2015 - January 2016 by William Atlan and a handful of external developers (hired as consultants with no claim on technology) – the platform is industry leading with every feature included in one offering, rather than breaking up mobile/desktop/app into separate offerings. We developed up to the minute reporting. It costs a little extra as we are pinging servers every 60 seconds for reports, however allows Real Time Bidders the ability to see which ads are performing on a minute by minute basis. Key Metrics Our focus right now is on the most basic metrics: daily revenue, building our monetization network of earners, payroll, and profit margins. Server instances are expensive, especially when purchased in small groups, and Ad Network's like ours are inherently low-margin operations. TARGET MARKET AND CLIENTS Market We expect our strongest market segments to be large Online Digital Media Agencies in Major World centres including New York City, Sydney, London, Hong Kong, Dubai. According to our research there is more than 1200 Agencies in these five cities alone. REVENUE We were incorporated on April 1, 2016 and to date have earned $0 in revenue. Use of Funds The biggest ongoing expenses for Atlan Media will be server infrastructure (ad serving costs roughly 11% of Client Ad Spend), and general payroll expenses. Future expenses include office lease, payroll, telecommunications & internet, office equipment, and various other sundries. Sources of Funds Atlan Media™ is self funded. The Officers and Directors of the Company invested a total of $1,633,484 in cash to fund the Company on April 9, 2016. Our financial statements from inception (April 1, 2016) through April 30, 2016 report revenue of $0, net loss of ($165,246), and total assets of $1,641,209 including cash balance of $1,632,109, which was generated from the sale of 90,250,000 shares of restricted common stock to our Officers and Directors, and advances from Director's loans. We have sufficient cash on hand to meet our anticipated operational needs for at least a year. We currently do not have any written agreements in place for any investments or loans from third parties. We seek to raise capital to expand our operations. MARKETING STRATEGY Marketing Plan With over two million potential clients who advertise globally on a daily basis, Atlan Media will focus an email campaign on a select group of 50,000 businesses each fiscal quarter. We estimate a five percent response rate to the campaign which will generate 1,250 leads. These leads will then be used to generate business contacts. Over the year, we will generate 5,000 leads. Sales Plan Atlan Media's sales strategy is simple. We will use the email marketing campaign directed at our client base as a model of what we can accomplish for them. We anticipate that online companies will be most accessible to our services. We will be successful with offline companies overtime, but initially sales will be weak with this group. COMPETITION AND COMPETITIVE STRATEGY Competition Our closest competition is a company called OpenX. OpenX is a Real Time Bidding Exchange. The difference between us and OpenX is that our platform includes all features in one offering. OpenX breaks up different ad types and charges a minimum spend for each type (mobile, desktop, video). Atlan Media™ will takeaway a lot of business from OpenX for this reason alone. 21 SOURCES AND AVAILABILITY OF PRODUCTS AND SUPPLIES We believe that our Officers and Directors’ industry experience and connections will enable us to develop the various aspects of the business. We believe there are no constraints on the sources or availability of products, materials and supplies related to. DEPENDENCE ON ONE OR A FEW MAJOR CUSTOMERS As a development stage company, we currently have only 6 customers (generated $0 in revenue to date) we plan to extend our market in the near future. PATENT, TRADEMARK, LICENSE & FRANCHISE RESTRICTIONS AND CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS & CONCESSIONS There are no known circumstances associated with this industry, or any of the products or services that we expect to be providing that would give rise to any patent, trademark or license infringements or violations. We have not entered into any franchise agreements or other contracts that have given, or could give rise to obligations or concessions. Out web domain and IP address as well as company information will be protected by our domain host. We are currently exploring the possibility of filing applicable patents, copyrights for our technology and business processes and a trade mark for our brand name. 22 GOVERNMENTAL AND INDUSTRY REGULATIONS We will be subject to federal and state laws and regulations that relate directly or indirectly to our operations including federal securities laws. We will also be subject to common business and tax rules and regulations pertaining to the normal business operations. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES AND COSTS We have not yet spent any money on R&D. COMPLIANCE WITH ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS Our operations are not subject to any environmental laws. FACILITIES Locations & Facilities The Company receives free office space on a month to month basis from a related entity, Atlan Media, Ltd. and Australian company beneficially owned and controlled by our Officers and Directors (“Atlan Australia”). Atlan Australia signed a one-year lease for a commercially zoned office space in Sydney CBD, Australia. The space has the growth abilities and can accomodate up to 24 employees on a fulltime basis. This location provides us walking access to 80% of Australia's leading Ad Agencies and Ad Networks, who spend upwards of $4b per annum. We plan to open an office in New York City in September/October 2016. EMPLOYEES We have commenced only limited operations, and currently have three employees - our Officers and Directors, each of whom devotes their full time to our operations. REPORTS TO STOCKHOLDERS We are not currently a reporting company, but upon effectiveness of the registration statement, of which this Prospectus forms a part, we will be required to file reports with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These reports include annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. Copies of these reports from the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE., Washington, DC 20549, on official business days during the hours of 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. or on the SEC's website, at www.sec.gov. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. We will also make these reports available on our website, www.atlanmedia.com DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY Equipment & Tools We purchased 2x Dell XPS Servers, and 4 iMac Desktop Computers for use in the office. Atlan Media™ is heavily online based and as such does not require standard equipment and tools of other business models. We are currently operating out of the premises leased by Atlan Australia, on a month-to-month, rent-free basis during our development stage. We consider our current principal office space arrangement adequate. LEGAL MATTERS We know of no existing or pending legal proceedings against us, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which any of our Directors, Officer or any of their respective affiliates, or any beneficial stockholder, is an adverse party, or has a material interest adverse to our interest. Our address for service of process in Nevada is 1805 N. Carson Street, Suite X Carson City, NV 89701. MANAGEMENT Data concerning company executives as of the date of this Prospectus: Name Age Position William Atlan 30 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Chris MacDonald 33 Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, and Director Robert Jordan 34 Chief Operating Officer, Secretary, and Director The persons named above have held their offices/positions since the inception of our company and are expected to hold their offices/positions until the next annual meeting of our stockholders. 23 BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION Set forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of our executive Officers: WILLIAM ATLAN, Chief Executive Officer, Officers and Directors Experienced marketing & advertising expert with core experience in online digital ad buying and traffic selling. Campaign planning, ROI optimisation, and Advertiser sales are Will’s forte. Born 4 July 1985 in Sydney, NSW, Australia. EXPERIENCE CEO, ATLAN MEDIA PTY LTD — 2015-PRESENT Founder & Investor of Atlan Media Pty Ltd. From August 2015 - January 2016 Will developed the Atlan Media Ad Center, our proprietary core ad & monetization management platform. Developed with all levels of ad buyer in mind, the Atlan Media Ad Center is core to the success of Atlan Media. Daily tasks involve day-to-day running of the company, business development, tradeshow attendance & sponsorships, partner development, PR, and social media. INDEPENDANT FREELANCE CONSULTANT — 2007-2015 Over 9 years as a freelance digital expert working with global brands including Coca- Cola, Emirates Airlines, Starwood Group and many more. Will introduced high traffic partners to various ad buyers directly, managed campaigns for said ad buyers, optimised campaigns, creative development working with a 3rd party design team. Will gave up a high 6-figure income to fund and found Atlan Media Pty Ltd. EDUCATION Macquarie University - Masters in International Business - 2008 Major: Advertising & Marketing Management Sydney, NSW, Australia CHRIS MACDONALD, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director Accountant with over 6 years on-the-job experience specialising in Taxation, and Small Business Accounting. Born on 17 April 1983 in Perth, Western Australia. EXPERIENCE CFO, ATLAN MEDIA PTY LTD — 2016-PRESENT Joined Atlan Media in 2016 as a co-founder having invested personally in the venture. Chris’ role is as the financial controller of the company, handling all aspects of payments incoming/outgoing, taxation preparation & planning, payroll, and other general administrative tasks. TAXATION SPECIALIST, CHRIS MACDONALD & CO — 2008 - 2015 Started a boutique accounting practise with brother. Practice is still operating however Chris is no longer involved having joined Atlan Media as co-founder. Tasks included all aspects of small business & individual accounting. Most work involved preparing & claiming tax refunds, GST refunds, PAYG allowance, and business planning. EDUCATION Bachelor of Accounting, La Trobe University - Accounting - 2008 Melbourne City, Victoria, Australia ROBERT JORDAN, Chief Operating Officer, Secretary and Director EXPERIENCE Head of Sales / Director, Atlan Media Pty Ltd — 2016-present Joined Will & Chris at Atlan Media Pty Ltd in January 2016 to head sales for the new platform to tier-1 brands focusing on top verticals including Shopping, Travel, Finance, Insurance, Automotive. Tapping my rolodex of clients collected over many years of experience will be key to Atlan Media successes. Freelance Ad Sales, Individual, Sydney Australia — 2004-2016 Acted as a consultant for many of the top websites of the world. Selling their traffic to major ad buyers including Wells Fargo, Matchbox, SeaWorld, Bayer and plenty more. Amassed a rolodex of more than 1200 direct global ad buyers and maintained relationships with most. Campaigns included mobile, desktop, and YouTube video ad campaigns. 24 EDUCATION University of New South Wales (Sydney) — Bachelor of Marketing - 2006 Major: Advertising & Marketing, Sales During the past ten years, Mr. Atlan, Mr. MacDonald and Mr. Jordan have not been the subject of any the following events: 1. Any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which either were a general partner or executive Officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time. 2. Any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding. 3. An order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, or any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting either Mr. Atlan or Mr. MacDonald or Mr. Jordan’s involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities. 4. Found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Future Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. BOARD COMPOSITION Our Bylaws provide that the Board of Directors shall consist of at least one member, and that our shareholders shall determine the number of Directors from time to time. Each Director serves a term expiring at the next annual shareholders meeting and until his successor is elected and qualified, or until his resignation, removal from office, or death. COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS We do not presently have a separately constituted audit committee, compensation committee, nominating committee, executive committee or any other committees of our Board of Directors. Nor do we have an audit committee "financial expert." As such, our entire Board of Directors acts as our audit committee and handles matters related to compensation and nominations of Directors. POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST Since we do not have an audit or compensation committee comprised of independent Directors, such functions that would have been performed by such committees are performed by our Officers and Directors. Thus, there is an inherent conflict of interest. DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE As of the date of this Registration Statement filed on Form S-1, we have no independent Directors. SIGNIFICANT EMPLOYEES We have no significant employees other than the executive Officers described earlier. INVOLVEMENT IN CERTAIN LEGAL PROCEEDINGS No Director, person nominated to become a Director, Executive Officer, promoter or control person of our company has, during the last ten years: (i) been convicted in or is currently subject to a pending a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (ii) been a party to a civil proceeding of a judicial or administrative body of competent jurisdiction and as a result of such proceeding was or is subject to a judgment, decree or final order enjoining future violations of, or prohibiting or mandating activities subject to any federal or state securities or banking or commodities laws including, without limitation, in any way limiting involvement in any business activity, or finding any violation with respect to such law, nor (iii) any bankruptcy petition been filed by or against the business of which such person was an executive Officer or a general partner, whether at the time of the bankruptcy or for the two years prior thereto. STOCKHOLDER COMMUNICATIONS WITH THE BOARD We have not implemented a formal policy or procedure by which our stockholders can communicate directly with our Board of Directors. Nevertheless, every effort will be made to ensure that the views of stockholders are heard by the Board of Directors, and that appropriate responses are provided to stockholders in a timely manner. During the upcoming year, our Board will continue to monitor whether it would be appropriate to adopt such a process. 25 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Since our incorporation on April 1, 2016, we have not compensated and have no arrangements to compensate our Officers and Directors for their services. However, we anticipate that our Officers and Directors will receive compensation from the Company once cash flow that we generate from operations significantly exceeds our total expenses. We have not granted any stock options to anyone; there are no stock option, retirement, pension, or profit sharing plans for the benefit of our Officers and Directors; we have not entered into any employment or consulting agreements with our Officers and Directors. However, as majority shareholder of the Company, Mr. Atlan effectively has the power to set his own compensation. The following table sets forth the compensation paid by us for the period from inception until April 30, 2016 and subsequent thereto, for our Officers and Directors. This information includes the dollar value of base salaries, bonus awards and number of stock options granted, and certain other compensation, if any. The compensation addresses all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our named executive Officers. Change in Pension Value and Non-Equity Nonqualified Name and Incentive Deferred Principal Stock Option Plan Compensation All Other Position Year Salary($) Bonus($) Awards($) Awards($) Compensation($) Earnings($) Compensation($) Totals($) William Atlan 2016 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Chris MacDonald 2016 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director Robert Jordan 2016 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Chief Operating Officer, Treasurer and Director OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT APRIL 30, 2016 We do not currently have a stock option plan or any other long-term incentive plans that intend to serve as an incentive for performance. No individual grants of stock options or other equity incentive awards have been made to our Executive Officers since inception; accordingly, none were outstanding at April 30, 2016. EMPLOYMENT CONTRACTS, TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT, CHANGE-IN-CONTROL ARRANGEMENTS There are currently no employment or other contracts or arrangements with our Executive Officers. There are no compensation plans or arrangements, including payments to be made by us, with respect to our Officers or Directors that would result from the resignation, retirement or any other termination of such person. There are no arrangements for our Directors or Officers that would result from a change-in-control. LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN AWARDS We do not have any long-term incentive plans that provide compensation intended to serve as incentive for performance. DIRECTORS COMPENSATION The members of our Board of Directors are not compensated for their services. The Board has not implemented a plan to award options to any Directors. There are no contractual arrangements with any member of the Board of Directors. We have no Director's service contracts in place. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS Other than the transactions discussed below, none of the following parties have, since the date of incorporation, had any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction with us or in any presently proposed transaction that has or will materially affect us: - The Officers and Directors; - Any Person proposed as a nominee for election as a Director; 26 - Any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, shares carrying more than 5% of the voting rights attached to the outstanding shares of common stock; - Any relative or spouse of any of the foregoing persons who have the same house as such person. On April 9, 2016, we have issued an aggregate of 90,250,000 shares of our common stock to Officers and Directors for a purchase price of $0.018 per share or for aggregate consideration of $1,633,484. The shares were issued under Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933. On April 9, 2016, we have issued an aggregate of 9,000,000 shares of our common stock to the Selling Shareholders, four Non Affiliate shareholders for services related to building our proprietary ad platform at $0 per share or for aggregate consideration of $0. The shares were issued under Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933. Since inception date of April 1, 2016 until April 30, 2016, we have received $10,075 in shareholder advances from our Officers and Directors. These loans are unsecured, non-interest bearing with no fixed terms of repayment. Our business plan contemplates eventually entering into formal employment agreements with our Officers and Directors for their management services for set monthly consideration. However, we do not anticipate entering into such agreements until our cash flow from operations justifies such agreements. We have not entered into any other transaction, nor are there any proposed transactions, in which our Officers and Directors, or any significant stockholder, or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing, had or is to have a direct or indirect material interest. Our Officers and Directors may be considered promoters of the Company due to their participation in and management of the business since our incorporation. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT On April 9, 2016, we issued an aggregate of 90,250,000 shares of our common stock to our Officers and Directors for aggregate consideration of $1,633,484. The following table sets forth the information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of May 6, 2016 for our Officers and Directors. There is no other person or group of affiliated persons, known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of our common stock. We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. These rules generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities to persons who possess sole or shared voting power or investment power with respect to those securities. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Unless otherwise indicated, the person identified in this table has sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares shown as beneficially owned by him, subject to applicable community property laws. The percentage ownership information shown in the table below is calculated based on 90,250,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of May 6, 2016. We do not have any outstanding options, warrants or other securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of our common stock. All figures in this table assume the issuance and subsequent disposition of all shares. As represented to us by the Selling Shareholders, none of the Selling Shareholders are broker-dealers or affiliates of broker-dealers. The percentage in the column “Percentage of Share Owned Before Offering” was calculated by dividing the total number of shares owned prior to offering by the total issued and outstanding number of shares prior to the offering equivalent to 99,250,000 as of May 6, 2016. No. of No. of Percentage of Percentage of Name and Address Common Stock Common Stock Ownership Ownership of Beneficial Owner Before Offering After Offering Before Offering After Offering William Atlan 55,250,000 55,250,000 55.7 % 50.6 % Chris MacDonald 17,500,000 17,500,000 17.6 % 16.0 % Robert Jordan 17,500,000 17,500,000 17.6 % 16.0 % Officers and Directors (3 persons) 90,250,000 90,250,000 90.9 % 82.6 % The address for each person listed in the table above is Atlan Media, Inc., Level 19, 1 O’Connell Street, NSW, Sydney, 2000, AUSTRALIA. Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our Directors and Executive Officers, and persons who own more than ten percent of our common stock, to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes of ownership of our common stock. Officers, Directors and greater than ten percent stockholders are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 27 DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, may be permitted to our Directors, Officers or persons controlling us, we have been advised that it is the Securities and Exchange Commission's opinion that such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in such act and is, therefore, unenforceable. 28 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and other financial information included elsewhere in this Prospectus. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Prospectus, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business and related financing, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should review the "Risk Factors" section of this Prospectus for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. Our cash balance was $1,632,109 as of April 30, 2016. We believe our cash balance is sufficient to fund our anticipated levels of operations for at least one year. We have been utilizing funds received from our Officers and Directors in the form of loans and the purchase of shares. Being a development stage company, we have very limited operating history. After twelve months period we may need additional financing, for which we currently don't have any arrangements. We do not currently have an office in the United States but our address for service of process in Nevada is 1805 N. Carson Street, Suite X Carson City, NV 89701. Our principal executive office is located at Level 19, 1 O’Connell Street, NSW, Sydney, 2000, Australia. We have generated revenues of $0 up to April 30, 2016; no significant additional revenue is anticipated until we complete our initial business development. There is no assurance we will ever reach that stage. To increase our cash surplus and provide additional capital for expansion we are attempting to raise money from this offering. We believe that we will be able to raise enough money through this offering to expand our proposed operations. At the present time, we have not made any arrangements to raise additional cash, other than through this offering. We are an "emerging growth company" as defined in the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not "emerging growth companies" including, but not limited to: not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements; exemptions from the requirements of holding an annual non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and nonbinding stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an "emerging growth company" can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an "emerging growth company" can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We are choosing to "opt out" of such extended transition period, and as a result, we will comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that our decision to opt out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards is irrevocable. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FROM INCEPTION ON APRIL 1, 2016 TO APRIL 30, 2016 From inception to April 30, 2016, our operating expenses were comprised of general and administrative expenses of $165,246. We have generated revenue of $0. We anticipate a substantial increase in our legal and accounting fees over the course of the next 12 months as a result of becoming a reporting company with the SEC up to $30,000. Since inception, we sold 90,250,000 shares of common stock to our Officers and Director for $1,633,484. On April 9, 2016, we have issued an aggregate of 9,000,000 shares of our common stock to the Selling Shareholders, four Non Affiliate shareholders for services related to building our proprietary ad platform at $0 per share or for aggregate consideration of $0. The shares were issued under Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933. ACTIVITIES TO DATE A substantial portion of our activities to date has involved developing a business plan. Our team has also developed Plan of Operations. We have established the company office and provided information session and consulting about our services to prospective customers. PLAN OF OPERATIONS We anticipate that our legal and accounting fees will increase to $30,000 over the next 12 months as a result of becoming a reporting company with the SEC. 29 Executive Summary Problem Digital Media Buyers & Sellers are hungry for premium tier-1 desktop & mobile web traffic to leading ad campaigns of the world . Specifically, they are hungry for options that are fast, reliable, flexible, fully managed, with tools and support to effectively and efficiently run successful campaigns. Cost Per Click (CPC) and Cost per 1000 Impressions (CPM) premium traffic is in demand. Solution Our new service and web-based advertising management platform offers Agencies, Media Buyers, and Corporates access to over 70% of comScore top 100 websites of the world in one easy to use platform. We achieve this via exchange partnerships with Google, Epom, OpenX, and more. Market We expect our strongest market segments to be large Online Digital Media Agencies in Major World centres including New York City, Sydney, London, Hong Kong, Dubai. According to our research there is more than 1200 Agencies in these five cities alone. Competition Our closest competition is a company called OpenX. OpenX is a Real Time Bidding Exchange. The difference between us and OpenX is that our platform includes all features in one offering. OpenX breaks up different ad types and charges a minimum spend for each type (mobile, desktop, video). Atlan Media™ will takeaway a lot of business from OpenX for this reason alone. Why Us? We are extremely experienced in Digital Marketing with a combined years of 21 in this young however lucrative industry. With this experience, our proprietary platform, no monthly share its contents or ideas with third parties without the express written consent of the plan author. minimum spend contracts - Atlan Media™ will be the goto place for Ad Buyers & Agencies the world over. Our core advantage is our intellectual property / our ad serving platform. Developed from the ground up to be an industry leading online advertising campaign management platform, William was working on the platform for 4 months between September 2015 - January 2016. We have not reinvented the wheel, however streamlined it and packed it with all in one tools that competition charges separately for. The Atlan Media™ Ad Platform is able to handle any type of online advertising including desktop, mobile, app, video, search, and email advertising. It provides a range of targeting, limitation, pacing and optimization tools. The campaign reporting section we built is up to the minute reporting, an industry first (costs more in servers pinging every 60 seconds, however is in demand). We also built a monetisation section to allow website & network owners the ability to provide traffic in exchange for revenue sharing. They are provided a web login to receive ad codes, view reporting, and receive payments. Execution Marketing & Sales Marketing Plan With over two million potential clients who advertise globally on a daily basis, Atlan Media will focus an email campaign on a select group of 50,000 businesses each fiscal quarter. We estimate a five percent response rate to the campaign which will generate 1,250 leads. These leads will then be used to generate business contacts. Over the year, we will generate 5,000 leads. Sales Plan Atlan Media's sales strategy is simple. We will use the email marketing campaign directed at our client base as a model of what we can accomplish for them. We anticipate that online companies will be most accessible to our services. We will be successful with offline companies overtime, but initially sales will be weak with this group. Operations Locations & Facilities We recently signed a one-year lease for a commercially zoned office space in Sydney CBD, Australia. The space has the growth abilities and can accomodate up to 24 employees on a fulltime basis. This location provides us walking access to 80% of Australia's leading Ad Agencies and Ad Networks, who spend upwards of $4b per annum. We plan to open an office in New York City in September/October 2016. Technology The Atlan Media™ Online Advertising Management Platform (Atlan Ad Center) is a proprietary in-house developed fully featured ad buying and monetisation web based platform that allows advertisers and publishers to effectively and efficiently managed advertising campaign and traffic sales. Developed over a 4 month period between September 2015 - January 2016 by William Atlan and a handful of external developers (hired as consultants with no claim on technology) – the platform is industry leading with every feature included in one offering, rather than breaking up mobile/desktop/app into separate offerings. We developed up to the minute reporting. It costs a little extra as we are pinging servers every 60 seconds for reports, however allows Real Time Bidders the ability to see which ads are performing on a minute by minute basis. 30 Equipment & Tools We purchased 2x Dell XPS Servers, and 4 iMac Desktop Computers for use in the office. Atlan Media™ is heavily online based and as such does not require standard equipment and tools of other business models. Key Metrics Our focus right now is on the most basic metrics: daily revenue, building our monetization network of earners, payroll, and profit margins. Server instances are expensive, especially when purchased in small groups, and Ad Network's like ours are inherently low-margin operations. Financing Use of Funds The biggest ongoing expenses for Atlan Media will be server infrastructure (ad serving costs roughly 11% of Client Ad Spend), and general payroll expenses. Future expenses include office lease, payroll, telecommunications & internet, office equipment, and various other sundries. Sources of Funds Atlan Media™ is self funded. The Officers and Directors of the Company invested a total of $1,633,484 in cash to fund the Company on April 9, 2016. OFF BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES As of April 30, 2016, the Company had $1,632,109 cash and liabilities of $10,075. The available capital reserves of the Company are sufficient for the Company to remain operational for at least a year. Since inception, we have sold 90,250,000 shares of common stocks to our Officers and Directors, at a price of $0.018 per share, for aggregate proceeds of $1,633,484. Our Officers and Directors also provided $10,075 in short term loans to the company. LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY We have no historical financial information upon which to base an evaluation of our performance. We are in a start-up operation stages and have generated revenues of $0. We cannot guarantee we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources and possible cost overruns due to price and cost increases in services and products. 31 AVAILABLE INFORMATION We have not previously been required to comply with the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act. We have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 to register the securities offered by this Prospectus. For future information about us and the securities offered under this Prospectus, you may refer to the registration statement and to the exhibits filed as a part of the registration statement. In addition, after the effective date of this Prospectus, we will be required to file annual, quarterly and current reports, or other information with the SEC as provided by the Securities Exchange Act. You may read and copy any reports, statements or other information we file at the SEC's public reference facility maintained by the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Our SEC filings are available to the public through the SEC Internet site at www.sec.gov. DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES The Nevada General Corporation Law requires to indemnify Officers and Directors for any expenses incurred by any Officer or Director in connection with any actions or proceedings, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative, brought against such Officer or Director because of his or her status as an Officer or Director, to the extent that the Director or Officer has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of the action or proceeding. The Nevada General Corporation Law permits a corporation to indemnify an Officer or Director, even in the absence of an agreement to do so, for expenses incurred in connection with any action or proceeding if such Officer or Director acted in good faith and in a manner in which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and such indemnification is authorized by the stockholders, by a quorum of disinterested Directors, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion authorized by a majority vote of a quorum of Directors consisting of disinterested Directors, or by independent legal counsel in a written opinion if a quorum of disinterested Directors cannot be obtained. The Nevada General Corporation Law prohibits indemnification of a Director or Officer if a final adjudication establishes that the Officer's or Director's acts or omissions involved intentional misconduct, fraud, or a knowing violation of the law and were material to the cause of action. Despite the foregoing limitations on indemnification, the Nevada General Corporation Law may permit an Officer or Director to apply to the court for approval of indemnification even if the Officer or Director is adjudged to have committed intentional misconduct, fraud, or a knowing violation of the law. The Nevada General Corporation Law also provides that indemnification of Directors is not permitted for the unlawful payment of distributions, except for those Directors registering their dissent to the payment of the distribution. According to Article 11 of our Bylaws, we are authorized to indemnify our Directors to the fullest extent authorized under Nevada law subject to certain specified limitations. 32 Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be provided to Directors, Officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. WHERE YOU CAN GET MORE INFORMATION We have filed with the SEC a Registration Statement on Form S-1 (including exhibits) under the Securities Act with respect to the shares to be sold in this Offering. This Prospectus, which forms part of the Registration Statement, does not contain all the information set forth in the Registration Statement as some portions have been omitted in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. For further information with respect to our Company and the Shares offered in this Prospectus, reference is made to the Registration Statement, including the exhibits filed thereto, and the financial statements and notes filed as a part thereof. With respect to each such document filed with the SEC as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, reference is made to the exhibit for a more complete description of the matter involved. We are not currently subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"). As a result of the offering of the Shares of our common stock, we will become subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act, and, in accordance therewith, we will file quarterly and annual reports and other information with the SEC and send a copy of our annual report together with audited consolidated financial statements to each of our shareholders. The Registration Statement, such reports and other information may be inspected and copied at the Public Reference Room of the SEC located at 100 F Street, N. E., Washington, D. C. 20549. Copies of such materials, including copies of all or any portion of the Registration Statement, may be obtained from the Public Reference Room of the SEC at prescribed rates. You may call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 to obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room. Such materials may also be accessed electronically by means of the SEC's home page on the internet (http://www.sec.gov). 33 ATLAN MEDIA INC. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS APRIL 30, 2016 Report of Independent Registered Accounting Firm F-2 Financial Statements- Balance Sheet as of April 30, 2016 F-3 Statements of Operations for the Period from Inception, April 1, 2016 through April 30, 2016 F-4 Statement of Stockholders’ Equity for the Period from Inception, April 1, 2016 through April 30, 2016 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the Period from Inception, April 1, 2016 through April 30, 2016 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 F- 1 REPORT OF REGISTERED INDEPENDENT AUDITORS To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Atlan Media Inc.: We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Atlan Media Inc. as of April 30, 2016 and the related statements of operations, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for the period from inception, April 1, 2016, until April 30, 2016. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States of America). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Atlan Media Inc. as of April 30, 2016 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from inception, April 1, 2016, until April 30, 2016 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Respectfully submitted, Weinberg & Baer LLC Baltimore, Maryland May 3, 2016. F- 2 ATLAN MEDIA INC. Balance Sheet April 30, 2016 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash $ 1,632,109 Prepaid expenses 9,000 Total current assets 1,641,109 Fixed Assets 100 Total assets $ 1,641,209 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current Liabilities: Loans payable to related party $ 10,075 Total current liabilities 10,075 Commitments and Contingencies Stockholders' Equity: Common stock, 500,000,000 shares authorized, par value $0.001, 99,250,000 shares issued and outstanding 99,250 Additional paid in capital 1,697,130 Accumulated deficit (165,246 ) Total stockholders' equity 1,631,134 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity $ 1,641,209 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F- 3 ATLAN MEDIA INC. Statement of Operations April 1, 2016 (Inception) to April 30, 2016 Revenue $ - General and Administrative Expenses 165,246 Operating loss (165,246 ) Loss before income taxes (165,246 ) Provision for Income Taxes - Net loss $ (165,246 ) Basic and Diluted Loss Per Common Share $ (0.00 ) Weighted Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding 69,475,000 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F- 4 ATLAN MEDIA INC. Statement of Stockholder's Equity Additional Total Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Stockholder's Shares Amount Capital Deficit Equity Balances - April 1, 2016 (Inception ) - $ - $ - $ - $ - Shares issued for cash, $0.018 per share 90,250,000 90,250 1,543,234 - 1,633,484 Shares issued for services 9,000,000 9,000 153,896 162,896 Net loss for the period - - - (165,246 ) (165,246 ) Balance - April 30, 2016 99,250,000 99,250 1,697,130 (165,246 ) 1,631,134 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F- 5 ATLAN MEDIA INC. Statement of Cash Flows April 1, 2016 (Inception) to April 30, 2016 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net loss $ (165,246 ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Stock based compensation for services 162,896 Increase in prepaid expenses (9,000 ) Net cash used in operating activities (11,350 ) INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchase of equipment (100 ) Net cash used in investing activities (100 ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from issuance of common stock 1,633,484 Proceeds from related party loans 10,075 Net cash provided by financing activities 1,643,559 Net change in cash 1,632,109 Cash, Beginning of Period - Cash, End of Period $ 1,632,109 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid during the period for: Interest $ - Income taxes $ - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F- 6 ATLAN MEDIA INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS April 30. 2016 NOTE 1. GENERAL ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS ATLAN MEDIA Inc. (“the Company”) was incorporated under the laws of the state of Nevada on April 1, 2016. The Company has not yet realized any revenues from its planned operations. Atlan Media is a high-end Digital Advertising Network for selected Website Publishers & Ad Buyers specializing in web-based Cost Per Click and Cost Per Display advertising. NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING PRACTICES Basis of Accounting The Company’s financial statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting. The Company has elected a December 31 fiscal year end. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all highly liquid investments with maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Deferred Offering Costs The Company defers as other assets the direct incremental costs of raising capital until such time as the offering is completed. At the time of the completion of the offering, the costs are charged against the capital raised. Should the offering be terminated, deferred offering costs are charged to operations during the period in which the offering is terminated. Fixed Assets Property and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. at the following annual rates: Computer equipment 33% Fair Value of Financial Instruments The Company applies fair value accounting for all financial assets and liabilities and non-financial assets and liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis. The Company defines fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities, which are required to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which the Company would transact and the market-based risk measurements or assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, such as risks inherent in valuation techniques, transfer restrictions and credit risk. Fair value is estimated by applying the following hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels and bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement: Level 1 – Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 – Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. F- 7 Level 3 – Inputs that are generally unobservable and typically reflect management’s estimate of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. In accordance with the fair value accounting requirements, companies may choose to measure eligible financial instruments and certain other items at fair value. The Company has not elected the fair value option for any eligible financial instruments. As of April 30, 2016 the carrying value of loans that are required to be measured at fair value, approximated fair value due to the short-term nature and maturity of these instruments. Income Taxes A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary differences between financial and tax reporting and net operating loss carry forwards. Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change during the year of deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. When required, the Company records a liability for unrecognized tax positions, defined as the aggregate tax effect of differences between positions taken on tax returns and the benefits recognized in the financial statements. Tax positions are measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. No tax benefits are recognized for positions that do not meet this threshold. The Company has no uncertain tax positions that require the Company to record a liability. The Company recognizes penalties and interest associated with tax matters as part of the income tax provision and includes accrued interest and penalties with the related tax liability in the balance sheet. The Company had no accrued penalties and interest as of April 30, 2016. Loss per Share The basic loss per share is calculated by dividing our net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year. The diluted earnings (loss) per share is calculated by dividing our net loss by the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. The Company has not issued any potentially dilutive debt or equity securities. Recently issued accounting pronouncements The Company does not believe that there are any new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations. NOTE 3. INCOME TAXES The Company uses the liability method , where deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial and income tax reporting purposes. As of April 30, 2016, the Company has incurred net losses and, therefore, has no tax liability. The net deferred tax asset generated by the loss carry-forward has been fully reserved. As of April 30, 2016 the cumulative net operating loss carry-forward is approximately $165,246 and will expire 20 years from the year the loss was incurred. NOTE 4. STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Authorized The Company is authorized to issue 500,000,000 shares of $0.001 par value common stock. All common shares have equal voting rights, are non-assessable and have one vote per share. Voting rights are not cumulative and, therefore, the holders of more than 50% of the common stock could, if they choose to do so, elect all of the directors of the Company. Issued and Outstanding On April 9, 2016, the Company issued 90,250,000 common shares to officers and directors for cash consideration of $0.018 per share. The proceeds of $1,633,484 were received on April 9, 2016. F- 8 On April 9, 2016 the Company issued 9,000,000 common shares to consultants for services. The shares were valued at $0.018 per share. NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS On April 6, 2016, the Company purchased computer equipment and software for $100 from a related company. On April 9, 2016, the Company issued 90,250,000 common shares to officers and directors for cash consideration of $0.018 per share. As of April 30, 2016, loans from an officer and director amounted to $10,075 and represent working capital advances. The loans are unsecured, non-interest bearing, and due on demand. NOTE 6. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS The Company evaluated all events or transactions that occurred after April 30, 2016 through the date of this filing. The Company determined that it does not have any other subsequent event requiring recording or disclosure in the financial statements for the period ended April 30, 2016. F- 9 Until _________________, all dealers effecting transactions in these securities, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a Prospectus. This is in addition to the dealer's obligation to deliver a Prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to their unsold allotments or subscriptions. You should rely only on the information contained in this Prospectus. We have not authorized any dealer, salesperson or other person to give you different information. This Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell nor are they seeking an offer to buy the securities referred to in this Prospectus in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. The information contained in this are correct only as of the date shown on the cover page of these documents, regardless of the time of the delivery of these documents or any sale of the securities referred to in this Prospectus. ATLAN MEDIA, INC. 10,000,000 SHARES OF COMMON STOCK PROSPECTUS PART II OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION The estimated costs of this offering (assuming all shares are sold) are as follows: SEC Registration Fee $ 13 Auditor Fees $ 5,000 Legal Fees $ 15,000 EDGAR Fees $ 1,000 Transfer Agent Fees $ 1,000 TOTAL $ 22,013 (1) All amounts are estimates, other than the SEC's registration fee. INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTOR AND OFFICERS Atlan Media, Inc.'s Bylaws allow for the indemnification of the Officer and/or Director in regards each such person carrying out the duties of his or her office. The Board of Directors will make determination regarding the indemnification of the Director, Officer or employee as is proper under the circumstances if she has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth under the Nevada Revised Statutes. As to indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, for a Director, Officer and/or person controlling Atlan Media, Inc., we have been informed that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy and unenforceable. RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES Since inception, the Registrant has sold the following securities to the three Affiliate Officers and Directors and four Non-Affiliate employees listed below that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Name and Address Date Shares Consideration William Atlan* April 9, 2016 55,250,000 $ 1,000,000 Chris MacDonald* April 9, 2016 17,500,000 $ 316,742 Robert Jordan* April 9, 2016 17,500,000 $ 316,742 Total Affiliate 90,250,000 $ 1,633,484 *Affiliates who purchased shares via Stock Purchase Agreement at $0.018. The address for each Affiliate listed in the table above is Atlan Media, Inc., Level 19, 1 O’Connell Street, NSW, Sydney, 2000, AUSTRALIA. We issued the foregoing restricted shares of common stock to our Officers and Directors pursuant to Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, as all three shareholders are Non US Persons living in Australia. Mr. Atlan, Mr. MacDonald and Mr. Jordan are sophisticated investors, each is an Officer and Director, and each is in possession of all material information relating to us. Further, no commissions were paid to anyone in connection with the sale of the shares and general solicitation was not made to anyone. EXHIBITS Exhibit Number Description of Exhibit 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant 3.2 Bylaws of the Registrant 5.1 Opinion of Matheau J. W. Stout, Esq. 10.1 Form of Subscription Agreement 10.2 Board Consent Awarding Shares to Selling Shareholders 23.1 Consent of Weinberg & Baer, LLC 23.2 Consent of Matheau J. W. Stout, Esq.(contained in exhibit 5.1) II- 1 UNDERTAKINGS The undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes: (a)(1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales of securities are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement to: (i) Include any Prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii) To reflect in the Prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of Prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 383(b) (ss.230.383(b) of this chapter) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the "Calculation of Registration Fee" table in the effective registration statement. (iii)To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (4) That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser: (i) If the registrant is subject to Rule 430C, each Prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 383(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than Prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or Prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or Prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or Prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. (5) That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities: The undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: II- 2 (i) Any preliminary Prospectus or Prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 383; (ii) Any free writing Prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii)The portion of any other free writing Prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or our securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Act") may be permitted to our Directors, Officers and controlling persons pursuant to the provisions above, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act, and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities, other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by one of our Directors, Officers, or controlling persons in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding, is asserted by one of our Directors, Officers, or controlling persons in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act, and we will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. II- 3 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in the City of Sydney, Australia on May 6, 2016. ATLAN MEDIA, INC. By: /s/ William Atlan Name: William Atlan Title: Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) In accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement was signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates stated. Signature Capacity in Which Signed Date /s/ William Atlan Chief Executive Officer May 6, 2016 William Atlan (Principal Executive Officer and Director) /s/ Chris MacDonald Chief Financial Officer May 6, 2016 Chris MacDonald (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer and Director) II- 4
